A

COLLECTION

OF THE

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

PASSED IN THE

Forty-eighth Year

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE the THIRD:

Being the SECOND SESSION of the FOURTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty.

*9oS,

1

TABLE

or

All the STATUTES passed in the SECOND Session of the FOURTH Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

48° GEO. III.

PUBLIC GENERAL ACTS.,

I. An Act for regulating the issuing and paying off of Exchequer Bills. 3

II. An Act for continuing to His Majesty certain Duties on Malt, Sugar,

Tobacco, and Snuff, in Great Britain and on Pensions and Offices in England; and for repealing so much of certain Acts as relate to certain Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively on Offices and Pensions; and for regranting the said Duties of Sixpence and One Shilling respectively, and the said other Duties, for the Service of the Year One thoul'anu eight hundred and eight. 9

III. An Act for empowering the Governor and Company of the Bank of

England to advance the Sum of Three Millions, towards the Supply for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. 37

IV. An Act to authorize the advancing, for the Public Service, upon certain

Conditions, a Proportion of the Balance remaining in the Bank of England for Payment of Unclaimed Dividends, Annuities, and Lottery Prizes; and for regulating the Allowances to be paid for the Management of the National Debt. 41

V. An Act for repealing an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for suspending the Operation of an Act of the Thirty.

sixth Year of His present Majesty, for the further Support and Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for other Purpos’s in the said Act mentioned, so far as relates to the Avoidance of Benefices by the Incumbents thereof having accepted augmented Curacies. 45

VI. An Act to continue, until the End of this Session of Parliament, several Acts for carrying into Execution the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation, between His Majesty and the United States of America. 49

A 2 VII. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

Til. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten millions five hundred thousand Pounds, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Ye2r One thousand eight hundred and eight. 53

VIII. An Act to amend an Act of the Twenty fifth Year of His present Majesty, for better regulating the Office of the Treasurer of His Majesty's Navy. 57

IX. An Act for abolishing the Office of Surveyor of Subsidies and Petty Cuf-

toms in the Port of London. 61

X. An Act to amend so much of an Act; made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for granting certain Duties on Spirits made in Scotland, as relates to delivering up the Licences granted for diddling Spirits in the Lowlands of Scotland, and for better preventing private Distillation. 6^5

XI. An Act for permitting the Importation of Goods from the Portuguese Territories on the Continent of South America, in Portuguese Ships. 69

XII. An Act to amend and continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, so much of an Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty as allows certain Bounues on British Plantation Raw Sugar exported. 73

XIII. An Act for settling and securing a certain Annuity on Viscount Lake, and the Two next Persons to whom the Title of Viscount Lake shall defeend, in Consideration of the eminent Services of the late General Viscount Lake. 77

XIV. An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty's Royal Marine Forces while

on Shore. 81

XV. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters. 109

XVI. An Act for further continuing, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March

One thousand eight hundred and nine, certain Bounties and Drawbacks on the Exportation of Sugar from Great Britain; and for suspending the Countervailing Duties and Bounties on Sugar when the Duties imposed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament shall be suspended. 1C1

XVII. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight huundred and nine, certain Arts for regulating the Drawbacks and Bounties on the Exportation of Sugar from Ireland, and allowing British Plantation Sugar to be warehoused in Ireland; and for warehousing in Ireland Rum or Spirits of the British Sugar Plantations. 165

XVIII. An Act for amending and further continuing an Act made in the-

Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Payment of the Duties on Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, and Mace. 169

XIX. An Act to continue, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation of Malts, Yards, Bowsprits, and Timber, for Naval Purposes, from the British Colonies in North America, Duty free. 173

XX. An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten, several Laws relating to the Encouragement of the the Greenland Whale Fisheries; to the Admission to Entry in Great Britain of Oil and Blubber of Newfoundland taken by His Majesty's Subjects carrying on the Fishery from and residing in the fail! Bland; and to the allowinr the Importation of Fish from Newfoundland and the Coast of Labrador, 177

r 8 XXL Ait

[Public General) 48" GEO. III.

XXI. An Act to empower th- Comm iffioners appointed for distributing the

(VIoney paid by the Ignited States of America, to withdraw the fame from the Bank, and invest it in Exchequer Bills. 181

XXII. An Act for malting perpetual several Laws relating to permitting the

Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from Great Britain to the British Sugar Colonies in the West India; the Importation of Salt from Europe into Quebec in America; and the prohibiting of Foreign-wrought Silks and Velvets. i8j

XXIII. An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on the Importation into Great Britain of Hemp, and rough and undressed Flax, from His Majesty's Colonies in America; and to the more effectually encouraging the Manufacture of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten; and for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported from Great Britain, and taking off the Duties on Importation into Great Britain, of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eleven. 189

XXIV. An Act for further continuing, until Three Months after the Ratifica-

tion of a Definitive Treaty of Peace, an Act made in the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for permitting the Importation into Great Britain, of Hides and other Articles in Foreign Ships. 193

XXV. An Act for further continuing until the Tvyenty-fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for rendering the Payment of Creditors more equal and expeditious in Scotland. 197

XXVI. An Act for granting to His Majesty, until the End of the next Session

of Parliament, Duties of Customs on the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated, in furtherance of the Provisions of certain Orders in Council. 201

XXVII. An Act to continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, for prohibiting the Exporradon from Ireland, and for permitting the Importation into Ireland, Duty free, of Corn and other Provisions. 225

XXVIII. An Act for grandng to His Majesty, until the End of the next Session

of Parliament, certain Duties on the Exportation from Ireland of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize therein enumerated. 229

XXIX. An Act to prohibit, undl the End of the next Session of Parliament,

the Exportation of Jesuits Bark and Cotton Wool from Ireland. 245

XXX. An Act to amend an Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the

Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Trade of Ireland to and from the East Indies. " 249

XXXI. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, made in the Forty-fifth

Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for preventing the counterfeiting of certain Silver Tokens to certain other Tokens which may be issued by the Governor and Company of the Bank of Ireland, and to promote the Circu-latiou of the said last mentioned Tokens. 253

B XXXII. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

LVIII. An Act for amending the Law with regard to the Course of Proceeding on Indictments and informations in the Court of King’s Bench in certain Cafes; for authorizing the Execution in Scotland of certain Warrants’ issued for Offences committed in England; and for requiring Officers taking Bai! in the KingJs Suit to assign the Bail Bonds to the King. 4/3

LIX. An Act for enabling His Majesty to settle an Annuity on Her Royal Highness the Ducheis of Brunswick WolfenbUttel. 477

LX. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the First Year of King James the First, intituled, An Act concerning Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Artifcers occupying the cutting of Leather; and also for repealing and amending certain Parts of several other Acts of Parliament relating thereto. 481

LXI. An Act to continue until the End of the next Session of Parliament, an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Public; Expenditure and the Conduct of the Public Business in the Military Departments therein mentioned. 489

LXII. An Act for the making perpetual several Acts for the better Collection and Security of the Revenues of C.uffoms and Excise in Ireland, and for preventing Frauds therein; and to make further Provision for the Security of the said Revenues, and for the Execution of the several Acts relating thereto. 493-

LXIII. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-fever/.h Year of His present Majesty's Reign for securing the Collection of the Duties on Auctions in Ireland. 497

LXIV. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for enabling His Majesty to accept the Services of Volunteers from the Militia of Ireland. 501

LXV. An Act to make more effectual Provision for the Building and Rebuilding of Churches, Chapels, and Glebe Houses, and for the Purchase of Glebe Lands, Glebe Houses, and Impropriations, in Ireland. 505

LXVI. An Act for enforcing the Residence of Spiritual Persons on their Benefices in Ireland. 513

LXVII. An Act for granting an additional Duty on Copper imported into Great Britain, until the Fifth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eleven, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 521

LXVIII. An Act for extending the Bounty now payable on Pilchards exported to the West Indies or Mediterranean to Pilchards exported to any Parts beyond the Seas. 525

LXIX. An Act to permit, until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and ten. Sugar and Coffee to be exported from His Majesty's Colonies or Plantations to any Port in Europe to the Southward of Cape Finisterre, and Corn to be imported from such Port and from the Coalt of Africa into, the said Colonies and Plantations. 529

LXX. An Act to provide that British Ships which shall be captured by the Enemy, and shall afterwards become the Property of British Subjects. shall not be entitled to the Privilege of British Ships. 537

LXXI. An Act to amend so much of Two Acts of this Session of Parliament, for carrying into Execution certain Orders in Council, as relates to the Duties on

(Public General) 48° GEO. III.

on Goods exported from the Warehouses in which they have been secured on Importation, and on certain Prize Goods imported into Great Britain or Ireland. 541

LXXII. An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in Dean and New

Forests. 545

LXXIIL An Act to improve the Land Revenue of the Crown in England, and also of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster. 549

LXXIV. An Act for the better Collection of the Duties on Malt made in Great Britain. S6J

LXXV. An Act for providing suitable Interment in Church-yards or Parochial Burying Grounds in England, for such dead Human Bodies as may be call on Shore from the Sea, in cases of Wreck or otherwise. 577

LXXVI. An Act for raising the Sum of Ten Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds by way of Annuities. 585

LXXVII. An Act to enable His Majesty to veil the Right of Appointment of Mailer of the Free School of Londonderry in the City and County of Londonderry, in the Bishop of Derry for the Time being. 597

LXXVIII. An Act to grant to His Majesty Duties upon Malt made in Ireland, and upon Spirits made or diddled in Ireland; and to allow certain Drawbacks on the Exportation thereof. 601

LXXIX. An Act to amend the Two Acts for the collecting of the Malt Duties in Ireland, and regulating the Trade of a Maltster. 613

LXXX. An Act to continue until the Fifth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and nine, and to amend, several Acts for granting certain Rates and Duties, and for allowing certain Drawbacks and Bounties on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported into and exported from Ireland; and to grant new Duties on the Importation of East India Sugar and Foreign Spirits; and to reduce the Duty on British Plantation Codee imported. 621

LXXXI. An Act to amend the several Acts for the regulating and securing the

Collection of the Duty on Spirits diddled in Ireland. 625

LXXXII. An Act to make perpetual and to amend several Acts for the better regulating the issuing and granting of Permits and Certificates, for the Conveyance and Protection of certain Exciseable Goods in Ireland. 633

LXXXIII. An Act for raising the Sum of Seven hundred and fifty thousand Pounds by way of Annuities for the Service of Ireland. 637

LXXXIV. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, to make more effectual Provision for the Prevention of Smuggling, and for regulating the Periods for cancelling and delivering up certain Bonds relating to the Revenue of Cudoms. 645

LXXXV. An Act to regulate the Trade between Great Britain and the United States of America until the End of the next Session of Parliament. 653

I.XXXVI. An Act to revive and continue until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His present Majesty, for the more effectual Encouragement of the British Fisheries. 6^7

C LXXXVII. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

LIXXVII. An Act for repealing the Rates and Taxes taken by licensed Hackney Coachmen, and for elhiblishing others in lieu thereof; and for amending several Laws relating to Hackney Coaches. 661

I.XXXVIII. An Act to restrain the Negotiation of Promissory Notes and Inland Bills of Exchange, under a limited. Sum in England. 669

LXXXIX. An Act for enabling the Commissioners appointed to examine Accounts of Public Expenditure in the Barrack Office, more speedily and effectually to investigate the said Accounts. 677

XC. An Act to enable the Commissioners for auditing Public Accounts, and the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks 'respectively, to send and receive Letters and Packets oa the Business of their Offices free of Portage. 681

XCI. An Act for enabling the Commissioners appointed to examine Accounts of Public Expenditures in the West Indies, more speedily and effectually to investigate the said Accounts. 685

XCII. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for charging the Sum of Twelve millions two hundred thcrufand Pounds, raised for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, upon the Duties of Customs and Excise granted to His Majesty, during the Continuance of the present War, as relates to Money issued for Charges of Management of Stock redeemed. 689

XCIII. An Act to repeal so much of an Act of the Firrt Year of King James the Firrt, as relates to the Penalties on Shooting at Hares; and also to repeal an Act of the Third Year of King George the Firrt, relating to Game-

keepers. 693

XC.IV. An Act for repealing so much of an Act made in the Parliament of Scotland, in the Fourth Session of the Firrt Parliament of Queen Anne, intituled, A cl for preserving the Game, as relates to the Shooting of Hares 697

XC.V. An Act for continuing, until the First Day of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, an Act of the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for allowing, under certain Restrictions, the bringing a limited Quantity of Coals, Culm, or Cinders, to London and Wrjlmtrfler, by Inland Navigation. 701

XCVI. An Act for the better Care and Maintenance of Lunatics, being Paupers or Criminals in England. 705

XC.VII. An Act to enable the Commissioners of His Majesty's Treasury, to issue Exchequer Bills, on the Credit of such Aids or Supplies as have been or shall be granted by Parliament for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. 721

XCVIII. An Act for letting to Farm the Duties on Horses hired by the Mile or Stage, to be used in travelling, and on Horses hired fora less Period of Time than Twenty-eight Days, for drawing Carriages used in travelling Port, or other wise, in Great Britain, and for better securing the said Duties. 725

XCIX. An Act for depositing Prize Goods liable to Duty in Warehouses under the Care of the Officers of the Customs and Excise, and for reducing Spirits condemned as Prize to a proper Strength, for Home Consumption. 733

1 9 C. An

[Public General) 48° GEO. III.

C. An Act for extending the Provisions of an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, so far as respedis the Payment of Prize Money arising from Captures made by Foreign in Conjunction with British Ships, to Captures made by the Land Forces of Foreign States in Conjunction with the British. 737

Cl. An Act for extinguishing the Right of Way over a Lane or Road leading across the Exercising Ground in front of Chatham Lines, and for veiling the Soil thereof in His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors. 741

CII. An Act for appointing Commissioners for carrying into Execution an Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to His Majesty a Duty on Pensions and Offices in England; and an Act made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raisedin Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight. 745

CIII. An Act for further extending the Provisions of several Acts, for establishing the Bank of Ireland; and for empowering the Governor and Company of the said Bank, to advance the Sum of One million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, Irish Currency, towards the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. 1045

CIV. An Act for the better Regulation of Pilots, and of the Pilotage of Ships and Vessels navigating the British Seas. 1053

CV. An Act to authorize His Majesty until the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and nine, to make Regulations respecting the Trade and Commerce to and from the Cape of Good Hope. 1085

CVT. An Act to remedy the Inconvenience which has arisen, and may arise, from the Expiration of Acts, before the passing of Acts to continue the fame. 1085

CVn. An Act to enable the Secretary at War to enforce the making of Returns from Clerks of Subdivisions, and others, in relation to Fines, Half Bounties, and Residues of Sums due under certain Acts relating to the Defence of the Realm, for the Purpose of directing the Distribution thereof to the Persons entitled thereto. 1093

CVIII. An Act for carrying into complete Execution and Effect certain Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for making Compensation to the Patentee Officers of the Pleas Side of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, as far as respectij the Compensation to John M(Clintock, and William Foster M'Clintock, EsqUires, Patentee Officers of the Office of Serjeant at Arms of the said Court of Exchequer. 1097

CIX. An Act to regulate the Trade between Great Britain and the Portuguese Territories, on the Continent of South America. 1101

CX. An Act for the further Encouragement and better Regulation of the British White Herring Fishery, until the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and thirteen, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. 1105

CXI. An Act for enabling His Majesty to establish a permanent Local Militia Force, under certain Restrictions, for the Defence of the Realm. 1133

CXII. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

CXII. An Act for raising the Sum of Five hundred thousand Pounds by Treasury Bills for the Service of Ireland for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. 1161

CXIII. An Act to empower Grand Juries in Ireland, (or Persons appointed by them), to sell or exchange Ground that has been occupied uy old Court Houses, Gaols, or County Infirmaries, and the Materials thereon. 1165

CXIV. An Act for raising the Sum of Six Millions, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of Great Britain for the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight. 1169

CXV. An Act to grant to His Majesty Countervailing Duties on Spirits imported into Ireland from Scotland; and to allow Equivalent Drawbacks on Spirits exported from Ireland to Scotland. 1 !73

CXVI. An Act for granting to His Majesty Rates of Postage on the Conveyance of Letters and Packets to and from the Island of Madeira, and to and from the Portuguese Territories on the Continent of South America. 1177

CXVII. An Act for repealing the Duties upon Silks painted and Rained, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. 1181

CXVIII. An Act to prohibit the Distillation of Spirits from Corn or Grain, for a limited Time. *185

CXIX. An Act for regulating the charging of the Duty on Spirits imported into Great Britain, according to the Strength thereof. 1189

CXX. An Act for reducing the Excise Duties on Coffee imported into Great Britain, and for directing that Coffee and Cocoa warehoused shall be subject to the Regulations of an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for permitting certain Goods imported to be secured in Warehouset. 1193

CXXI. An Act for reducing the Duty of Customs on Coffee imported into Great Britain when taken out of Warehouse for Home Consumption. 1197

CXXII. An Act for vesting all Estates and Property occupied for the Barrack Service in the Commissioners for the Affairs of Barracks; and for granting certain Powers to the said Commissioners. 1201

CXXIII. An Act for the Discharge of Debtors in Execution for Small Debts, from Imprisonment in certain Cafes. 1205

CXXIV. An Act for continuing the Premiums allowed to Ships employed in the Southern Whak Fishery. 1209

CXXV. An Act to permit the Importation of Rice, Grain, and Flour, from any Foreign Colonies on the Continent of America into certain Ports in the West Indies, and to allow certain Articles to be imported from the United States of America into the British Provinces in North America, for the Purpose of Exportation to the British Wands in the West Indies. 1213

CXXVI. An Act to permit Goods secured in Warehouses in the Port of London to be removed to the Out-ports for Exportation to any Part of Europe, for empowering His Majesty to direct that Licences which His Majesty is authorized to grant under llis Sign Manual may be granted by One of the Principal Secretaries of State; and for enabling His Majesty to permit the Exportation of Goods in Vessels of less Burthen than are now allowed by Law, during the present Hostilities, and until One Month after the Signature of the Preliminary Articles of Peace. 12«7

CXXVII. An

7

(Public General) 43" GEO. III.

CAXVII. An Act to render valid certain Marriages solemnized in certain Churches and Publick Chapels in which Banns had not usually been published before or at the Time of passing an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better preventing of clandejiinc Marricges. 1221

CXXVIII. An Act to repeal so much of an Act, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating the Office of Paymaster General, as requires certain Accounts to be examined and settled within certain Periods, by the Secretary at War, and enabling His Majesty to make Orders for examining and settling such Accounts. 1225

CXXIX. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act to take away the Benest of Clergy from certain Offenders for Felony, as takes away the Benefit of Clergy from Persons dealing privily from the Person of another; and for more er-feftually preventing the Crime of Larceny from the Person. 1229

CXXX. An Act for preventing the various Frauds and Depredations committed on Merchants, Shipowners, and Underwriters, by Boatmen and others, within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports; and also for remedying certain Defects relative to the Adjuilment of Salvage, under a Statute made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Her late Majesty Queen Anne. 1233

CXXXI. An Act for further continuing until the Fir 11 Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nine, an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for suspending Proceedings in Actions and other Proceedings relating to the Woollen Manufacture. 1245

CXXXII. An Act to extend the Provisions of an Act, passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of Seamen and better manning His Majesty's Navy, to Cafes arising in consequence of Hostilities commenced ftnee the passing of the Arid Act. 1249

CXXXIII. An Act for enlarging the Times appointed for the First Meetings of Commissioners and other Persons, for putting in Execution certain Acts of this Session of Parliament. 1253

CXXXIV.- An Act to amend the Laws relating to the marking of Bags and Pockets of Hops. 1257

CXXXV. An Act to amend an Act made in the Forty-sixth Year of His present Majesty for more effectually carrying into Execution the Purposes of an Act made in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Year of His Majesty, to give further Time for the Payment, on the Conditions therein mentioned, of Instalments on certain Loans advanced to the House of Alexander Houjton and Company to Charles Ashwel: Esquire, and to William Johnflone Esquire, being Persons connected with and trading to the Islands of Grenada and Saint Vincent, so far as relates to the Real and Personal Estates of William Mac Dowall, James Mac Dowall, and Robert Hoyftoun Rae in the West Indies and elsewhere, except in Scotland. 1261

CXXXV1. An Act to indemnify all Officers and Persons who have carried into Execution any of the Provisions of an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, for completing and increasing the Militia of Great Britain, in relation to the Militia of the Tower Hamlets. 1269

CXXXVII. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the Forty-

sixth Year of His present Majesty, for consolidating and rendering more ef-

D feftual-

A TABLE of the STATUTES

feftual the several Acts for the Purchase of Buildings and further Improvement of* the Streets and Places near to Westminster Hall and the Two Houses of Parliament. . 1273

CXXXVIII. An Act for defining and regulating trie Powers of the Commission of Tiends, in augmenting and modifying the Stipends of the Clergy of Scotland. 1281

CXXXIX. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Sum of Money to be raised by Lotteries. 1289

CXL. An Act for the more effectual Administration of the Office of a Justice of the Peace, and for the more effectual Prevention of Felonies within the District of Dublin Metropolis. 1313

CXLI. An Act to amend the Acts relating to the Duties of Assessed Taxes, and of the Tax upon the Profits of Property, Professions, Trades, and Offices, and to regulate the Assessment and Collection of the fame. 1353

CXLII. An Act for enabling the Conunissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt* to grant Life Annuities. l373

CXLIII. An Act to repeal the Stamp Duties on Licences granted by Justices of the Peace for selling Ale, Beer, and other Exciieable Liquors by Retail; and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof. 1405

CXLIV. An Act for the more effectual Protection of Oyster Fisheries and the Brood of Oysters, in England. 1413

XLV. An Act for enabling Ilis Majefiv to grant Annuities to the Judges of the Court of SeiTion, Judiciary, and Exchequer in Scotland, upon the Resignation of their Offices. 1417

CXLVI. An Act for vesting the Stock of the Court of Session in Scotland in Trustees, for the erecting Buildings for the better Accommodation of the College of Justice, and a Publick Gaol, in the City of Edinburgh, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 1421

CXLVII. An Act to permit the Sale of the Danish Prize Ship Conflantia Maria, and her Cargo, in the Port of lmvey in the County of Cornwall. 1423

CXLVIII. An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament. 1429

CXLIX. An Act for repealing the Stamp Duties on Deeds, Law Proceedings, and other written or printed Instruments, and the Duties on J.egacies and Successions to Perianal Fffate upon Inteftacies, now payable in Great Britain; and for granting new Duties in lieu thereof. 1457

CL. An Act for enabling Ill's Majesty jo effablish a permanent Local Militia Force in Scotland, under certain Reffridions, for the Defence of the Realm.

isiT

CLI. An Act concerning the Administration of Justice in Scotland, and concerning Appeals to the House of Lords. 1561

CLII. An Act for granting certain Duties on Worts or Wadi made from Sugstj during the Prohibition of Distillation front Corn or Grain in Great Britain.

8 J 569

(Local & Personal, to be judicially noticed) 48° GEO. III.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED.

1. AN Act to continue and amend an Act of the THirty-second Year of Ilk

present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Middleton hi Teesdale, to the Gate in the new Incfofures, called The Edge, in the Parish of S lint An dread's Auckland, and a Blanch therefrom to EggLjlm Bridge, in the County of Durham. 3

2. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His prefertt

Majesty, for paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching (he Streets and Public Passages in the City of Whichever, and several Parishes in the Suburbs thereof, and for removing and preventing Nuisances therein. 13

3. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts relating to the Oxford Canal Navigation. 45

4. An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of the Fifth and Twenty-

seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hurst-green to the Extent of the Parish of Burwafh, in the County of Sussex. 57

5. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present

Majesty, for repairing the Road from Scale Bridge to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk. 69

6. An Act for enclosing Lands in Chapel Allerton, in the West Riding of the County of York. 77

7. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts,

for repairing the Road from Northallerton, through TJnrfk and Eajingwold, to Burton Stone, near the City of York, and also, the Road from Thirsk to Topclffe, in the County of York. 93

8. An Act to enable the Company, of Proprietors of the East J.ondan Water

Works to purchase certain other Water Works, and to amend an Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty relating to the said East London Water Works. 101

9. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the

Parish of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof. X 17

10. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two

Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Hinckley to Melbourne Common, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby. 125

11. An Act for completing the Improvement of the Port of Bristol. 141

12. An Act for enclosing Lands in the Parish of Eafmgton, in the North Riding

of the County of 7V.L 165

13. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

13. An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present

Majesty, for making and maintaining the Barnfey Canal Navigation, and certain Railways and other Roads to communicate therewith; and for increasing the Rates, Tolls, and Duties thereby granted. 177

14. An Act to continue several Acts for granting a Duty of Two Pennies Scots

upon Ale and Beer brewed in the Town of Abcrbrothock, in the County of Forfar. 193

15. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Leeds to Rounday, in

the West Riding of the County of York. 197

16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Minera, in the Pari Hi

of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh. 233

17. An Act for regulating the Statute Labour, and repairing the Highways and

Bridges, in the County of Dumbarton. 249

18. An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal to

complete the same. 269

19. An Act for continuing the Term of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Town of Biddenden, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Afford to Feverfoam, at Bound gate, in the County of Kent. 277

20. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act, of the Forty-second Year of His Majesty's Reign, as relates to building and maintaining a House of Correction in and for the City and County of Aberdeen. 285

a 1. An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates, in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof. 289

22. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of King William the

Third, for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses, in the Borough of King’s Lynn, in the County' of Norfolk, and for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there. 305

23. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the

Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Tid Saint Giles, and Neuuton in the Iflt of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in Tid Saint Mary’s, in the County of Lincoln, and for adding thereto certain other Lands in Tid Saint Mary's aforesaid, lying contiguous to the Lands deferibedin the said Act. 321

24. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Barton Water*

fide House to Rifeham Hedge Corner, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the County of Lincoln. 337

2 j. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for making and repairing a Road from the West End of Gainfbcrough Bridge to F.ajl Retford and to Cringley-upon-the-Hill, in the County of Nottingham. 343

26. An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Tadeafer Bridge, within the County of the City of 2'crk, to a Place called Hebmoor Lane End. 357

27. Ah

3

(Local & Personal, to be judicially noticed) 48° GEO. III.

47. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley by Mulefcroft, to Kendcll Hotfe, and from Mole/'croft to Bainton Balk, in the County of York. 373

28. An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of several Acts for

repairing the Road from Carlifie to Penrith, and from Penrith to Eamont Bridge, in the County of Cumberland. 385

29. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from New Chappel, in the County of Surrey, to Ditcheling Bojl Hills, in the County of Sussex; and for amending the Road from Ditcheling Bojl Hills to Brightbebnstone, in the County of Sussex. 401

30. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the

Seventh and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal Ash, in the County of Warwick, through Studley, to the Town of Birmingham. 417

31. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Wirbsworth Turnpike

Road, in the Hamlet of Ideridgehay, to the Town of Dujfield, in the County of Derby. 425

32. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two

Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Cromford Bridge to Langley Mill, in the County of Derby. 461

33. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two

Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Market C.ross, in the Township of Clitheroe, to Salford Bridge, in the Town of Blackburn, for diverting a Part of the said Road, and for making a Branch of Road to communicate with the Blackburn and Preston Road, all in the County Palatine of Lancnfier. 473

34. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two

Acts of His present Majesty, so far as the fame relate to the two Districts of Roads therein described, leading from High Bridges to Uttoxeter, and from Spath to the Halfway from thence to Hanging Bridge, in the County of Stafford. 493

35. An Act for melding Lands in the Parishes of Gay wood and Mintlyn, in the County of Norfolk. 505

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Thakeham, Sullington, and

Shipley, in the County of Sussex. 533

37. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at Wrotham Heath, in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godfione, in the County of Surrey. 553

38. An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of Two Acts, for

repairing the Road from the Mansfield and Chesterfield Turnpike Road, to Buntingfield Nook, in the County of Derby; and for making a new Road from Tupton Nether Green to Stubbing Edge Lane and Knot Cross, in the said County. S^1

39. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great Walsingham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton next Walsingham, in the County of Norfolk. 577

£ 40. Ah

A TABLE of the STATUTES

40. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for draining, preferring, and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs, in the several Parishe's of Saint John of Beverley and of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York. hog

41. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Nefs at In-vemefs, widening

certain Streets, improving the present Harbour, extending the Royalty, supplying the Inhabitants with Water, regulating the Police, and lighting the Streets of the said Burgh. 621

42. An Act for regulating the Police of the Barony of Gorbalt, in the County of Lancrk; paving, cleansing, and lighting the Streets and Passages thereof, erecting a Bridewell or Workhouse therein, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 653

43. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the

Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 685

44. An Act for the further Supply of the City and Suburbs of Glasgow and

Places adjacent with Water. 713

45. An Act for paving, cleansing, watching, lighting, and regulating the

Streets, and other public Places, within the Town of Fertnoy, in the County of Cork, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein, and for establishing a proper Police in the said Town. 745

46. An Act for making a Railway from or near to the Town of Kilmarnock, in the County of Ayr, to a Place called The Troon, in the said County. 793

47. An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Troon, situate on the Well

Coalt of the County of Ayr. 837

48. An Act for making a navigable Cut from the East Side of the River Tees

near Stockton into the said River near Portrack, in the County of Durham; and making various other Improvements in the Navigation of the said River between the Town of Stockton and the Sea. 861

49. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts relating to the

Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation. 921

50. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the

Hundred of C'odjheath, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County of Kent. 933

51. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for the

more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City of Rochester, the Parish of Strood, and several other Parishes and Places in the County of Kent. 961

52. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers

of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Maidstone to Key Street, in the County of Kent. 969

53. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of Three

Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kingston-upon-llull, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the-Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingjl on-i/pon-Hu II. 977

54. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers, of an Act for re-

pairing the Road from Kinross, in the County of KinroJs, to Alloa, in the County of Clackmannan. 989

55. An>

4

{Local ft? Personal, to be judicially noticed') 48° GEO. IN.

55. An Act for repairing the Read from the Town of Ally, in the County of

Kildare, la the I own of Cafllecomcr, in the County of Kilkenny, and to the I own of Laghlin Bridge, in the County of Carlow, and front, the Town of Carlow to the said Town of Cajllecomer. 10oi

56. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Po wers, of Three

Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Chfikrfield, in the County of Derby, to Worlfop, in the County of Nottingham, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as the fame relate to the Road from Chfilerfield to Worlfop. togy

57. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty? for repairing the Road from the Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike, in the Liberty of Blidworth, to the Colliery near Pinxton Green, in the County of Nottingham. ' 1049

58. An Act; for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present

Majesty, for repairing the Road from Worksop, in the County of Nottingham, to Attercliffe, in the County of York. 1061

59. An Act for continuing and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Nottingham to the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham. 1073

6c. An Act for amending an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for making and maintaining Roads from Percy’s Cross to Milfield Burn, and from Wooler to Bowfdon Burn, in the County of Northumberland. 1092

61. An Act to continue and enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts, for

repairing the Road from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to Ringles Cross, near Uckfeld, in the County of Sitjfex. 1007

62. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Key Bridge across the River

Avon, in the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucifler, and for making and forming convenient Roads thereto. 1105

63. An Act for repairing the Road from Fofion Bridge, through the Town of

Grantham, to the Division Stone on Witham Common, all in the County of Lincoln, and for repealing several Acts relating thereto. 1141

64. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present

Majesty, for repairing the Road from Macclesfield to Nether Tab/ey, in the County of Chester, and for making a new Road from Birtlcs to Macclesfield aforesaid. 1177

65. An Act for the more effectually repairing a certain Road called The Walling

Street Road, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Salop and Stafford. 1193

66. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of

Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Keyberry Bridge to the Paftfage at Shalldon, and from the said Bridge to the Pier or Harbour of Torquay, in the County of Devon. 1233

67. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of Two several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for amending the Road from Shrevfbury to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and from Wrexham to Chfiler, and several other Roads therein mentioned, so far as respects the Chester District of the said Roads. *249

63. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

68. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of '1 wo Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Ken I, to Swiftfden, and from Frant to Pofingworth Great Wood; and for amending a certain Piece of Road communicauug with the said Roads. 1265

69. An Act for removing Doubts as to the Application of certain Surplus Monies

paid for measuring, searching, and sealing Cloth, in the West Riding of the County of York, under Two Acts of His present Majesty. 1281

70. An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Thirty-first Year of His late Majesty, for the due making of Bread, to regulate the Price and Assize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or Bread, so far as the fame relates to the Weighing of Bread to be baked and loid within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, and within Ten Miles of the Royal Exchange. 1285

71. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Forty-third Year of His present

Majesty, for extending the Provisions of Two former Acts relating to the Use of Horse Hides in making Boots and Shoes, and preventing the damaging of Raw Hides and Skins in the Flaying thereof, and for making other Provisions in lieu thereof. 1293

72. An Act for vesting detached Parts of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Le Defpencer, in the County of Kent, in him and his Heirs, and for substituting and settling other Estates of greater Value, and more convenient to be held with the Bulk of the said settled Estates, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame. 1317

73. An Act for vesting the detached Estates, devised by the Will of the late

Henry Hervey Aston, Esquire, in Trustees, upon Trull to sell the same, and to lay out the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates. 1333

74. An Act for enabling John William Spicer, Esquire, to grant Building Leafrs

of Lands in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington Butts, in the County of Surrey, for Terms of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Years. 1353

75. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between Thomas William Coke, Esquire,

and the Trustees of his settled Estates. 1361

76. An Act for vesting certain Manors, Rents, and Tithes, in the Counties of

Westmorland and Cumberland, Part of the Estates settled by the Will of Sir Lyonel Wright Fletcher, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and to enable the Devisees under the fame Will to enfranchise certain customary Estates holden of several Manors in the said Counties, settled by the fame Will, and for applying Part of the Money arising from such Sales and Enfranchisements in paying off certain Legacies given by the said Will, and veiling the Remainder in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. 1373

77. An Act for enabling the Governor and Directors of the Hospital for Poor

French Protestants and their Defendants residing in Great Britain, to grant such Part of the Scite of the Buildings and the Lands belonging to the said Hospital, or such Part thereof as they Avail think proper, upon Building Leases. 1393

78. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Kirkby Lonsdale, in the County of Westmorland. 1397

L v 79- An

[Local & Personal, to be judicially noticed) 4^ GEO. III.

79. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Chipping Milton and Rwchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 14I

So. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bawde/welland Lin*, in the County of Norfolk. H37

81. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Scot ter, in the County of

Lincoln. *4 57

82. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rothbtiry, in the County of

Northumberland. 1489

83. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Abergele, in the County of Denbigh. 1513

84. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rodham, in the County of

Norfolk. ,533

85. An Act for dividing Lands in the Parish of Wickleviood, in the County of

Norfolk. 1349

86. An Act for forming, paving, and otherwise improving certain Streets and other public Passages and Places, in the Parish of Saint Far.cras, in the County of Middlesex. 1577

87. An Act for lighting, watching, and regulating the Streets and Lanes, and

other public Passages and Places, in the Town of Beverley, in the County of 7 Irk. 1613

88. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the

Hundreds of Wejibury, Warminster, Hcytefbury, and Damerbam South, in the County of Wilts. 1645

89. An Act for the better and more easy rebuilding of the Town of Chudleigh,

in the County of Devon; for determining Differences touching Houses dc-molished by the late Fire there j and for preventing' future Danger by Fire. 16 69

90. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two

Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Bottom of Church Lane, in the Town of NeivcaJile-under-Lyne, in the County of Stafford, to the Road from Woor to Chester, near Nampiwich, in the County of Chester, and other Roads therein mentioned. 1685

91. An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers,

of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Rotherham to The Four Lane Ends, near Worthy, in the West Riding of the County of York. ~ 1697

92. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Romford and White-chapel Road, to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the County of F.ffex. 1709

93. An Act for vesting in new Tru flees certain Estates and Property in Ireland, of the Right Honourable Walter Earl of Ormonde and Off ory in Ireland, and Baron Butler.in England, which have not been sold or disposed of under and by virtue of Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Thirty-fifth and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty. ' 1 749

94. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Farifn of Stone., in the County of Stafford. 1757

95. An

F

A TABLE tj the STATUTES

95. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Mardtn, Sutton Saint Michael,

Sutton Saint Nicholas, and Withington, and certain Chapdries, Townships, and Parishes adjacent thereto, in the County of Hereford. 1781

96. An Act to enable the Commercial Insurance Company of Dublin to sue,

and be sued, in the Name of their Secretary. 1797

97. An Act for making more effectual Provision for maintaining, regulating,

and employing the Poor of the Parish of Saint Luke, in the County of Mid-dlcfex. 1801

98. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the

Parish of Ashton-under-Lyne, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and within the Townships of St ay ley, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County Palatine of Chester. . 1853

99. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Grand Surrey Canal to supply with V\ ater the several Towns, Districts, and Places therein mentioned, and to amend the several Acts relating to the said Canal. 1881

100. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts for repairing

the Road from Saint Giles's Pound to Kilbourne Bridge, and for making a new Road front the great Northern Road at jftiugton to tile Edgeware Road near Paddington, in the County of Middlesex. 1897

101. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the B right behn/lone

Road at Pyecombe to the Cuckfteld Hoad at Staplefield Common, and from Pyecombe to the Henfteld Road at Poynings Common, in the County of Suffiex 1921

102. An Act for empowering Trustees to sell and convey the Freehold and

Copyhold hftates devised by the Will of John Crofter, Esquire, deceased, and to lay out the Money arising by the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. 1961

102. An Act for regulating the Proceedings in the Courts Baron of the Manors of Sheffield and Ecclesall, in the County of York. 1985

xoa. An Act for rebuilding the Pier, and for improving the Harbour of Berwick-upon-Tweed. 2013

105. An Act for continuing, altering, and enlarging the Powers of so much of

an Act of His present Majesty, as relates to making effectual the Statute Labour in the Shite of Inverness, and levying a Conversion of Money in lieu thereof, and otherwise regulating, making, and repairing Highways and Bridges in the said Shire. 2057

106. An Act to continue Two Acts of the Parliament t>f Ireland, for the

Improvement of the Harbour of Drogheda. 2081

107. An Act for enabling the Justices of the Peace for the Eastern Division of the County of Sussex, to take down the present Shire Hall or Sessions House in the Town of Lewes, and for enabling them to build another Shire Hall or Sessions House in a more convenient Situation within the said Town. 2085

108. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for

draining certain Low Hinds lying on both Sides the P it er Wttham, in the County of Lincoln; and for rcitoring the Navigation or the said River from the High Bridge in th c City of L incoin, to the Sea. 2105

*09. An

(Locals Perjottal, to be judicially noticed) 48° GEO. III.

109. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and County of the Town of KingJion-upon-Hull. 2133

110. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the

Township of Wolverhampton, and in several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Stafford. 2145

lit. An Act for altering and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for building a Bridge over the River Thames at Henley-upon-Thames, in the County of Oxford. 21 fig

ti2. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts for tepairing the Road from Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the Marchburn. 2181

113. An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from the Town' of Stamford, to the Division Stone in South Witham, in the County of Lincoln. 2189

114. An Act for continuing the Term of an Act for repairing the Road from

Merlin's Bridge to Pembroke Ferry, in the County of Pembroke. 2225

115. An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Estates devised by the Will of the

Right Honourable Edward late Lord Thurlow, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates, and for settling the same to the Uses of his Lordship's Will. 2237

116. An Act for enabling the Master, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Sifters,

and Scholars of the College of God's Gift in Dulwich, in the County of Surrey, to grant a Lease or Leases of certain Estates belonging to the fame College, in the said County, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose; and also to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the fame Estates, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 2249

117. An Act for Veiling certain Estates in the Counties of Warwick, Middlesex,

and Montgomery, late of the Right Honourable Robert Earl of Catberlough, deceased, in Trustees, in Trust to be sold, and for investing the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the Will of the said Robert Earl of Catberlough, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 2265

118. An Act for enabling the Trustees under the Will of William Banker Esquire,

deceased, to change the Order of Sale of the Real Estates, late of the said William Banker, and for enabling the Devisees under the Will of the said William Banker, to grant Leases of such Part of his Estates as shall remain unfold. 2285

119. An Act for vesting Part of the settled and devised Estates of Sir John William De la Pole, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, for Sale, and for settling the remaining Part of the said settled and devised Estates in the Manner therein

mentioned. , ' 2297

i eo. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of TtsiMtii Peter Legh Esquire, deceased, to grant building and repairing Leases of certain Estates in the Parish of Warrington and in the Township of Blaikley ,uear Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and to accept Surrenders, and for, appointing of new Trustees, and for other Purposes. t. 2 325

e: . 121. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

i*t. An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the First Year of thfi Reign of His late Maj fifty King George the Secbnd, intituled, An Act to per-pftuate and better regulate the charitable Foundation of Doctor Nathaniel Foy, late Lord BJkop of Waterford and LII'more, in the City of Waterford, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. 2337

122. An Act for appointing new Trustees for carrying into Execution the Trulls and Powers contained in the Settlement executed on the Marriage of John Amphlcit Esquire, with Eliza Ann his Wife. 2349

>23. An Act to enable Nathaniel Lee Acton Esquire, and others, to grant Building Leases of Lands at and near Hackney, in the County of Middlesex* devised by the Will of the late Baptist Lee Esquire. 2357

124. An Act for vesting the Share of Thomas Knight Cook an Infant, of and

in the Estates late of the Reverend Thomas Knight Clerk, deceased, in Trustees upon Titill, to carry the Contrafts entered into for the Sale thereof into Execution, or otherwise to sell and dispose of the fame, and for inveiling the Money to arii'e therefrom under the Direction of the Court of Chancery in the Purchase of other Lands to be conveyed to the Use of him the said Thomas Knight Cook, and his Heirs. 2369

125. An Act for confirming and rendering valid and effectual an Exchange

made in the Year Gne thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, between William Mellish Esquire, deceased, and Charles Mtllfh Esquire, his eldest Son, also deceased, and the Vicar of Blyth, in the County of Nottingham, of Lands and Hereditaments of the said William Mellish and Charles Mellish, in the Parish of Blyth, for a small Part of the Glebe belonging to the said Vicarage. 2389

126. An Act to enable John Holton Fere, Devisee for his own Life in Possession of certain Freehold and Copyhold Estates situate at or near Kilburn in the Parish of Hampflcad, in the County of Middlesex, under and by virtue of the Will mid Codicil of Holton Vera late of Saint Martin’s Lane, in the said County of Middlesex, Gentleman, deceased, to grant Building Leases of the fame Estates for any Term not exceeding the Term of Ninety-nine Years. 2405

127. An Act for enabling Sir Oswald Mofley Baronet, to grant certain Lands

and Hereditaments in the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the Purposes of the Manchjler Publick Infirmary, Dil’penfary, Lunatick Hospital, and Alyl urn,- and for veiling the Property and Effects belonging to the said Charity in Trustees for the Benefit thereof. 2413

128. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Walling,on, in the County of Oxford. 2421

129. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hathersage, in the County of

Derby. 244 5

130. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Chertfcy and Manor of Chcrtfcy

Bepnond, in the County of Surrey. 2469

131. An Act for inclosing Lands in that Part of the Parish of Saint Asaph, in

the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, which is not within the Franchise of Rhuddlan, in the said County of Flint. 2493

132. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Barton, in the County of

Stafford. 25°9

1 133. An

(Local & Perfoml, to he judicially noticed) 48° GEO. III.

133. An Act for allotting and inclosing the Forest or Chace of Charnzvcod.

otherwise Charley Forest or Chase and Rothley Plain, in the County of Leicester. 2529

134. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Manors of Kingston-upon-Thames

and Imworfh, otherwise Imbercourt, in the County of Surrey, and for felling Part of such Lands for the Purpose of providing a Court House and Market House for the said Town. 2577

135. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Checkley, in the County of

Stafford. 2601

136. An Act to amend Two Acts, so far as relate to supplying the City of

Londonderry with Water, improving the Harbour of the said City, and the Regulation of Pilots and Vessels using the fame; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Court held in the said City for the Recovery of Small Debts. 2621

137. An Act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Borough of Cob

chcjier, in the County of Essex. 2637

138. An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of Two

Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from near Milford, through Haslemere, to the Portsmouth Road between Lippock and Rake, in the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton. 2677

139. An Act for repairing the Roads from Tavcrnfpite to the Towns of Pern-

broke and Tenby, and to Hubbcrflon Haling, and from Loveston Mountain to Camfton Bridge, in the County of Pembroke. 2689

140. An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into between the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Ely and John Tharp the Elder, of Chippenham Park, in the County of Cambridge, Esquire, for the Exchange of the Advowson of the Rectory of Snailwell, in the County of Cambridge, Part of the Possessions of the See of Ely, for the Rectory of Burgate, in the County of Suffolk, vested in the said John Tharp.

2725

141. An Act for vesting the settled F.states of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Hardwicke, situate in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, upon Trull, as to certain Parts which have been contrafted to be sold, to convey the same to the respective Purchasers, and as to the Residue, in Trull to sell the same, and for inverting the Purchase Monies, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses. 2741

142. An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, parted in

the Thirty-fifth, Forty-fourth, and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease, with Powers of Renewal, of Lands in the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of building upon. 2757

143. An Act for vesting in Trustees, the Personal Estate of the Reverend

Richard Daniel, Mailer of Arts in the Dniverfity of Dublin, and making them a Corporation for the Purposes of carrying into Effect the charitable Designs and Intentions of the Will of the said Richard Daniel. 2781

144. An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of the Estates devised by the Will of Edward Carefwell, Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees for the charitable Purposes therein mentioned. 2789

G 145. An

G

A TABLE of the STATUTES

145. An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in Ireland, for the better Education of Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion, and for the better Government of the Seminary established at Mayncotb for the Education of such Persons, lb far as relates to the Purchase of Lands and compounding Suits.

2801

146. An Act for supplying the Town and Parish of Woolwich, in the County of

Kent, with Water, and for amending so much of an Act of the last Session as relates to the Erection of a Market House in the said Town. 2805

147. An Act for repairing the Road from Milford to Stainlon and to Merlin’s

Bridge, and from thence to Cartlct Bridge, and to the Top of Merlin's Hill, in the County of Pembroke. 2817

148. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Borough of Lceminster, in the County of Hereford, and in the I'ownship of Lvfon, in the Parish of Eye, in the said County; and for paving, and otherwise improving the Streets and other public Places within the Town of Leominster, in the said County.

149. An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the President and Scholars of Saint John Baptist College, in the University of Oxford, and Christopher Hull of Footfcray, in the County of Kent, Esquire.

150. An Act to confirm and render valid and effectual a Partition of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Carlow and Kildare, in Ireland, formerly the Estates of Jeffery Paul Esquire, deceased.

151. An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of Paulin Hugget, an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom in part Discharge of certain Incumbrances charged thereon.

152. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kirk Smeaion in the West Riding of the County of York.

153. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Borough and Parish of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, and for vettins the After or Latter Math of a Meadow called Severn Ham, within the said Borough and Parish, in Trustees for certain Purposes.

154. An Act for exchanging Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Moira, situate in England, for Part of the Estates of the Right Honourable Flora Mure, Countds of Loudoun, his Wife, situate in Scotland, including the Castle of Loudoun.

135. An Act for vesting an Estate called Kiliingworth Farm, in the County of Northumberland, being an Estate devised by the Will of Thomas Bonner, Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of Legacies, and for laying out the Residue of the Money in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the fame Ufc-s.

156. An Act for vesting in Samuel Robert Gauffen, of North Mi mm, in the County of Hertford, Esquire, a Messuage and Farm, with the Appurtenances, in North Minims aforesaid, and for applying the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as the Estate fold.

137. An Act to prevent the Right of Frefentation to the Rectory and Parish Church of Si mo; burn, in the County of Northumberland, from lapsing for a limited Time.

(Local ft? Personal', not printed') 46° GEO. III.

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

1 AN Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Annesley, in the County of Nottingham.

2. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Aldbrough, in the County of York.

3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Efftngton and Parish of Bush-bury, in the County of Stafford.

4. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Harlton, in the County of Cambridge.

5. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of West Tarring, and the Precincts thereof, in the County of Suffer.

6. An Act for vesting certain Lands belonging to the Right Honourable William Wyndham Lord Grenville, and Ann Baroness Grenville his Wife, and a Par-fonage House io be built on the said Lands, in the Rector for the Time being of the united Parishes of Boconnoc and Braddock, in the County of Cornwall, in Exchange for the Parsonage House of Boconnoc, and certain Glebe Lands belonging to that Part of the said united Parishes called Boconnoc.

7. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Parts and Portions of the entailed Estate of Cullean, and other Hereditaments, situated in the County of Ayr, which belonged to, and were entailed by David late Earl of Cafftllis, deceased, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts contracted by him and his Predecessors, ilill owing and affecting or which may be made to affect the said entailed Estate; and for creating a Fund for the Purchase of other Lands and Heritages to be entailed in lieu of the Parts and Portions so fold.

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Clophill, in the County of Bedford.

9. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Feiherjionc, in the Parishes of Haltwbijlie and Lamlcy, in the County of Northumberland.

10. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Llangunnog and Llanjlephan, in the County of Carmarthen.

11. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of If ell, in the County of Cum, bcrland.

12. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Tivetshall Saint Margaret and Tivetshall Saint Mary, in the County of Norfolk.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in Orlingbury, in the County of Northampton.

14. An Act for inclosing Lands in Irlhlingborough, in the County of Northampton.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Quam, otherwise QuarrJsn. in the County of Derby.

7

:6. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

16. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Brome, Oakley, Tbrandejlonf Ttxley, and Eye, in the County of Suffolk.

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Priorfdcan and Colmar, otherwise Colemore, in the County of Southampton.

18. An Act to enable the Reverend Thomas a Beckett, and his Issue Male, to take the Name, and bear the Arms of Turner, pursuant to the Will of Martha Turner, Widow, deceased.

19. An Act for naturalizing Charles Frederick Pafchoud.

20. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Parts of the entailed Estates of Carbiston and Pitcairly, in the Counties of Ayr and Fife, in Scotland, belonging to James Cathcart, Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts act'efting the same.

21. An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing and draining Lands within the Honor, Manor, and Parish of Wortncgay, in the County of Norfolk.

22. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Luton, in the County of Bedford.

23. An Act for inclosing North Heath Common, in the Parish of Pulborcugh, in the County of Sussex.

24. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bredon, in the County of Worcester.

*5. An Act to amend an Act, made in the Thirty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cartmel, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

26. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Eafntgwold, in the North Riding of the County of York.

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Carlton, in the Parish of Coverham, in the North Riding of the County of York.

28. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Townships or Liberties of Worn-born, Orton, and Swindon, in the Parish of Womborn, in the County of Stafford.

29. An Act for inclosing Lands in Blisworth, in the County of Northampton.

30. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Swineshead, in the County of Huntingdon.

31. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Winterbourne Wajle, otherwise Monckton, in the County of Dorset.

32. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Winterbourne Abbas, in the County of Dorset.

33. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hmkerton, in the County of Wilts.

34. An Act for inclosing, and exonerating from Tithes, Lands in the Parishe* of Strelley and Bilborough, in the County of Nottingham.

35. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Byford, in the County of Hereford.

36. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Bolton, in the County of Westmorland.

37. Ah

8

(Local& Personal, not printed) 48° GEO. III.

37. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Clcy next the Sea and Field Balling, in the County of Norfolk.

38. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Harlington, in the County of Bedford.

39. An Act to alter, amend, and explain an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Land, in the Parish of Llandeniolcn, in the County of Carnarvon.

40. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chute, in the County of Wilts.

41. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ashmanhaugh, in the County of Norfolk.

42. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ncatifhead, in the County of Norfolk.

43. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of North Walfham and Felming-bam, in the County of Norfolk.

44. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bifthopftrozu, in the County of Wilts; and also a Common Pasture, called Pitmead, in the said Parish, and the Parishes of Warminster, Norton Bavant, and Sutton Veny, in the said County.

45. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Upton cum Chalvey, in the County of Buckingham.

46. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet of Act on Upthorpe, and in the Parish of Aston Tirrold, in the County of Berks.

47. An Act for inclosing Lands in Great Crogli/t, in the County of Cumber laud.

48. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Claxton and Rockland, in the County of Norfolk.

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Codford Saint Peter, in the County of Wilts.

50. An Act for naturalizing John Henry Stein.

31. An Act for naturalizing John Frederick Ufko.

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Saighton, in the CouRty Palatine of Chester.

53. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Deerhurst and Lye, otherwise Leigh, in the County of Gloucester.

54. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Langford, in the Counties of Berks and Oxford; or one of them.

55. An Act for embanking the Salt Marshes in the Parishes of Frleflon and But-temick, in the County of Lincoln, and for inclosing the fame, and other Lands within the said Parishes.

56. An Act for vesting the settled Estates of John Ingle, and Margaret his Wife, in Trustees to be sold, and for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as the Estates foU.

3

li

57. An

A TABLE of the STATUTES

$7- An A<£\ for enabling the Heirs of Entail in Possession for the Time being of the Lands and Ellate of Rothiemurchus, in the County of Inkierness, North Britain, under the Authority of the Court of Session, to contract for the Sale of the Fir Woods growing thereon, and for the better Execution and Fulfilment of the Powers and Conditions contained in the Deed of Entail affecting the said Lands and Estate.

58. An Act for altering and amending an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Township of Fulbourn, in the County of Cambridge.

59. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of kVarefey, in the County of Huntingdon, and for allotting Lands in the Parish of Gamlingay, in the County of Cambridge.

60. An Act for allotting and dividing Lands in the Parish of Girton, in the County of Cambridge.

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Fylingdales, in the County of York.

62. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of West Markham, in the County of Nottingham.

63. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Portchester, otherwise Porch fer, in the County of Southampton.

64. An Act to alter and amend an Act, passed in the Thirty-fevemh Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Hillamy in the Parish of Monk Fryfton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

65. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor or Parish of Skegby, in the County of Nottingham.

66. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Tregrug, in the County of

Monmouth.

67. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parishes of Fulmodcfton with Crouton, Stib-bard. Little Ryburgh, and Great Rybargh, in the County of Norfolk.

68. An Act to amend an Act of His present Majesty, for inclosing a certain Warren called Sherfield Warren, in the Parish or Sherfteld English, in the County of Southampton.

69. An Act for naturalizing Albertina Haafe and Sophia Haafe.

70. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gamfton, in the County of

Nottingham.

71. An Aid for inclosing Lands in the several Pari (lies of Llanbedrog, Llanft-

hangel, Bachelleth, Llangian, and Llaniejiyn, in the County of Carnarvon.

72. An Act for vesting the Real, Freehold, and Chattel Estates and Lands, which formerly belonged to William Birmingham, late of RofshiU, in the County of Galway, Ei'quire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies, and for laying out the Surplus of the Monies arising from such Sale or Sales, after Payment of such Debts and Legacies, in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Ireland, to be limited and settled to the several Uses and upon the Trulls therein mentioned.

9

73. An

{Local ds? Personal, not printed) 48° GEO. III.

73. An Act to enable the Executrix and Executors in Trull of the Will of Alexander Deane to grant Leases of Lands and Grounds in the City of Cork. and in the Liberties of the said City, and to apply the Rents and Profits thereof to the Uses of the said Will.

74. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Ardington, in the County of Berks, and in the several Parishes, Tythings, or Hamlets of East Hendred, West Hendred, East Lee hinge, West Lockinge, and Stcventon, in the same County.

75. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Little Somerford, In the County of Wilts.

76. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Reverend Charles Majfy with Mary Anne Ro/slewin his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

77. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of South Cerney, in the County of Gloucester.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

INDEX

TO THK

LOCAL and PERSONAL ACTS,

48° geo. m.

fj- All the A its, the Purpose of which is not here specially dated, are Road Act*; All the Acts are indexed under erery Head occurring in the Title.

A.

Aberbrothock, (Forfar) Beer and Ale

Aberdeen (House of Correction)

Abergele (Denbigh) Inclosure A Cion, N. L. Esq. and others (Building Leases) Alloa (Clackmannan)

Amphlett, J. Esq. and Wife (Marriage Settlement) Anlaby (Kingston-upon-Hu/l)

Aibford (Kent)

Ashton under-Lyne (Lancaster) Small Debts Alton, H. H. Esq. (Estates)

Ashby, (Kildare)

Attercliffe (York)

Avon River (Glouecjler) rebuilding Bridge

B.

Bainton Balk (York)

Banks W. Esq. (Sale of Estates)

Barnsley (Canal)

Barton Waterside House (Lincoln)

Bawdefwell and Ling (Norfolk) Inclosure Berwick-upon-Tweed (Pier and Harbour) Beverley (York)

- '--- Lighting -

Biddenden (Kent)

Birmingham (Canal)

Birtles (Chester)

Blackburn (Lancaster)

Blidworth (Nottingham)

Bodham ;Norfolk) Inclosure Bonner, T. Esq. (Sale of Estates)

Boundgate (Kent)

Bowfdon Burn (Northumberland)

[I]

Chap.

*4

20

83

123

54

122 S3 19 .98 73 S3 5* 62

27

118

>3

24

80

104

27

87

19

49

64

33

S7

84

JS5

19

<5o

INDEX TO THE LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS.

Bread (Assize) -

Brighthelmstone (Suffix)

Bristol (Port of)

Buntingfield Nook (Derby)

Burgate (Suffolk) Rectory -

Burton Stone (York) -

Burwaih (Sussex)

Bury St. Edmunds (Suffolk) ' -

Chap,

7» f 29 \ ioi

it

3«

140

7

4

5

C.

Canal Navigations (See Names of the respective Places).

Canafton Bridge (Pembroke)

Carefwell, Edw. (Charity)

Cailifle (Cumberland)

Carlow -

Carlow E. (See Catherlough).

Cartlet Bridge (Pembroke)

Catherlough, Earl (Sale of Estates)

Castlecomer (Kilkenny)

Chapel Allerton (York) Inclosure Charnwood, otherwise Charley (Leicester) Inclosure Checkley (Stafford) Inclosure -

Chertsey (Surrey), allotting Lands

Chester -

1

Chesterfield (Derby)

Chipping Mitton Inclosure -

Chudletgh (Devon), rebuilding

Church Lane (Stafford) -

Clitheroe (Lancaster)

Cloth Sealing (Yorkshtre)

Codlheath Hundred (Kent) Small Debts Coke, T. W. Esq. (Estates)

Colchester (Essex) Waterworks Commercial Insurance Company (Dublin)

Cook, T. K. (Sale of Estates)

Crqpiford Bridge (Derby)

Crofter, J. Esq. (Sale of Estates)

Croydon (Canal)

Croydon (Surrey)

Cuckfield Road (Sussex) -

*39

144

28

55

J47

117

33

*35

130

67

90

38

56

79

89

90

33

69

5°

75

*37

96

124

3*

102

18

37

101

D.

Damerham, South (Wilts) Small Debts Daniel Rev. R. (Charity)

De-la-Pole, Sir I.W. Bart. (Sale of Estates) Defpencer, See Le Defpencer.

Ditcheling Boft Hills (Sussex)

Drogheda (Harbour)

Dublin Insurance Company

Dulwich College (Surrey) Building Leases

Dumbarton

E.

Eamont Bridge (Cumberland)

Eafington (York) Inclosure Eafingwold (York)

East London (Water Works)

88

M3

119

39 io 6 96 11<5 17

28

12

7

8

48" GEO. III.

East Retford (Nottingham)

Edgeware Road (Middlesex)

Eoclefall (Tori) Courts Baron Egglcfton Bridge (Durham)

Ely Bishop (Exchange of Livings)

F.

Fcrmoy (Cork) Paving Feversham (Kent)

Flaying Hides -

Fletcher, Sir L.W. Bart. (Estates}

Forfar Aberbrothock (Beer and Ale)

Fofton Bridge (Lincoln)

Foy Dr. (Charity)

Frant

French Protestants Hospitals (Leases)

G.

Gainsborough Bridge (Nottingham)

GaufTen, S. R. Esq. (Veiling Estates)

Gaywood (Norf.fk) Inclosure -

Glasgow (Waterworks)

Gloucester Bridge

Gods Gift Coilege Dulwich (Surrey) Building Leases Godstone (Surrey)

Gorbals Barony (Lanerl) Paving Grand Surrey Canal

Grantham (Lincoln)

Great Walsingham (Norfolk)

Gringley upon the Hill (Nottingham)

H.

Hanging Bridge (Stafford)

Hardwicke Earl (Sale of Estates)

Haslemere (Surrey, Suffix, and Southampton) Hathersage (Derby) Inclosure Henheld Road (Suffix)

Henley upon Thames (Oxford) Bridge Heytesbury (Wilts) Small Debts Hides (flaying) -

High Bridges (Stafford)

Hinckley (Leicester and Derby)

Hobmoor Lane End (York)

Horse Hides (using)

Horton (Stafford) Inclosure Houghton next Walsingham (Norfolk)

Hubberston linking (Pembroke)

Hugget P. (Sale of Estates)

Hull C.Esq. (Exchange of Lands)

Hurftgreen (Suffix)

I.

Ideridgehay (Derby)

Imworth otherwise Imbercourt (Surrey) Inclosure Insurance Company (Dublin)

Inverness ( Bridge, Harbour)

Invernefsshire Winston (Middlesex)

Chap.

25

100

103

1

140

45 19 V

76 14 63

68

77

p ibNA

25

156

55

44

fil

116

37

42

99

63

39 2 5

34

141

138

.,129

iot

hi

88

71

34

10

26

7i

132

39

J39

251

>49

4

3l

J34

96

4t

IOJ

100

INDEX TO THE LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

K.

Kelso (Roxburgh)

'Leaded House (Turk)

Kdyberry Bridge Devon)

K'V Street [Kent)

Kilbourne Bridge (Middlesex)

Killingworth Farm (settling)

Kilmarnock (Ayrefbtre) Radway King’s Lynn (Norfolk) Huspitals Kingston upon Hull

- (Small Debts)

Kingston upon Thames (Surrey) Inclosure Kinross

Kirk Ella (Kings on upon 'Hull)

Kirk Smeaton (Tori) Inclosure Kirkby Lonsdale (H'ejlmorland) Inclosure Knot Cross (Derby)

L.

Langley Mill (Derby)

Lauder (Berwick)

Le Defpencer Lord (settling Estates)

Lee B. Esq. (Building Leases)

Leeds (Tcrk)

Legh, T. P. Esq (Granting Leases)

Leighlin Bridge (Carlow)

Leominster (Hereford) Inclosure Lewes (Sussex) Shire Hall Little Walsingham (Norfolk)

London, Bishop of (Leases)

Londonderry (Harbour, Small Debts) Loudoun Countess Exchange of Estates) Loveftone Mountain (Pembroke)

Lufton (Hereford) Inclosure

M.

Macclesfield (Chester)

Maidstone (Kent)

Manchester (Small Debts)

- (Infirmary)

Mansfield (Derby)

- (Nottingham)

Marchburn -

Maiden (Hereford) Inclosure -

Maynooth College (purchasing Lands, &c.)

Melbourne Common (Leicester and Derby)

Melliih W. and C. Esquires (Exchange of Glebe Lands)

Merlins Bridge (Pembroke)

Middleton inTeefdale (Durham)

Milfield Burn (Northumberland)

Milford (Pembroke) - 7o<*

- (Surrey, Sttjpx, and Southampton)

Minera (Denbigh) Inclosure Mintlyn (Norfolk) Inclosure Moira Earl, (Exchange of Estates)

Molescroft (York)

Mofley, Sir O. Bart. (Granting Lands)

Chip.

112

37

66

52

100

15%

46

22

53 109 134

54 53

152

78

38

3*

112

72

123

15

120

55

148

107

39

142

135

*54

139

148

64

53

43

127

r 38

J 57

L 59 112

95 HS 10 125

r "4

\ 147

1

60

>47

138

16 35 1.54 27 127

1 4:

NetherTabley (CheJItr)

Nefs ( Bridge)

NewChappel (Surrey)

Newcastle under Lyne (Stafford) a

Newington St. Mary (Surrey) Poor Newton (Cambridge) Draining Lands Northallerton (York)

Nottingham

O.

Ormonde and OfTbry, Earl, (Estates)

Oxford (Canal)

P.

Paddington (Building Leases)

Pancras St. (Paving)

Paul J. Esq. (Partition of Lands)

Pembroke

Pembroke Ferry (Pembroke)

Penrith (Cumberland)

Percy Cross (Northumberland)

Pinxton Green (Nottingham)

Portrack (Durham) Navigation Poffingworth (Great Wood)

Poynings Common (Sussex)

Preston (Lancaster)

Pyecomb (Sussex)

R.

Ribchester (Lartcaster) Inclosure Ringles Cross (Sussex)

Rifeham Edge Corner (Lincoln)

Rochester (Kent) Small Debts Roman Catholick College at Maynooth Romford (Essex)

Rothbury (Northumberland) Inclosure Rotherham (York)

Rothley Plain (Leicester) Inclosure r Roundav (York) -

s.

Salford Bridge (Lancrjler)

Saint Asaph (Flint and Denbigh) Inclosure — Giles’s Pound (Middlesex)

M John Baptist College (Oxford) Exchange

- Jo.hn Beverley (York) Drainage

- Luke (Jff 'tddlesex) Pcor

- Mary Newington (Surrey) Poor

- Pancras (Middlesex) Paving ' -

- Saviour Southwark (Surrey) Poor

Scole Bridge (Suffolk)

Scotter (Lincoln) Inclosure StHions House Lewes (Sussex) rebuilding Severn Ham Meadow (Tcwkefuury) Failure of Shalldon (Devon) -

INI':EX TO THE LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

Sheffield (I'cri) Court Baron Shipley (Suffix) Inclosure SJircwfbury (Denbigh)

Simonburn Church (Northumberland) Presentation

Skidiey (JVi) Drainage

Skins

Small. Debts, Recovery.

—<-— A 111'on under Lyne (Lancaster) and Staylcy (Cheffer)

- Codiheath Hundred (Kent)

- *-----Kinj.lton upon Hull -

t- - —----- Londonderry (City)

- Manchester -

- Roche (ter (Kent)

- Strood (Kent)

- Wcltbury, Wavminlter, Hcytelbury, and Damerham

(South Wilts)

- Wolverhampton (Stafford)

Snailwell Advotvfon and Rectory South Witham (Lincoln)

Spath (Stafford) -

Spernal Alh (Warwick)

Spicer J. W. Esq. (Leases)

Stainton (Pembroke)

Stamford (Lincoln)

Stapleton Common (ruffex)

Stayley (Chester) Small Debts Stockton (Durham) Navigation Stone (Stafford) Inclosure Strood (Kent) Small Debts Stubbing Edge Lane (Derby)

Studley (Birmingham)

Sullington (Suffix) Inclosure Surrey (Canal)

Sutton St. Michael (Hereford) Inclosure -----St. Nicholas (Henford) Inclosure

Swiftfden

Chap.

103

36

67

>57

40

7i

98

50

109 13<7 43 S» ib.

88

no

140

»3

34

3°

74

>47

>>3

iox

98 48

94 S* 3s 30 3<S

99

95 ib.

68

T.

TaJcaster Bridge (Tori)

Tavernspite (Pembroke)

Tecs River (Durham) Navigation Tenby (Pembroke)

Tervkelbury (Glocester) rebuilding Bridge

- I-----Inclosure

Thakeham (Stiffx) Inclosure Tharp John (Exchange of Advotvfon)

Thirflc (Tori)

Thurlow Lord (Sale of Estate?) -

Tid St. Giles (Cambridge) Drainage Tid St Mary’s (Lincoln) Drainage Tilbury Fort (Pffex)

TopclifiTe (York)

Torquay Harbour (Devon)

Troon (Ayrffoire) Railway

Tunbridge Wells (Kent)

Tupton Nether Green (Derby)

26

>39

48

>39

62

*53

36

140

7

>>5

23

ib.

92

- 7

65 46

_/ 6> (. 68 38

Uttoxeter (Stafford)

Vere J. H. (Building Leases)

U. Sc V.

34

126

48° GEO. III.

W.

Warminster [Wilts) Small Debts Walsingham Great and Little (Inclosure)

Waterford (Dr.Foy’s Charity)

Waterworks (East London)'

Watling Street Road (Salop and Stafford)

Watlirigton ' Oxford) Inclosure Weitbury (Wilts) Small Debts Whitechapel Road (Middlesex)

Wicldewood (Norfolk) Dividing Lands,

Winchester (Paving)

Wirksworth (Derby) -

Witham Common (Lincoln)

Witham (I.innJh) Driinage and Navigation Withington (Hereford) Inclosure

Wolverhampton (Stafford) Small Debts " -

Wooller (Northumberland)

Woolwich (Kent) supplying Water and erecting Market House Woor (Chester) -

Worcester (Canal)

Worksop (Nottingham)

Wortley (Tcrk) -

Wrexham (Denbigh) Inclosure -

- Road

Wrotham Heath (Kent)

Chap.

88

39

121

8

- 6S 128 88 92

2

3i

63

ioS

95

no

6o

146

90 49 5& 58

91 16 67

37

- :-----1-----;-----J-----

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 1808.

ANNO REGNI

GEORG 11 HI,

Britanmarum Regis,

QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty-second Day of June, Anno Domini 1807, in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith:

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Twenty-first Day of Jayiuary 1808, being the SECOND SESSION Of the FOURTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. ioo3.

OVATOQ f* M WO0, ft A " P 07

v; . r*- -

, >( <J

snijKjv* 10) i.i ' . r>\

-A^vrt tii (ttav^&Wl©nm- C ari me;: avti s-£j t£Y ball^Nrfiulobnl waVI aHi m s is> aiij.oa boc jWsAWK? \tvu& 'io xili ieU ad:, ni

3jdj_iii fijyrf'i j moibwrb xbfieiH a

[ . 8c rta t i ]

iiisoi" sgntfi: ‘.l£ i.S ,^l3(f^ <!»]'>tq ?irl ' \f\

ifj ’, M :«tH yri- tiio^ gnlfcl|>l I *c*M v- f* r i.cqrH c; > -

tP\; V- !. f. y T(!!f. . -.'h ,34*K^ ' Ml ' 'uVv'f +>r ' ' ' i-' V

) »jt icsii sdJ bs.1o u:tr,f:»i? td .!.*i- i*i *.*:

tofl jrf) ifi5n >: ficoil fcy.'. irlt r. ifpsw ‘ - ( /I’fdO

tUI iii 9Dfitiflti»| oi Hns'ooftiv !Mioitjr «i nbadjj

no ' io £{jj, 8 jIr1j.T3|bjlnoilsri'/»l i-^WnoM i-«r ,: 4»

la. . I jA’i ialiV! ......v ' i.

« '

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. i.

An Act to continue and amend an Act of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Middleton, in Teesdale, to the Gate in the New Inclosures called The Edge, in the Parish of Saint Andrews Auckland; and a Branch therefrom to Eggleston Bridge, in the County of Durham. [nth March 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty-second Year of the jiG. 3 Reign of His present Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Hoodgate at the West End of the Town of Middleton in Teesdale, in the County of Durham, to the Gate in the New Inclosures called the Edge, near the Collieries called West Pitts, in the Parish of Saint Andrews Auckland, in the same County, and also a Branch from the said Road at or near the Head of the Town of Eggleston to Eggleston Bridge over the River Tees, several Tolls and Duties were granted and made payable, and divers Powers and Authorities were given for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Road; which said Act was to have continuance for the Term of Years therein mentioned: And whereas by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited Act, the Trustees appointed to put the fame in Execution, have proceeded therein, and borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby granted; and the Money so borrowed still remains due and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, unless the Tolls and Powers granted by the said [Loe. b Per.] A 2 Aft

c. 117.

4

Former Act continued.

Former Tolls to cease.

New Tolls.

4b0 GEORGII III. Cap. i.

Act be enlarged, altered, and continued for a further Term: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted 7 and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords' Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present ParliamJpf assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act passed in the Thlrty-second Year of the Reigfi of His present Majesty and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Exemptions, and Provisions therein contained1 (except so far as the same are hereby enlarged, altered or repealed), and also the Powershnd Provisions in this Act contained shall be and continue in full force and effect for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, which said Term hereby granted shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon Credit of the said Act, and of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be borrowed for the Purposes of this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Twelfth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eight, the several Tolls and Duties granted and made payable by the said recited Act shall cease and be no longer paid; and that in lieu thereof there shall be demanded, received, and taken from thenceforth, during the Continuance of this Act, the several Tolls and Duties herein-after mentioned, that is to say;

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calash, Curricle, or Hearse, drawn by Five, Six, or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings:

And for every such Carriage drawn by Three or Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence:

And for every such Carriage drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Eight-pence:

And for every such Carriage or Chair, or other such Two-wheeled Carriage, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the: um of Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of all the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Nine Inches or more, and so flat cr level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a, flat Surface, and having the interior Diameter of each Wheel not deviating from the exterior Diameter thereof more than One-f:;ith Part of the Breadth of the Sole or Bottom of the Felly, and drawn by Eight Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

And drawn by Seven Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three pence:

And drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

And drawn by Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Suin of Nine-pence:

And drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence:

And drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence

And

9

5

4-S8 GEORGII III. Cap.r.

And drawn by Two Horses or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence Halfpenny:

And drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of One-penny Halfpenny:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of all the Wheels 'thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, and lb flat or level as not to deviate more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, and having the interior Diameter of each Wheel riot deviating from the exterior Diameter thereof more than One-sixth Part of the Breadth of the Sole or Bottom of the Felly, and drawn by Eight Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence:

And' drawn by Seven Horses or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

And drawn by Six Horses or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence:

And drawn by Five Horses or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

And drawn by Four Horses or Other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence:

And drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Seven-pence:

And drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

And drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Twopence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other fuel! Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of any of the Wheels thereof of less Breadth than Six Inches, or debating more than Half an Inch from a flat Surface, or having the Interior Diameter of any' Wheel 'deviating from the exterior Diameter thereof, more than One-sixth Part of the Breadth of the Sole or Bottom of the Felly, and drawn by Eight Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings:

And drawn determined by Seven Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine pence:

And drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

And drawn by Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence:

And drawn by Four Horses or other Bealls of Draught, the sum of One Shilling:

And drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Fight-pence:

And drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

And drawn by. One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Two, pence Halfpenny: ,

For every Horse, Marej Gelding, Mule or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Five-pence the Score, and so in Proportion for a greater or less Number:

[Lee. & Per.]

For

To be recovered and applied in the same Manner as the former Tolls.

TvemptionJ from Tolls.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

Fof every Drove of Calves, Hods, Goats, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Three-pence per Score, and so in proportion for a greater or less Number, when the fame exceeds Five.

Which said Tolls and Duties in and by this Act granted and made payable as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby vested in the Truilecs for the Time being for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and shall be paid, received, and taken at the Toll Bar or Toll Bars erected or to be crested upon or on the Side of the said Roads, in such Manner, and shall be paid, levied, applied, disposed of, and assigned for such Uses and Purposes, and in such Manner, as the Tolls and Duties granted by the said recited Act are thereby authorized and directed to be received, paiJ, levied, applied, disposed of, and assigned, except as by this Act is otherwise directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Exemption or Exemptions from the several Tolls and Duties granted and made payable by the said recited Act, shall ccafe and be no longer allowed, and that in lieu thereof the several Exemptions from Tolls herein-after mentioned shall be allowed, that is to say; That no Tolls shall be demanded or taken for any Horse or Carriage passing through any of the Turnpike Bars erected upon or on the Side of the said Roads, carrying or conveying Stone, Bricks, Lime, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials to be used on or about the said Roads, or for the repairing any Highways in the Parishes, Townships, Districts, or Places, which are liable to perform Statute Duty upon any Part of the said Roads, nor returning Empty when so employed; nor carrying or conveying Hay, Corn in the Straw, or other Produce of the Lands lying within the said Parishes, Townships, Districts, or Places, to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or Yards, be'unging to the Inhabitants of and situate within the said Parishes, Townships, Districts, or Places; nor any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry, to be used in the Cultivation of such Lands; nor any Lime or Manure which shall be brought from the said Parishes, Townships, Districts, or Places', to be used or laid upon Lands within the same; nor returning Empty when so employed; nor shall any Toll be paid by any Rector or officiatingMinister of, or otherl’erfonor Persons residing in, the said Parishes, Townfnipe, Districts, or I lacc6, who shall pass through the said Turnpike Bars to or from Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship; or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and Reburied in any of the said Parishes, Townships, Districts, or Places, nor for any Hones, Mares, Geldings, Mules, Atles, or Cattle, which are kept within such Parishes. Townships, Districts, or Places, going to or returning trom Work in cultivating the Lands within the same; nor for any Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, Asses, Cattle, Sheep, Lambs, Goats, vr Hogs, which are to be kept within the said Parishes, Townships, Districts, or Places, going to or returning from Pasture, the Commons or other

f;raxing. Grounds, or Watering Places or Blacksmiths Shops within the a me; of in bringing Peats, Turf, or Heather from off the Moors belonging

gthe.fi.: i a: for the Use of the Inhabitants thereof; nor’.for any Horses or arriages ofwhatsoever Description employed or to be employed in con-yeying the , Mails of-Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Post Mailer General either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the fame, or in returning back from conveying the fame, 9 or

7

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap.'i.

or for the Horses of Soldiers on the March, or on Duty, or Carriages, or Horses, or other Beads, employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of such Soldiers, or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by, or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption, or for any Carriage, Horse, or other Bead, employed in the conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Passes, or travelling with Vagrants lent by legal Pades; nor for any Horse, or Carriage going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Durham, on the Day or Days of such Election or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled thereto, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall with To prevent any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Cattle, Goats, Sheep, Lambs, ^[J'ns the Hogs, or Carriage whatsoever, passover any uninclosed Ground or Common

near any Gate or Turnpike Bar erected or to be erected upon or on the Side of the said Roads, whereby the Payment of the said Tolls or any Part thereof shall be avoided, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the othei- Moiety Ilia 11 be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and be applied so? the Purposes of this

a ft.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or be"rected*for more of them, shall have full Power and Authority to make or erect, or that rurpose. cause to be made, erected, repaired, and maintained, any Ditch, Wall,

or other Fence across or upon any Moor, Waste, or Common Lands, to prevent the Evasion of the said Tolls; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, or to prefer or order the preferring of an Indictment or Indictments agairil any Person or Persons who shall injure, pull down, or destroy the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act Regulations as relates to the Performance of Statute Labour on the said Road shall be form ante of1" and the fame is hereby repealed, and that all Persons who by Law are or Statute outy. shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads comprized in the said recited Act, or

any Part thereof, shall Hill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore, and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Durham, and they are hereby required and empowered upon Application made to them by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective

4.8’ GEORG! I III. Cap. I.

respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor, or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer or Treasurer®; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the Publick Highways; and oat of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Kaytime or Harvest) and on such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall fcom Time.to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu oFor as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered byDiftrefsand Sale of the Goods and Chattels or.ihe respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Act authorized or directed to be recovered, and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do fitch Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose by any Surveyor so the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Hones, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by hint, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or persons may be subject or lia'bh? to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the pivblick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be featwiA any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor,to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Petlbn who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be tubjelt and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any <?f the said Paxifhes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give

9

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Lessee of the Tolls to be How Poflef-demanded and taken by virtue of this Act, or any Gatekeeper, shall refuse to deliver up Possession of any Turnpike Gateor Toll House erected or to be recovered be erected upon or on the Side of the said Roads, after the Expiration of his Lease, or after Non-payment of Rent for Ten Days after Demand thereof.

One Justice may by his Warrant order a Constable, with such Afliftanee as shall be necessary, to enter the Toll House and Premises in the Day Time, and remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods, out of such House.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That any Lease or Demise of the Tolls Lease ef now subsisting and unexpired shall cease, determine, and become void on the Twelfth Day of May One t'noufand eight hundred and eight; Provided nevertheless, That the Tuftees for carrying this Act into Effect, or any Five or more of them, may and they are hereby authorized to renew or continue any Lease or Demise of the said Tolls to any Person or Persons holding the fame, for and during the then unexpired Term granted by the fame, on such Conditions as shall be agreed upon.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, which shall amounting to belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggre- *°o1, gate or Sole, Feoffees in Trull, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, Femes Covert, or other incapacitated Person or Persons, such Money shall if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account Ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be paid under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

(landing settled to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by order of the Court of Chancery, upon Ap-[Lcc. & Per.] C plication

to

Application when the Com pen fat; on is lei's than aool. and exceeds »cl.

Application when the Money is lets than 20I,

In case of not making out Titles.

4o° GEORGII III. Cap. r.

plication thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three per Centum Consolidated or Three per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being' have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or nfed for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Body Politic, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Inca-paciiy as aforesaid, Aral 1 be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed or assessed to be paid as hereinbefore mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Act or this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded or assessed for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall rel’use to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded or assessed as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled

to

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovsred, then and in every such Case it fit all be lawful for the said Trustees to order the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded or assessed as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank c f England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parlies interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m) subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sutn or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a funnnary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to t tie fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invelted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Mates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cadders of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are herebyjrequired to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall aril'e touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and dil posed of accordingly, unless i: shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the F.xpences of all Purchases from i'ime to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of

Persons in Possession shall be deemed well entitled unless the contrary be shewn.

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Pnrchafes to be paid by Trustees.

Expences of the Act.

[Publick Act.]

Commencement and Continuance of the Act.

4S# GEORGII III. Cap. i.

of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Coils and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, together with legal Intereil for Money advanced by any Person or Persons for that Purpose, shall be paid out of the first Money to be raised by virtue of the said recited Act and of this Act, or either of them.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others without being specially pleaded.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the Day the same shall receive the Royal Aifent, and shall continue in force for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*4*«it*t*

Cap. 2.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers ofan A A of His present Majesty, for paving, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Streets and public Passages in the City of Winchester, and several Parishes in the Suburbs thereof; and for removing and preventing Nuisances therein. [i ith March 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the letter Act u G.3. paving, repairing, cleaning, lighting, and watching the Streets c,9* end other public Poss ages within the City of Winchester, and also within the several Parishes of Saint Bartholomew Hide, Saint John’s in the Soke,

Saint Peters Cheefchill, S tint Swithin, and Saint Michael in the West Soke, in the Suburbs of the said City; end for preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, and for widening and rendering the fame more commodious: And whereas such Part only of the Parish of Saint Thomas as is situate within the Liberties of the said City is comprized in the said recited Act, and it is expedient that the Powers of the said Act and this Act should be extended over the Whole of the said Parish: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act have been found in some respects in-sufficient, and it is necessary that the fame should be altered and amended, and further Powers granted: May it therefore please Your Majesty,

That it may be enacted i and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and [Loc. & Per.~\ D Temporal,

Former Ail to remain ill force.

Commission-

trJ.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. u

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Matters, Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Provifiuns, Articles, Rules, Penalties, and Clauses therein contained (except so much thereof as relates to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and except so far as the same are not hereby varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and continue in full Force and EtFeft, to all Intehts and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re.-natted in the Body of this Act 1 and shall, together w.th the Powers and Authorities hereby granted, extend to that Part of the Parish of Saint Thomas situated beyond the Liberties of the said Cttv, in such and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been included in the said reeited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the City of H'ihchejlef for the Time being, George Anderson, William Fleet-wood Bury, Jofbua Brookman, James Brookman, Thomas Wooljloncroft Bower, John Blake, Robert Bayefpole, James Bale, Joseph Charker, John Comp ten. Mat tin iv Cape, Jmts Coates, William Cave, William Cave the younger, John Gave, Grrvfge William Chard, John Downes, John Dowling, Thomas Dowling, Thomas Deane, William Druitt, Daniel Dipnall, Joseph Dewell, Samuel Deverell, John Dofwell, Henry Doller, John Earle, William Earle, George Earle, John Navajtre Earle, Get rye heacbem, William Faithful!, John Faithfull, William Goater, Harry Green, Reverend Doit01 Goddard, William Gauntlett, Christopbtr Gaunt hit, George Hollis, William Hajkoll, John Hughes, Richard Hopkins, Thomas Hayes, George Hayes, William Hutchinson, Charles Hill, Bryant Wickham Holloway, Reverend John Hopkins, Hairy Rewi nd Harley, Peter Jones, Robert jcfelt, William Jacob, William Knapp, Peter Kerby, William Kernvt, Henry Lucas, Reverend Harry Lee, John Littlehs/es Debtor of Medicine, Giles King Eyford, George Malkin, Thumas Mufpratt, jefon Mean, GdbrielMtmdy, Robert Moody, Reverend William Hill Neiabo/t, Thomas tteietfn; John Paul, Robert Peaty, Timothy Denham Rirtnock, Nitin>.as, Pyle, Robert Pickering, George Rogers, William Rogers, Robert Rogers, Re'Oefetid ChaYlis Richards, James Robbins, John Shenton, William Shr*ten, Thoitas WalterSuilb, JebtoSnith, Robert Sear/e, Reverend Henry Sifmore, John Stabingion JThcmts'itokes, Richard HallTombs, AntbonyTcid, ThoauuVi*n, Jokn Jpbiie, William Nicholas Wickham, Richard Wooldridge, Thomas Wooldridge, Charles Woolarhlgc, James Watkins, Janies Woollf, Edward Woods, Reverend NiiholasWef combe, Charles Wright, NicholasWailer, Charles Wdls, Reverend John WaJbtfigton, Henry Woodward, Joint Woodward, Rstvevaa^Thomas Watkins, John Willis, William Young, John Young, James Yeung, and their Suc-Ttffors, shall be and they are beithy appointed Commissioners for carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution; such Commissioners being rClpeftively duly qualified, and taking and subscribing the Oath or AfiirWiation, in the Words or to the Purport herein-afttr mentioned and rcqtiiied j and in case of the Death of any of the above Commissioners, Or fofhe or one of them, or of removing their Residence from the said City hhd Parishes aforesaid, or of their Refold 1 or Neglect to act for the Space of O.ie whole Year, cr in case either of them Until be chosen Mayor or Alderman for the said City, it shall and may be lawful Tor The surviving Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, from Time To Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to deft iome other Person qualified in the Manner after-mentioned, in the Place or Stead of the Commissioner so dying, removing, neglecting, or refusing

] to

48° GEORGIII III. Cap. 2. tj

to act, or being chnfen Mayor or Alderman, Ten Days Notice of the Time and P.ace of Meeting for every such Election being given ip Wifo ing, signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners for the Time being, and affixed to some public Place within the said City; and every Person so elected, shall from the Time of his Election have the fame Power and Authority for putting this Act into Execution, as if he had been expressly named and appointed a Commissioner by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of Qualification acting as a Commissioner in any Case in the Execution of the said Act or fionei*TmU' this Act, who shall not in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, be in the actual Possession, Enjoyment, and Receipt of the Rents ana Profits of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, firuats within the said City, or the Suburbs thereof, of the clear yearly Valuf of Twenty Pounds (above Reprifes and Incumbrances), or pcffified of such Estate or Estates as last mentioned, and a Personal Estate jointly, or a Personal Estate alone, to the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds over and above the Amount of his Debts; nor shall any Person be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said Adf or this Act, except in administering the Oath or Affirmation to the President of the First Meeting, until he shall have taken and fobferjbed, before One or more of the said Commissioners, (who is apd jire hereby empowered to administer die fame), an Oath or Affirmation'in the Word* or to the Effect following:

I A.B. do swear, [or, being one of the People called Quakerst do °*th-

-* lolemnly declare and affirm]. That I am really and bend fide, in my

own Right, [or, in the Right of my Wife, as the Caje may he], now in the actual PossessioQ, Enjoyment, and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Mefiunges, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fittute within the City of Wit/ehefier, or the Suburbs thereof, [as the Case may be]

of the clear yeajly Value of Twenty Pounds above Reprizes and Incum-‘ brances; or polftfied of such Estate or Estates as last mentioned, and ‘ a Personal Estate jointly, or a Personal Estate alone, to the Amount or

Value of One thousand Pounds over and above what will pay all my

just Debts; and that I will truly and impartially, according to the belt

of my Skill and Judgement, execute and perform all and every the Powers and Authorities repofid in me as a Commissioner by virtue of Two Act', passed in the Eleventh and Foity-eighth Years of the ‘ Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here fit forth

the Titles of the Adds.]

So help me GOD.’

And if any Person not qualified in Manner herein-before mentioned to 9ft Penalty on as a Commissioner, shall presume to act as such in the Execution of the oSuiSed.a-Powers hereby and by the said Act given, or any of them, every such Per- ing as Comson shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, rrum°n'f‘-to be recovered, on the Information or Prosecution of any Person or Persons whomsoever, with full Costs of Suit, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill,

Suir, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Proreftion, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and every Person so lued or prosecuted shall prove thac he was, at the Time of acting, qualified as akiresaid, or other wile shall pay the said Penalty, without any other

lb 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prose* cutor than that such Person had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said Act and this Act, and the Money so to be recovered shall, after Payment of the Coffs and Expences attending the Recovery thereof, be paid as follows (that is to say), One Moiety thereof to the Informer or Prosecutor, and the other Moiety thereof to the Treasurer to be appointed by virtue of the said Act and this Act, to be by him applied to the Purposes thereof, and in case any Commissioner for the Time being (except the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen of the said City for the Time being) shall refuse or neglect to act in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, at any Time for the Space of One whole Year, then the Office of such Commissioner so refusing or negkding to ad shall become void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if he were actually dead.

CuTfe in fV. And whereas it is' by the said recited Act enacted, that the Com-

i^ Geo!*. c. 9. niissioners, or any Seven or more of them, should at any Meeting make, vary, alter, or make void, any Orders, Rules, or Regulations, provided that no Order, Rule, or Regulation, should be revoked, altered, or made void, unless the Commissioners present to revoke, vary, alter, or make void the fame, should exceed in Number the Commissioners who were prefertt and concurred in making such Order, Rule, or Regulation: And whereas the said Provision has been found inconvenient; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

N© Order to be revoked unless the Number of ConmilHon-ers that made the Order be present.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by the said Commissioners shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless at some Meeting to be holden for that express Purpose, nor unless Notice specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, signed by the Commissioners desiring such Revocation or Alteration, be inferred in some public Newspaper usually circulated in the said City, and also affixed on the Door of the Guildhall within the said City, Ten Days at the lead previous to the Day of holding such Meeting, (exclusive of the Day of giving such Notice, and the Day of such intended Meeting,) ner unless a greater Number of Commissioners shall attend at such Meeting to revoke or alter such Order than were present when the fame was made, nor unless Four Fifths of the Commissioners present shall concur in such Revocation or Alteration.

Repeal of Fart

VI. And whereas by the said recited Act Power is given to the Commis. of Act sioners, or any Nine or more of them, to appoint Treasurers and other u Geo. 3. Officers, and displace them and appoint others in their Room, to take Security from such Treasurers and Officers, and make them Allowances fur their Trouble; and the said Treasurers and Officers are directed to account to the said Commissioners, or any Nine of them; and the said Commissioners, or any Eleven of them, arc authorized to displace any Treasurer or other Officer, and appoint others in their Stead; and certain Provisions are thereby made for accounting for Money received by such Treasurets and Officers, fur recovering the Balances in their Hands, and delivering up Books and Papers belonging to the Commissioners: And whereas no Period is thereby fixed at which the Treasurers or other Officers should deliver in their Accounts to the said CommissionersAnd whereas it has been found impracticable to obtain the Attendance of a Sufficient

Number

r7

48° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 2,

Number cf Commissioners to carry the said recited Clause into Execution; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act ffidi be and the Erne is heteby repealed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and ForAppoint-for the said Cotnmifliuners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time Jfficu. to Time to elect and appoint a Treasurrr and a Clerk, and also One or more Afieffor or Alfi-iTors, Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the Rates or Assessments, to be rjifed and levied by virtue of the said Act and this Act, and also a Surveyor or Surveyors, and such or so many other Officers as they shall find necessary for the Execution of the said Act and this Act; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them,

shall take from every such Treasurer, Collector, and Receiver, such Security as they shall think proper, for the due Execution of his Office; apd it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time to remove, suspend, or displace all or any of such Officers as they shall see Occasion, and appoint another or others in the Room or Place of such of them as shall be to removed, lulpended, or displaced, and also in the Room of such as shall die or resign their respective Offices, and also from Time to Time by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of the said Act and of this Act, to appoint and pay such Salaries, Gratuities, and Allowances, to the re-lpcd‘Ve Officers and to all other Persons who shall be employed by them the ('aid Commissioners in the Execution of the said Act and this Act as they shall jpdge reasonable or proper , and all such Officers so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, under their Hands at such Time and Times and in such Manner as the said Corarrpffioners or any Seven or more of them shall dited, deliver to the said Commissioners, onany Seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true ami ptrfed Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Thitigj committed to their Charge by virtue of the said Act and this Act j. and also of all Monies ythich shall have been by such Officers and Persons respectively received by virtue or for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, and how much {hereof bath or have been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, to* gether with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments and pilbursements, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and all the said Officers and Persons tefpedivtly, shall at the first General Meeting of the Commissioners irf the Month of fybruary yearly (although not thereunto required by the said Commissioners) lay their rCfptidive Accounts before the said Com* puffioners, or any Seven or mote of them, in order that the fame may be audited, pa (Ed, and allowed Uy them, if approved of; ami all the said Officers and Persons respectively so accounting as aforesaid, shall upon Oath (which Oath any Two or more of the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer) vetify their said respective Accounts; and if any such Office* or Perfop shall pot make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Qah any such, Account, or to pruduce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make such Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or to such Person qr Pet(qns as they shall appoint within Eight Days after being fhereunro required by such Commissioners, all Books,

Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the f£04-Ss5 Per.] E Execution

i8 4S° GEORGII III. Gap. 2.

Execution of the said Act and this Act, or give Satisfaction to thtf laid Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, respecting the fame, or shall reiuie or neo|tft to pay such Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or as they shall direct or appoint, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, such Commissioners nfay and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or caul'e to be brought any Action or Actions against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons to neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, for the Recovery of such Books, Papers, and Writings, and also of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners, or any Sevenor more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid to any Justice of the Peace for the said City or County of Southampton, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so refusing or neglecting to be apprehended, and upon his or their appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being found, to hear and determine the Matter of Complaint in a iummary Way; and if, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses, upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or raised by virtue of the said Act and this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may, and he is hereby authorised and required, upon the Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons. can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of distraining and felling the Goods or Chattels distrained, or if it shall, in Manner aforesaid, appear to such Justice that such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall have refused or neglected to render or give such Account or to verify the same as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Bocks, Papers, cr Writings as aforesaid, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, and that he or they shall have neglected or refused to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then, and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, such Justice shall commit every such Offender so appearing, or when found, to the common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of tbtm, and shall have paid such Composition, in such Manner as they shall appoint, (which Composition the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered to make), and until he shall deliver up such Vouchers, Books, Papers, and Writings, as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them: Provided always, that no such Officer or Person who shall be so committed for Want of sufficient Distress shall be detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

i9

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

VIII. And whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that the Scavenger of appointed by the Commissioners acting under the said Act should, as often Act"i* Geo. 3. as the said Commissioners should direct, cause the Footways and Carriage Ways of the Streets, Squares, Lanes, and public Paflagrs, to be raked, scraped, swept, and cleansed, in such Manner as the said Commissioners should think proper; and the Dirt, Soil, and Rubbish then and there found, to take and carry away: And whereas the said Provision, so far as relates to the Footways, has been found inconvenient; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Footways shall be and the fame is hereby repealed*

IX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Occupiers of Houses Directions for or other Buildings in the said several Streets, Lanes, public Passages and

Places, shall, and they are hereby required to cause to be well and fuf- jytwa!'5* ficiently swept and cleansed the Footways or Footpavements before, behind, and at iheS.des of their respective Houses or other Building', (as the Situation thereof shall require), evtry Morning in the Year, be* tween the Hours of Six and Nine of the Clock, upon Pain of forfeiting and paying for every Neglect therein any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings*

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall aftd may be lawful to Rata, and for the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, and they

are hereby authorized and required, once or oftener in every Year, as they shall see Occasion, to cause such Sum and Sums of Money to be raised by a Rate or Assessment on the several Owners or Proprietors of all Houses,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, fuuate, lying, and being within the Limits of the said Act and this Act, not exceeding in the Whole, in any One Year, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence in the Pound of the annual Value of such Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, respectively, such annual Value to be from Time to Time ai'certained by the respective Sums such Houses, Lanus, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be respectively rated at for the Relief of the Poor of the several Pailhes, Liberties, or Places, in which the same shall respectively Hand or be, or in such other Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and the first. Year for which such Rate or Assessment shall be made shall commence on the Feast oi Saint Thomas the Apostle now next ensuing, and the Money thereby to arise shall be paid by equal quarterly Payments to the respective Collectors of the Rates to be appointed as aforesaid, and shall be collecded, levied, paid, accounted for, and applied,

(except where otherwise directed by this Act), in such and the like Manner as the Rates authorized to be from henceforth levied by the said recited Act on the Tenants or Occupiers of Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, are to be collected, levied, paid, accounted for, and appliedi Provided always, that such Rate or Assessment shall not be construed nor deemed nor taken to extend to any Place exempted by the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates or Assessments shall Occupier* t® be paid to the Collector for the Time being appointed by the said Com- omoVrun" missioner', or any Seven or more of them, by the Tenants or Occupiers

of the said Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and such Tenants or Occupiers shall be at Liberty, and are hereby authorized to

deduct

,0

4.S° GEORGII III. Cap. 1.

deduct and detain out of their Rent, the Proportion of fucit Rotes or Assessments as they shall respectively pay on Account of the several Owners or Proprietors of fitch Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-tnents.

Contracts net to affect Payment of Rates.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Contract, Covenant, or Agreement between Landlord and Tenant, or any other Persons, (touching the Payment of Rates, Taxes, and Assessments to be charged on their respective Premises), made or entered into since the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eight, and before the passing of this Act, shall be deemed or construed to extend to the Rates or Assessments by virtue of this Act to be charged thereon as aforesaid, nor to be binding contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, but all such Rates or AfldTments shall be charged upon and paid by the respective Occupiers, subject to such Deductions and Repayments as are by this Act authorized and allowed; and all such Deductions and Repayments shall be made and allowed accordingly, notwithstanding such Contracts, Covenants, or Agreements: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to alter, change, determine or make void any Con. rafts, Covenants, or Agreements whatsoever, between Landlord and Tenant, or any other Persons, to be made or entered into after the patting of this Act, touching the Payment of Rates, Taxes, or Assessments, any Thing herein contained to the conyary notwithstanding.

Rating Houses

XIII. And whereas divers Hordes, Tenements, and Hereditaments or lall! Lo’ witbiti [he ^"4 City an<^ Suburbs thereof art let at small Rents, or pigs' 11 v ° to Weekly or Monthly Tenants, or entirely let out in Lodgings or fc.

parate Apartments, or let Ready-furnished, and the Collection of the Rates charged by virtue of this Act from such Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, is attended with much Difficulty, and has frequently been evaded, so that much Loss h. s on that Account been sustained; for remedy whereof, be it enacted, That where the Yearly Rent or Value of any such House, Tenement, or Hereditament shall not exceed Twelve Pounds, or where the Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be let to Weekly or Monthly Tenants, and the Rents thereof shall become payable and collected at any ffiorter Periods than Quarterly, it shall be lawful for the Lid Commissioners (if they shall think proper) to compound with the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of all and every and 2ny such House and Houses, Tenement or Tenements, and Hereditaments, for Payment of any Rate or Rates, Assessment or Afitfl-ments, to be made by virtue of this Act, at such a reduced yearly Rental or Rate as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, so that such Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not rated at less than Two Thirds, nor more than Four Fifths of the Rack Rent at which the same shall chen be let, or of the annual Value of the said Premises respectively; and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of such Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments as shall not exceed the yearly Rent of Twelve Pounds, or as shall be let to Weekly or Monthly'Tenant^ pne} from whence the Rents shall become due and be collected at any shorter Periods than Quarterly, is and are hereby enabled to enter into fych Competition with the said Commissioners; and in case such Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, shall refuse or ohjeft to entec

13 into

'48° GEORGII Hi.' Cap.*. n

’hi to such Composition, such Landlord or Landlords, Owner and"

Owners, shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of such Premises, and shall thereupon be rated to and from Time to Time shall pay or cause to be paid the several Rates or ‘Assessments charged upon their respective Premises by virtue of this Act, un'o the Collectois of the Rates for the Time being, who is and are hereby authorized and rmpowcrtd to collect and receive the same, and upon Non-payment thereof to levy the same by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of the respective Premift-s aforesaid, wheresoever they shall be found, in like Manner as any Rate or Assessment may be raised, levied, or collected by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act: Provided always, that no such Landlord or Owner shall be charged with or liable to pay for any increased Rent reserved or made payable to him for or on Account of such Landlord or Owner having agned to pay the several Rates and Assessments heretofore chargeable upon the Occupirr; and where any House, Tenement, or Hereditament shall be let out in Lodgings or separate Apartments, or Ready-furnishtd, the Landlord or Landlords*

Owner or Owners of all such Premises', shall be deemed or taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and shall be rated to and pay the Rates or Assessments made by virtue of this Act in respect of all such Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act or ,^a.n^'^n0°ut this Act contained shall extend, qr be construed to extend to authorize ci,e city not the said Commissioners to rate or afftfs any Arable, Meadow, or Pasture to be assessed. Lands, unless the same are fuuate within the Walls of the said City, nor to rate or assess the Common Gaol of the said County of Southampton, or any House, Building, Court, or Yard'thereunto belonging, for and during so iong a Time as the Foot Pavement at the Front of the said Gaol shall be fuflipiently maintained and repaired by and at the Expence of the Inhabitants, of the said County, but not longer or otherwise.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Powrvto b«r. for the said Cqnuajihoners, or any Fifteen or more of them, from Time luwMoliei'-to Time to bor.rpw and take up ,at Interest such Sam or Sums of Money as they shall judge necessary, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five Thousand Pounds, for the Purpose of defraying the Expenses of obtaining and passing this Act, and of ciifcharging the Debts now due and owing by the said Commissioners, and of repairing and relaying the Pavements of tile several Streets, Lanes, and other public Paiiages and Places within the Limits of the said recited Act and this Act, upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments to be laid and collected by virtue of this Act, and the Tolls granted by the said recited Act, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to assign all or any Part of the said Rates or Assessments and Tolls, to such Person or Persons as shall lend or advance any Money thereon, or to his, her, or their Trullee or Trustees, as a Se-curiiv for the principal Monry to be advanced with legal Interest for the fame^ and the Colls anti Expences of such Assignment thereof, to be made as herein-after mentioned,shall be from Time to Time defrayed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, out of the Monies to be so borrowed, and every such Assignment shall be on Parchment in the Words

or to the Effect following: [Loc. & Per.}

WE,

22

Form of Af-ngument.

Omniissioners empower-e l tortile , Money by Annuities.

Form of Grant of Annuity.

4S9 GEORGII Ilf.; Cap. 2.

" \\7*F, of the Commissioners appointed by or

c in pursuanctt of Two Acts, made in the Eleventh and Forty-

‘ eighth Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intitufd, [here set

forth the Titles of the Acts] iaConfnJcration of the Sum of ad-

‘ vanced and lent by A.B. for the Purposes of the said Acts, Do hereby

grant and assign unto the said A.B. [or, to his Trustee or Trtiffees as the ‘ Cafe may requirej - his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such i Proportion of the Ratts or Assessinrnts ariung by virtue of the said Eft-< mentioned Act, and of the Tolls granted by the said first recited Act, ‘ as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum,

« which may at any Time be borrowed or become due and owing or be ‘ charged upon the Ctcdit of the said Act, passed in the Fort.-cigluh < Year of His present Majesty to be had and hidden from this

‘ Day of until the said Sum of with Interest

at per Centum per Annum for the same shall be repaid

and fati-fied. In Witness whereof, we the said Commissioners have

.« hereunto let our Hands and Seals the Day of

» in the Year of our L"rd

And all such Assignmcn's shall be numbered, commencing with Nurrber 'One, and so proceeding in an arithmetical Progression afeend ng. whereof the common Excels or Difference shall always be one, and every such Security shall be good, valid, and effectual, and shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administraters, and Assigns, to the Payment thereof, and to all Profit and Advantage thereon, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

Hsi i ' uiitit gtuinVt >;! TV * J. yue te i JO: i mi..: »iij sb;' . I

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissoners, or any Fifteen or more of them, shall think it adviseable or more advantageous to raile all or any Part of the Money to be borrowed under this Act by granting Annuities for Lives instead of Affgnmencs as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissoners, or any Fifteen or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to grant Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissoners, any Sum or Sums of Money, as to the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, shall seem right and proper for the absolute Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable during the natural Life of every such Contributor, or the natural Life of such Person as shall be nominated by or on Behalf of such Contributor at the Time of Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchase Money, so that no such Annuity do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum upon a Angle Life, except in such Cases where the Person for whose Life any Annuity shall be paid be of the Age of Sixty-three Years or upwards, and the Expence of every such Grant shall be defrayed by the said Commissione'rs, or any Seven or more of them; and the Grant of every such Annuity shall be on Parchment, in the Words or to the Fffeft following:

VX/'E of the Commissioners appointed by or in pursuance of Two Acts made in the Eleventh and Forty-eighth

Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here jet forth

paid ‘ by

xCdrs ox tile xvcign or kjcut^c ldc x xiircij iiiLiiui

(be 'Titles of the Acts] in Consideraaon of the Sum of

w8° GEORGII III. eap.2. 2j

by A.B. to C.D. the Treasurer appointed in pursuance thereof, do hereby grant unto the said A.B. an Annuity or Yearly Sum of

‘ out of the Rates or Assessments arising by virtue of the said last-mentioned Atf, and of the Toils granted by the said full recited Act, which

‘ Annuity or Yearly Sum of shall be paid to the said A. B.

or his Assigns, during the Term of his natural Life [or, to the said A\ B.

his Executors, Administraturs, or Assigns, during the natural Life of

C.D. as the Case may he'] upon the Day of

in every Year during the natural Life of him the said

at the Guildhall of the said City; the Firit Payment thereof to be made

upon the Day of next ensuing the Date

hereof. In witness whereof we the said Commissioners have hereunto let

our Hands and Seals the Day of in the '

Year of our Lord M ’

And every such Grant shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, without any Emolument or Registry of the Memorial thereof, and every Annuity lo granted as aforesaid, shall be and is her_determined by charged upon and shall be payable and paid by the Treasurer to the said Commissioners out of the said Rates or AfTcfiinetyis and Tolls, according to the Grant of such Annuity.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Power of and for the Persons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money to be Mortgaeeslnd borrowed upon legal Interest as aforesaid, ,or to be raif^d by the granting Annuities in a of Annuities as aforesaid, and their respective Executors, Adminrstrators, ^'f^lbed or Assigns, (as the Case may be) at any Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons whomfpyver, which Transfer shall be on Parchment, in the Words, or to the Effe,£f'following}

‘ T A, B., being entitled to the Sum of ' fof, an Annuity

« of secured to C.D. and his Assigns, or his Executors, A;dmihiftf:rtOrs; and Assigns, as the Case may be] by virtue

of'an Affi^ntnertt [cr, Grant of an Annuity] hearing Dste the

* Day of under the Hands and Seals of

‘ of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of Two Aids of Parliament made in the Eleventh and Forty-eighth Years of the Reign of King ‘ Geoirk the Third, '-"intituled, \h:re set fotth the Titles of the Alls] upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments and Tolls payable by the said c Affs, do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the lame Sum [tr. Annuity], and all Ir.terest and other Money now due and owing thneen, unto E. F. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns#

« Dated the Day of in the Year of Our

‘ Lord

And a Copy of every Security or Assignment, and of every Grant or Annuity, which shall have been made in pursuance of this Act, and an Extract or Memorial of every Transfer thereof, respectively, shall be eo-. tered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, which Extract or Memorial shall fig.rify and contain the Date, Nmirs of the Parties, and Sums of Monty thereby transferred, to which Book any Person interested shall, at all seasonable Times, have Accefsj and have free Liberty to inspect the fame, without Fee or Reward;

2<±

Praiif*ni f;r the Hai ment of Creilitois by Lot.

1.

Power to borrow Morey at a lower Jnte-relt,to riif-eharge Securities at a higher Rate.

Power to raise Money for Improvements.

G'EOk&ii: IIL Gap. 2.

and for the Entry of every such Transfer the Did Ck-rk shall be paid by the Person to whom such Transfer shall be made the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and every such Transfer, after Entry thereof as aforesaid, shall entitle the Person to whom the Transfer shall be made, and his or her Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, to the Btnefit of the Security thereby transferred, without any other Kegiftry Or Enrollment whatsoever.

XVIII. And, in order that no Preference may be given to any of the Persons Who shall have advanced-and lent Money upon the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments and Toils, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Nine Or more of them, (if there shall be more Creditors than One), shall cause the Numbers of all Alignments or Securities granted and then in force for securing the Principal Monies lent and advanced upon the Credit of the said Rates or AfTtlfmenrs and Tolls, of which Part shall be then intended to be paid off, to be written Upon distinct Pieces of Paper, of an equal Size, and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form as nearly as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel, and the Number or Numbers of the said Alignments or Securities shall be drawn lepararely out of the said Box or Wheel by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and after every such Ballot the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, shall cause Notice, ngned by their Clerk, to be given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the Money to be paid off pursuant to such Ballot; and where there is only One Creditor, to give Notice to such Creditor of the saidi Commissioners* Intention to pay him or her as aforesaid; and every such Notice shall express the Sum to be paid off, together with the Inrereft due thereon, and that the lame will be paid on a Day and at a Place to be specified in fu> h Notice, such Day not being sooner than Six Calendar Months after the Day of giving or leaving such Notice-as aforesaid, and the Interest of the Principal Money to be paid off shall from and after the Day to be so specified cease and be no longer paid or payable, unless such Money shall be demanded, pursuant to such Notice, and not paid; but the Principal Money in respect whereof such Notice shall be given, and also the Interest thereof to the Day lo specified, shall neverthtkfs be payable on Demand. ,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case'the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, can at any Time borrow or take up any Sum or Sums of Money at a lower Rate of Interest than the Assignments or Securities which shall be then in force shall bear, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, from Time to Time to charge the said Rates or Assessments in Manner aforesaid, with such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, and the Inrereft thereof, at such low Rate as aforesaid, and to pay off and discharge the Assignmenfs or Securities bearing a higher Kate of Interest, according to the Directions and Regulations herein prescribed for paying off Alignments or Securities.

XX. And be it also enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, from Time to Time to borrow and raise by both or either of the Modes herein-before mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Four thousand Pounds in the Whole, over

8 and

25

48° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

and above the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the said Rates or Afitffments and foils, which Sum or Sutrs (fall be applied in widening the Streets and other public Passagesfituate within ti;c Limits of the said Aft and this Act, and in making such permanent Improvements as the said Commissioners, or any Fifteen or more of them, shall think proper: Provided always, that neither the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds nor any Part thereof, (Fall be bortoWcd or raised buc ar a Meeting of the said Commissioners, to be called for that Purpose, of which Fourteen Days Notice at lealt (Fall be given in Manner directed by the said Act, at which Meeting 'J wenty-one Commissioners rated and assessed in the Rates or AlfdTments ro be raised and levied under the Authorities of the said recited Act arid this Act for Property at or above Fifteen Pounds per Annum, shall lie present, Thiee Fourths bt whom shall concur in ratling the said Sum or any Parc thereof.

XXI. And whereas it is by the said recited A£!enacted. that no Bulk> Bow Window on the Ground Fioor, projecting Window, Porch, Rails, or Pent-houses, should be permitted in any Part of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, or other public Passages, which should not be of Twenty-four FeetinWidtht And whereas the said Provision has not been found effectual; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Bulk, Bow Window, projecting Window, Porch, Rails, or Pent-hoofe, shall be permitted in any Pait of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, or other public Passages or Places, which shall not be Twenty four Feet in Width, and the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, are hereby empowered to order any Bulk, B iw Window, projecting Window, Porch, Rails, or Pent-fioufr, which shall be set up, erected, or built contrary to the Provisions hereof, to be taken down and removed, and ro inflict the lice Penalties as are diredbed by the said recited Act for eredbing any Spout or Sign; and no Bulk, Bow Window, projecting Window, Porch, Rails, or Pent-house, shall be eredbed elsewhere within the Limits aforesaid, but with the Consent and Approbation of Eighteen Corn midioners present at any Meeting which shall consist of Twenty-one Members at leaf!-, but in no case whatft-ever shall the said Commissioners permit any such Bulk, B. w Window, projedling Window, Porch, Rails, or Pent-house, to be set up, eredbed, or built, unless the Foot Pavement will wholly remain of the Width of F’our Feet at leaf! beyond such Eredbion or Building.

XXIII. And whereas the Power and Authority given by the f.iic! recited Act to the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor, to dig for, take, and cany away any Gravel or other Materials fit and proper for the paving and covering the Pavements, and pitching of the said Streets, Squares, Lines, and other public Passages; or whion they thouid adjudge re eff.try or fitting ro be used in or about the said Streets, Squares, Lane*, and other public Paflagi s, or for any other Purpose* in the Execution of the said Act, in, upon, out or, or from the La' ds, Fields, of Grounds of nnv Person or Persons, where the fame may be lad or iound ro be used or applied in or towards the r.ifing, making, widening, or repairing the said Streets, Squares, and other public Passages (ftiuli Lands, Fields, and Grounds net being a Yard, Garden. Orchard, Patk, Paddock, Wood,

' [Lee. CS1 Per ] C, Copptce.

Repealing Provisions ii^ uj Geo.

ForPreventbri ol P; eject ions.

Repeal fcf Provili *n in i (-ico.

26

For gc'<in"; M i rnsli for R p.iiis.

Notice to be given to Occupiers of w-cl fed Lands before Mute-rials are taken.

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

Coppice, Nursery, or inclosed Ground, planted with any Avenue of Trees for the Ornament of any House), has been found inconvenient; be it therelorc enufted, Thdt so much or the said recited Act: shall be and the lame is hereby repealed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Commissioners, and to and for all such Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, to Icardi for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making or repairing the Highways within the said City and Suburbs thereof intended to be paved, amended, and repaired by the said Commissioners by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, out of or from any Common or Watte Ground, River, or Brook, in any P.irish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, in the said City of Winchester, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place, without paying any Thing for the lame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelltng the Ground, or Hoping down the Banks where such Materials shall betaken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or other Persons as aforesaid, may by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them (such Order to be made at Come Meeting of the said Commissioners to be holden in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, atteited and signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners) search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, off, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons where the fame may be had or found, (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walkor Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees at the Time of passing this Act,) making or tendering such Satisfaction for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Highways shall be Carried according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Grounds as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them shall judge reasonable; and in cale of any Difference between the said Commissioners, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and fur any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place where such Materials Avail be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away, or over, cn Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party

o the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, lettle, 'and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages, and the Judgment or Order of the said J all ices shall be final and conclusive to ail Parties.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of the said recited Act o: this Act, to dig, gather, get, take,

or

27

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 2:

or carry away any Materials, for repairing such Highway?, cut of or from any inclosed lands or Grounds, until One Calendar Months Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are inunded to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Commissioners or any Two or more Justices of the Peace, acting for the County, City, or Place, where such Prenufes shall lie. to shew cause why such Materials shall not be had from such L.ands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend purl'uanc to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient cause to the contrary, then and in such Case the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or such Julbcts, shall and may authorize such Surveyor or other Person or Persons to dig, get, gather and carry away such Materials at such Thnecr Times, as tu the said Commissioners, or any Seven or mom of them, or Justices, shall seem proper , and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himlelfor his Agent, pursuant to such Notice, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein, as they respectively shall think lit, as fully and tffctjually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier of his Agent had attended.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any P> rlon or Persons whomsoever, shall remove or take away any Stones or G.avei, or any Materials laid upon such Highways or any Part thereof, for the Repair thereof, without the Older of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or moie of them, or of their Surveyor or Surveyors lor that Purpose, or if any Person t>r Persons whomsoever, shall take away any Stones or Gravel, or any Materials which shall have been dug or gathered, by or by the Order of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or mote of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, in any Lands, Fields, or Waste Grounds, River or Brook, for the Purpose of amending such Highways, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall get or take away any Stones or Gravel, or Materials out cf any Pit or Quarry, which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Highways, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen shall have discontinued wotking therein for the Space of Six Weeks, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons autho-r zed by such Owner or Occupier to get the Materials therein, for his or her own piivaie Uie only, and not for Sale), every Person fu offending shall forreic and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXVII. And be it further. na&ed, Thatduring the Tine ar.y Street, Lace, Passage, or PI ice shall be new paving, flagging, or repairing, or any of the Grates, Drains, or other Sewers therein, shall be altering or repairing, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or mote of them, shall have Power to order the necessary Materials to be lodged in rhat or any adjoining Street, Lane, Passage, or Place, or Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, according to their Discretion; as also to flop the Way through that or any adjoining Highway, Street, Lane, Passage, or Place, so long as they shall judge necessary; and the said Commissioners and all Persons acting by or under their Direction as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified from any Piofecucion or Action whatsoever respecting the same.

Penalty on taking away Maienals.

Wiere Materials for paving n ay be

lotigciJ.

28

4&* GEORGII III. Cap.

Anno unce

XXVIII. And whereas it is by the said recited Act enactedj that if any a. tie i.; Act Person Humid set, place, or cxpolc to sale, or,catile, permit, or fuss’er to ii Geo. j. be fer, placed, or exposed to file, any Goods,- Chattel}, Wares, or

Merchandize whatsoever, on any flap, Window-Hunter, or other Thing whatsoever, moveable or fixed, projecting into any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, or other public Passages, beyond the present Bulk, every Person so offending should for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings: And whereas the said Clause has noc been sufficient effectualLy to prevent Annoyances in the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, and public Passages , be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

Presenting Annoyances in the Streets.

Repeal of Clause in 11 Geo. 3.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall place, hang up, or expole to sale, or cause, permit, or suffer to be placed, hung up, or exposed to sale, any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or shall place or suffer to be placed any other Matter or Thing on or projecting against any of the Foot Ways or Carriage Ways of the Streets or other public Passages or Places within the said Limits, or upon or under the Penthouseof the said City, or shall leave open any Cellar Window in the Evening or in the Night, without the fame being sufficiently lighted to prevent Accidents, or shall make or assist in the making any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, or set tip or throw at any Cock of Fowl in the Manner called Cock-throwing, or shall set fire to, let off, or throw any Serpent, Squib, Ci acker, or Firework, in any of the Streets or other public Passages or Places within the Limits aforesaid, every Person offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXX. And whereas it is by the said recited A iff enacted, that if any Swine, should be found wandering about the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, or other public Passages, the Owner or Owners thereof should for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings; and it should be lawful for any Officer of the said Commissioners, or any other Person, to impound such Swine, and the same to detain until the said Sum and the Expences of impounding the said Swine should be paid; and in case such Penalty and Expences should not be paid within Six Days, it should be lawful for such Person as should be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners to fell such Swine, and the Overplus to be paid to the O whers thereof; provided, thac whether such Swine should be impounded or not, the Owner thereof should nevertheless forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings: And whereas it is expedient that Provision should be made for preventing Horles, Cows, or other Beafis from wandering in the Streets; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Horse, Cow, or other Beast, or any Sort of Swine, shall at any Time be found wandering about mm Theany Streets, Lanes, or other public Passages or Places, within the

' "1 ’ Limits aforesaid, it shall and m.iy be lawful to and for any Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners, to seize and impound fuih Hoile, Cow, or other Bead, or such Swine, in one of the common Pounds of the said City or Suburbs, or in such other Place as the said Comraif. sioners, or any Seven or mure of them, shall appoint, and the lame there 8 c ' ‘ w to

Power to impound

29

4.8° (GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

to detain until the Owner or Owners thereof shall for every such Horse,

Cow, or other Bead, and for every such Head of Swine so impounded, pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings to the Person impounding the Line, together with the reasonable Charges and Expencts of impounding and keeping the fame; and in.ease the said Sum, Charges, and Expences,

shall not be p>ki within Five Days after such impounding, it shall and may be lawful to and fjr the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to lell or cause to be sold the fame, and the Money arising from such Sale alter deducting the said Sum, and the Charges and Expences of impounding, keeping, and felling such Horse, Cow, or other Draft, and Swine, shall be paid on Demand to the Person whose Property the Horse,

Cow, #r other Bead, or Swine, so fold, shall appear to have been.

XXXII. And whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, That if any Per- RfPe*1

son should throw, call, or lay,any Allies, Dull, Dirt, Dung, Soil, Filth, or gco,j" 6

Robbish, or ihe Retufe of any Garden Stuff, or any Blood, Offal, or

Carrion, or any other noisome or effenfive Matter or Thing wnarloever,

incoor in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, or other public Passages,

every Person so offending should for the First Offence forfeit the Sum of

Five Shillings j for the Second Offence the Sum of Ten Shillings; and for the Third and every other Offence the Sum of Twenty S filings: And whereas the said Provision has not been found effectual to prevent Nuisances

in the said City and Suburbs; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whom- "" soever shall throw, caff, or lay, or cause or permit or suffer to be throw, '<7hi7im?rn:o call, or laid, any Allies, Duff, Dirt, Dung, Soil, Filth, or Rubbish, S;resu.

or the Refuse of any Garden Stuff, or any Blood, Offal, or Carrion, or any other noisome or offensive Matter or Thing whatsoever into or in any of the said Streets, Squares, or other public Paffjges or Places, or into any of the Brooks, Rivers, or Watercourses within the Limits aforesaid, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner, Rider, or Driver Penalty on of any Horse, Waggon, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, shall permit or £*vine c:art,» suffer the same to (land in any Square, Street, or other public Passage or

Place within the Limits aforesaid, upon any of the Foot Pavements, or upen or so near to any of the Croflings made for Foot Passengers as to obstruct the fame, and shall rtfufe to remove any such Horle or Carriage, such Owner, Rider, or Driver, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, and it shall be lawful for any Person who shall fee such Offence committed, to seize such Offender, and convey him before any Justice of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where the fame.shall happen, to be dealt with according to Law.

XXXV. And whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, That if any Repeal or Person should wilfully break, throw down, or otherwise damage any of the ^r"7['.°70vr!th Lamps which should be erected by the said Commissioners, or any of the Lamps in Pofis, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or should extinguish any of the nUeo.j. said Lamps, and should be lawfully convicted thereof, he should, for the

First Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ttn Shillings for each Lamp so broken,

[Lee. Es’Per.] H thrown.

30 4.3° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

thrown down, damaged, or extinguished; and for the Second Offence the' Sunt of Fifteen Shillings for every such Lamp* and for the Third and every subsequent Offence, the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for every such Lamp; and lull Satisfaction should also be made to the said Commissioners for the Damage done: And whereas the said Penalties are not sufficient to deter evil-minded Persons from breaking, damaging, or extinguishing the Lamps erected by the said Commissioners; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

penalty fcr

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall "oLimr6' wilfully takeaway, break, throw down, displace, or damage any Lamp or Lamps already set up, or that shall be set up by virtue of the said Act or this Act, by Order of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or by any Person or Persons at his, her, or their own Expence, for the Purpose of lighting any of the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights within the same, or shall throw down or damage the Ports, Irons, Cover, or other Furniture of any such Lamp, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee any such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Pefons whomsoever to assist in seizing the Offendrr or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Watchman, or of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before some Justice of the Peace for the said City, County, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed; and such Justice (Hail proceed to examine, upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information or Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted either by his, her, or their Confession, or upon such Information or Evidence as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, he, (he, and they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and shall moreover pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be deemed by such Justice to be a full Satisfaction for the Damage lo by him, her,

, or them done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, on Conviction, pay such Forfeiture, and also such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them, to the common Gaol or House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time limited for which he, she, or they shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given. ,

XXXVII. And whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that in case the Commissioners for executing the said Act, and the Owner or Owners. Proprietor or Proprietors of any House, Shed, or other Building, or of any Piece or Paicel of Land or Ground, cannot agree, the said Commissioners are thereby empowered and required to issue a Summons, under the Hands and Seals of any Seven or more of them, requiring an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Men to attend,- ac such Time and Place as shall be exprrffed in such Summons; and the said Commissioners shall swear or cause to be fwprn Twelve of the . Twenty-

Jtepral f Provision in 15 Geo. 3.

3i

4-8° GE OkGII III. Cap. 2.

Twenty-four who shall be drawn by Ballot by the Clerk to the said Commissioners , which Twelve shall be a Jury for afeerraming the Value of fttch Premises, whose Valuation shall be binding and conclusive to all Parties and Persons whatever: And whereas the Paid Provision has been found defective; be it therefore enacted, That Id much of the said recited Act shall be and the lame is hereby repealed*

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Body Politm, Corpn- Fnwifioryn rate, or Collegiate, or any Corporation whether Aggregate or Sole Spiritual fuaftj c° or Lay, or any Femes Covert, or any. Tenant for Life, or Tenant in Tail lity tofell. Genoa! or Special, Owner or Owners, Occupier or Ocrupieis, or other Person or Persons'whomsoever, interestedin any Lands Buildirtgfe, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, which the said Commissioners arc enabled by the Lid recited Act to purchase for the Purpose of widening nr improving the said Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, or any of them, shall refule to treat, contract, or agree as aforesaid, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, contracting, or agreeing, or shall decline or refuse to fell, convey, and diPpose of the PremiPes whereof or wherein, or whereunto they respectively shall be so seised, possessed, interestrd, or entitled as aforesaid, or their rePptftive Rights, Titles, Claims, or Intertfts, in, tO; or upon the Tame, or any Part thereof, unto the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nominate for the s and according to the Tenor, true Inrent, and Meaning of this Act, or shall not or cannot produce or make out a clear Title to the Premtfes they are in Possession of, or to the Intereffs they claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them; or if any Utfpure or Difference shall arise touching such Purchase or Purchases, the Paid Commissi iners. or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered and authorized, before any General or Quarter Session of the Peace, to be holden for the said County of Southampton, or any Adjournment thereof, to give or cause to be given to such Owner or Owners, or the principal Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic or Corporate, O' to leave or cause to be left at the House of the Tenant in Possessidrr Fourteen Days Notice in Whiting, denoting and particularly dtferibing1 the Lands, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments intended to be purchased, and purport'ng that the Value thereof shall be adjusted and settled by a Jury at the said Session or Adjournment thereof, and the Jufltces at the said Session Or any Adjournment thereof, upon Proof to them made of such Notice having been so given or left, are hereby author zed and required to charge the Grand Jury at such Session assembled,'or the Jury to try Prisoners at such Session, well and truly upon their Oath’ to assess the Value of the said Lands, Buildings,

House", Tenements, or other Hereditaments comprized in the Notice (o given, and the Damages.and- Recompence to be awarded or given for the tame, to the relpfcftjvc Owneror Owners thereof, according to their re-farftive Interests therein-, and to such Jury the said Corrrav.ffioners, or any Seven or more of them, and all Persons interfiled in the said Lands, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, or oilier Hereditaments, shall have their lawful Challenges, and the Jury being lo sworn and charged as atoesaid, and after proper Evidence on Oath to them given, concerning the Nature,

Quality, or Value of the Lands, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments so to be fuld and conveyed as aforesaid, shall by their Verdict tjilcfs the Damages and Recompence to be given for the fame, to

(isiif

4S* <GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Provision th\t Verdictl shall not be hindirg unless Money paid within Six Calendar Month*.

Previion for Payment of Colts of Ver-didr.

the respective Owner or Owners thereof, according to their resprclive Intertfts therein; and such Verdict of the said Jury, and the Judgement ofxhe said Justices upon the same shall be final, binding, and conclusivt, to the said Commissioners, and to all Persons and Parties interested in the said Lands, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, and such Verdict, and the Judgment of the Justices thereupon, shall be fairly, entered and kept among the Records of the Sessions for the said County of SoHtbampien, and the fame, Or true Copies thereof, shall be taken to good and effcctual Evidence and Proof in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever, and all Persons may have recourse to the fame gratis, and take. Cop es thereof, paying Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words: Provided always, tl at in case the Sum or Sums so a defied by the said Jury, and ordered and adjudged to be paid by the said Commissioners, as a Satisfaction to the Owners, Occupiers, or others, for their respective Interests in the said Pre-mists, shall not be paid, tendered, or left according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, within Six Calendar Months after the lame shall have been so assessed, ordered, and adjudged, then and in such Case the Verdict of the said Jury shall not be binding upon the said Parties; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof, in anywise notwithstanding. j , i -

- if 4 "vh: I iu 1 t-'| i ! \ n ‘

"IXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Verdict shall hare been given for a greater Sum or Recompence than shall have been prcviocfly offered by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners for any such Lands, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, for Damages as aforesaid, all the Expence* of taking such Inquest, and of the Witnesses attending thereon, and recording or entering the Verdict and Judgment thereupon, shall be paid by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, out of the Monies to 3itfe by virtue of this Act; but if a Verdict shall be given for no greater or for a less Sum than shall have been so previously offered by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case such Expences shall be paid by the Owners of or Persons interested in the Premises in question: Provided, that when-ever by Absence any Person or Persons shall have been prevented from treating with the said Commissioners, the Whole of such Colls and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and whenever any Costs or Charges shall or may be payable to the said Commissioners, such Costs and Charges shall and may be deducted out of the Sum to be paid by the said Commissioners to the said Owners or Persons reflectively interested.

Provision for

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to he paid for any Lands.Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, "itionwbcre" taken, or ufeci, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act or this Act, for «quilto a.oI. the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Feoffee inTrult, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Fcfnes Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in strict or other Settlement, or any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case die fame shall be equal to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in

3 the

33

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

the Name and with tlje-.PfivUy^of the'A'cchutitiift-Generat of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there tx parte the said CommifEoiers, to ;he Intent that such Money may'be applied under the Direct.ion and with the Approbation of the said Couth, to be signified by an Order made upon a‘Petition to be preferred in a summavy Way by the Person or Persons who utould have been entitled to the Rems and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchasd or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, affecting the fame Lands,; Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affttrting other Lands* Tenements, ..or , Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the . like U&.*, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be To applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction, and Appiobation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled td, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be lo purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or,limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exifiing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and, in the mean Time, and until such Purch.de shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant-General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or Three Pounds per Centum Redured Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court ot Chancery to be sold, for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Confoiidateil or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who Would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of (he said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLI. Provided always, and be it furthjr enabled, That ifany Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or uled for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be iefs than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds,-then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased. taken, or uled, or of his, her, cr their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or other wise the same shall be pa d at the like Option to Two Tiurtees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by- Five or more of the said Commissioners, (such Nomination and Approbation to be fig. nified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Paitits), in order that Tech principal Money and Dividends arising the rc.

[Loc, Es5.Per.] I frcm

Provision for Application of CompsnU-rion where leis th3rt 2001, and exceeding 201.

34

Provifich for the Application of Monty where left than lol-

In case of not making out Title*,

or if Persons cannot be found. Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank.

Su'jett to the Order of Court ot c:hanceiy on Motion.

Whe-e any Question shall ante touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Poll'ef. lion of the

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

from may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Monty fc agreed or awarded to be paid as last before mentioned, shall be less than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Te. nements, and Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said recited Act or this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit cf such Person or Persons so thrilled respectively.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons enmled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, benot known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties ihterested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [defcishing the m], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a (umtnary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Dlftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Calhitr or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bankas aforesaid.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall ai ife touching the Title of any Pctfon to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Purchase of any L.mds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or lntcrcft, in any Lands,

2 Tenements

+8° GEORGIIo Hh Cap. 2. 35

Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the ^Yhe%vme said recited Act or this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be cf iu?h Pur-purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Inierelt of any such chrO, ftr l! be Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession lt,tiid'.hereto of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Pur- according to chafe, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satis-taction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Pofli-flion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Intereil therein.

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when by reason of ch'nc°rym°y any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitlrd order reason-.to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the of'^rcha'eV. Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, the Purchase Money for to be pii'l by the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and the T,ulttci-to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hciedita-ments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pur-luance of the said recited Act or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem realonjble to be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who (Trail from Time to Time pay such Sum or Sums of Money for fueja Purposts as the said Court shall direct.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all Sales, Conveyances, and AfTur- Con'

ances of any Lands, Tenements, or Here litaments, to be made to the ’ laid Commissioners and their Successors, shall be made on Parchment, in the Form or to the Effect following; (videlicet').

I A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum of

to me paid by the Commissioners for improving the City of Winchester, afling by virtue of Two Acts made in the Eleventh and Fopy-eighch Years of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [herefet forth the Titles of the Act'] do hereby grant and convey to the said Commissioners and their Successors, all [here describe the Premises to be conveyed'] and all my Righr, Title, ana Interdt to and in the fame and every Part thereof, to hold to the said Commissioner. and their Successors for ever. In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal this Day of in the Year of our Lord .*

And every such Sale, Conveyance, and A durance, so made, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to Vess the Premises, lb conveyed, in the said Commissioners and their Successors, freed and absolutely acquitted and discharged of and fretn all Claims, Right', Inteiefts, Charges, and Incumbrances of all Persons whomsoever, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, or Cuflum to thsp cjntrary noiwith-standing.

36

Provision for Payment of Purchase Mo« neyv&. c. ami lor veiting of Property in the Comu if. doners*

Power for de* livery of P*of* fe£Bon of Property pur* cliafed*

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money to be agreed for, awarded, or a defied as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, to the Party or Parties respectively entitled to such Monies, or to their Agents, and upon Payment thereof, or in case of Rtfufal to accept the fame, on placing the fame in the Bank of England, in Manner by this Act directed (whether such Conveyance as aforesaid shall or shall net be made) all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand, in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons icfprdively to whose Credit or Use the same shall have been paid in, to, and out of such Lands, Buildings, Houses, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, shall vest in the said Commissioners and their Suc-ceflots, in Trust, for effecting the Purposes of this Act, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Stifin or Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the Premises had actually conveyed the fame by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale enrolled, Feoffment with Livery of Seisin, Fine, Common Recovtry, Surrender, or any other Conveyance or A.ffurance whatsoever, and such Payments shall not only bar all Right, Title, Inter eft, Claim, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whole Use or Credit such Payments shall have been made as aforesaid; but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and {all Estates Tail and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expedancy and Issue and Issues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming under them as effectually as Fines or Common Recoveries would do if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Leffce 01 Tenant for Year* or at Will, and every other Person in Posselhon of any Lands, Buildings, Floufes, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, {lull deliver up the Possession of such Premises to the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to take Possession of the fame, upon having Notice from the Laid Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or the Person or Persons so appointed by them, to quit the fame at such Time or Times as shall be required by such Notice, they, the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, or such Person or Persons making such Satisfaction and Compensation to every such Tenant or Lessee as aforesaid, in case he or she shall be required to quit before the Expiration of his, her, or their Term in the Premises, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or moie of them, shall deem jult and reasonable; and in cale any Dispute or Difference shall arise, touching or concerning the same, such Satisfaction and Compensation shall be settled and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as the Satisfaction and Compensation to be made by the said Commissioners for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, is and ate herein directed to be settled and ascertained, in cale of any Difference or Dispute about the fame; and such Person or Persons in Possession shall at such Time or Times as he, she, or they shall be required by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Commissioners, or to the Person or Persons authorized by them, to

take

s 4»t> tn iiDJioao'

4f GEORGII III. Cep, 2, |f

fake Polfl-fltbn therftT'f ^hd any such Perfoft of Persons so in Pefftflicfn Us afire-fa! I, shall refafe to deliver up inch Puff ffion, then and in every such Cjft it'(krill arfti'toiiy be lawful Vo aftd for the said Commissioness, br afly'-S'eVeh or rWote of’ih<*m, i& ifftte thtfif Pi'ecepf or Precepts to the Sheriff of the said-Cui-hty of i'b’jtMnpi Mi'10 del.vd-r Pdfilltion of the Pre-tniles to Rich Person or Persons as shall ih"fuels Preceptor Precepts be no-tnmated to receive the same; and the said Sheriff is hereby require i to deliver Possession ofthesaidPrefnifes accordingly, and to fetly such Costs as shall accrue from theffwing and Extcobfon- of such Precept or Precepts on the Per Ton or Pe fotrs fu refuilhg to d; liver up Poffftpon as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her, tittrif Goods and Ghtittfe?^.

Ot.iijjiU* I . (j & ' i * *lJ ;rj. Si*.' il - j ,v>i , I-

XI.IX. And be it further enacted, That'it shallapd may be-fawful to and Power to re-for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to fell, or a'ldio*£und* orhmvtft- dispose of such Part or Parts of any Hon'fes, Budding’s, Lands, uteid- Haild-Tenemenrs, or Hereditaments, which may have been purchased under the Authority of the said recited Act and this Act, for the Potpose of making such Alterations or Imp'©' itments as aforesaitl, as may afterwards be found vmnecfffiiy for the Purpose first intended, to any Person or Persons willing to purthale the fame; af.d'tffift all Moflirs to be raiftd by any Sale ot Sales as aforesaid, shall be a^dKcabl; fto the Puipbfes of the said recited Act and this Act. fl

i is a* I arts Oldiis'i ! "j! :roi.» o I r,nu

L. Provided always,’and be it funhef enacted, That the said Cottimissioners, or any7Seven or more of therrt, before they shall sell and dispose tro^'whom of Rich Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall first offer the lame km»l»<h»n for SalMo the Person or Persons respectively from whom they shall j}u?'nb|f|^ ihilve pdfi-hafftl-stich Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and in case by the tom. Yuthf Person or Persons fftffl noc then and thereupon agree, or shall refute e

to ftpubdiale the fame,‘then and in every such Case any Affidavit to be firtt oterof made and sworn before VMaster Extraordinary in the High Court of tl.RR'£urof ^Gnanrery, or before Otte of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace fur the tw e‘"erco* said CkfoTWincie/ier, by some Person or Persons no ways interested In the said Lands, Tenerqents, or Hereditaments, Hating, that such Offer was made by or on Behalf of the Lid Cortlfnissioners, and that such Offer was- not theta and thereupon agreed to, or was refuted by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was to offered, ‘.hall in all Courts whatsoever be suffacHcnt Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made (as the Case may be}.

LI. And whereas several of the public Bridges within the City and Budges. Parifttes aforesaid arc dangerous, arid in a very ruipous Condition, and 1) ubts have arisen whether the fame ought to be repaired arid maintained by the said Commissioners, be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the said Bridges' (except as herein-after mentioned) shall be repaired, maintained, and kept in repair by the said Commissioners, out of the Monies to be rated, assessed, and levied under chsr Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, and that all the Poweri, Authorities, Rules, and Regulations contained in the said recited Act and thteAft, shall (as far as the same are applicable) extend to the repairing,

[Lee. & Per, J K maintaining.

3»

Recital of Act 4« G. 3 c. 131.

Ground used it a Carriage Way to be paved.

Victuallers not tu fufter Watchmen, &c. to be in their Houses during the Hour» of Duty.

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

maintaining, keeping up, altering, widening, or improving the said Bridge* (except as herein-after mentioned); Provided always, tliac nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or oblige the said Commissioners to repair or maintain the Bridges at Durngate belonging to the Mill called Durngate Mill, or the B'idges aejoining to the North Side of the Mills called Seagrim’s Mills, or to repair or maintain any Part or Parts of the Stalling of any Brook, River, or XVatercourse, except the Part or P*rts of such Stalling as shall next adjoin to a public Foot, Horse, or Carriage Way: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to oblige the said Commissioners to repair or maintain any Part or Parts of the Stalling against the Wtft Side of the River called the IVeirs, running from the Soke Bridge to Seagrim’s Mils aforesaid.

LII. And whereas, by an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for completing the common Gaol now building in and for the City of Winchette-, and for purchasing certain Buildings within the said City for widening the Avenues thereto, the Com-xnissioners appointed for carrying the said Act into Execution were authorized to purchase, and cauie to be pulled down, fevrral Houses and Buildings therein described, and to lell the Materials thereof, and caul'c the same to be removed, and immediately after such Removal to cause the Ground on which the said Houses and Buildings stood, together with that on which the then late Gaol or Bridewell was erected, to be cleared, levelled, and laid open, and so to continue for ever: And whereas the said Commissioners have accordingly purchased and caul'ed the said H' uses and Buildings to be pulled down, and have fold the said Materials thereof, and caused the same to be removed; and the said Ground on which the said Houses and Buildings stood, wiih that on which the said Gaol or Bridewell was encted, to be cleared, levelled, and laid open, and the fame now lies open, and is used for a public Carriage Way, but is in Want of Repair \ be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Att, the said Ground so laid open as aforesaid, and used for a public Carriage Way, shall be paved, repaired, swept, cleansed, and lighted by the said Commissioners for carrying into Execution the said recited Act of the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, in like Manner, and with the like Powers, and under the same Rules and Regulations, as the other Streets, Squares, Lanes, Alleys, Courts, Gateways, and other public Passages within the City and Parishes aforesaid, are authorized and directed to be paved, repaired, swept, cleansed, and lighted.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Victualler or Keeper of a Public House or Cellar, shall knowingly and willingly harbour or inter-tain any Watchman employed by the said Commissioners, or permit or fuflfer any such 'Watchman to remain in such his or her Public House or Cellar during any Part of the Time appointed for their being on Duty, every such Victualler or Keeper of a Public House or Cellar, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding 'Pen Shillings.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, to give such Rewards tn Money to Watchmen as may be disabled, wounded, or hurt in the Execution of their Duty, as they the said Commissioners shall think teasonable; such Money to be paid out of any Money to be raised for the Purposes of this Act.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ihink himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or AIT dm mu which shall be made in pursuance of the said first recited Act or this Act, such Person or Persons may apply to the said Commissioners, or ar.y Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be holden within Fourteen Days next after Demand of such Rate or Assessment 5 but if no Meeting shall be held within such Time* then at the next Meeting which shall be held then after; and the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think such Person or Persons aggrieved, to give such Relief in the Pretnifes as to them shall seem reasonable.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, if they shall think it expedient, to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions of Debt or special Action on the Cafe in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for all or any of the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of the said full recited Act or this Act, in which Action or Actions it shall be sufficient for the said Commissioners to declare that the Defendant is indebted to them in the Sum of Money they shall suppose to be due for Rates or Assessments under the said first recited Act or this Act; and in case the said Commissioners shall recover such Sum so declared for, or any Part thereof, they shall have and recover full-Cods, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgments are now by Law levied and recovered, in which Action or Actions no Essoign, Protection, or Wager at Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action or Suit shall be brought by the Order of the said Commissioners, or any Nine or more of them, against any Person or Persons, by virtue or in pursuance of the said full recited Act or this Act, the fame may be brought in the Name of Their Treasurer or Clerk on Behalf of the said Commissioners, and no such Action or Suit shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal cf such Treasurer or Clerk, or by any Act or Default of such Treasurer or Clerk, done or fullered without the Consent 01 Direction of the Commissionc s for the Time being, or any Nine or more of them, but the Treasurer or Clerk to the Commissioners for the Time being, shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit (as the Calemay be): Provided always, that all Custs and Expences to be incurred by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons employed by them in prosecuting or defending any Action or Suit, touching the Execution of this Act, shall be defrayed outef the Money arising by virtue of the said fitft recited Act and this Act, unless such Aftiun or Su t shall arile in consequence of the wilful Neglect or Default of such Treasurer or Clerk, or unless it shall have been brought, commenced, , or

39

Com iflion-ersin.iy reward Watch-

iiiCn.

Person« a?* grieved may apply to the Commiifiofi-cr$.

Comrr.iffion-era may bring Actions for Rates*

Anions may be brought in the Name of the Treasurer *r Clerk.

40

Repeal of Appeal Cla in ii Geo.

Appeal.

4Ba GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

or defended, without the Order or Direction of the said Commissionei'Sj or any Nine or more of them.

tVIII. And whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, that if any Per* 3,' son or Persons should think himself, herleif, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance thereof, such Person or Persons should and might, within Thrte Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint /hould arise, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Seffi >ns of the Peace to be holden in and for the County of Southampton, such AppcHant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cauie or causes ther of, to the C'eik or T eafurer of the said Commil* sioners, within Two Days next after such Notice entering into a Recognizance or Recognizances, before some Justice of the Peace in and for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal mentioned in such Notice, and abide the Order and pay such Costs as /hould be awarded by the Justices of the said County; and the Matter of such Appeal should be heard and determined by the said Justices for the said City and County at the next General Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County, or any Adjournment thereof, or at any Adjournment of the then last General Se/Tuns of the Peace in and for the said County, which of the three should fird happen next after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Day of giving such Notice, and the said Justices at such Sessions or Adjournments, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of the entering in o such Recognizance or Recognizances, should hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Cods for the Appellant or Appellants or Relpondentor Respondents, as they the said Justices should think proper, and the Determination of such Justices should be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties concerned or interested therein: And whereas the said Provision has been found ineffectual j be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said recited Act shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment which shall be made or be demanded in pursuance of the said fird recited Act or this Act, after an Appeal made to the said Commissioners in Manner hereby clireded, against such Rate or AdVffment.or if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any O.der, Judgment, or Determination of the said Commissioners, or by nr\y Penalty imposed, or by any Conviction made, or by any other Thing done in pursuance of this Act slave and except in such Cases where any Order, Judgement, or Determination is therein or herein directed to be, final or conclusive, and save and except in such Case9 for which any particular Method of Relief is therein or herein appointed) such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any general Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of Southampton, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have ar.fen, or at any Adjournment of fu-h Sessions, the Person or Persons appealing first giving or causing to be given to the Clerk to the 3 said

41

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

laid Comm'iTioners, Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of his, her, of their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the cause or Matter thereof, and forthwith after such Notice, and before any Distress shall be taken in consequence of any such Conviction, entering into a Recognizance before ome Justice of the Peace for the said County, with sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of and to pay such Colts as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Sessions or Adjournment thereof, and the Justices at the said Sessions or Adjournment thereof, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given, and of such Recognizance having been entered into as aforesaid, shall hear and finally determine every such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against: as the said Justices shall think proper, and shall and may, at their Discretion, discharge or mitigate all or any of the Penalties or Forfeitures incurred by the Party or Parties appealing, and the Determination of the said Justices in their said general Quarter Sessions or Adjournment thereof, shall be final, binding, and condusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit'shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in purtuance of the said recited Act or this Act, unless Twenty-one Days’ Notice thereof shall be first given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, signed by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or unless the same shall be commenced before the Expiration of Six Months next after the Fad committed, or unless Tender of reasonable Amends hath not, or shall not have been made by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, nor unless such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the County of Southampton, and the Defendant or Defendants in any Action or Suit to be commenced for any Thing dune in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, shall and may plead the General I(Tur, and give the said recited Act and this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the Mat* ter or Thing for which such Action or Suit shall be brought was done in pursuance and by the Authority of the said recited Act and this Act , and if such Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it shall appear that such Action or Suit was brought beforeTwenty-oneDays*Notice thereof was given in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Commissioners, signed by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if it shall appear that such Aclian or Suit was not commenced before the Expiration of Six Months next after the Fad committed, or if it shall appear that Tender of reason* able Amends was made by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit before such Action or Suit was commenced or brought, or such Action or Suit shall be brought in any other County or Place, than in the County of Southampton, that then the Jury shall find fur the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plain* tiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or ddcontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plain, tiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants bath or have in any other Cafes of Law.

Hoc. V Per.] L LXI. And

Limitation of Attioni.

General lITne.

42

[Public Act.]

48‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed ftid taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

: j «IT'S UfsdJ

- 1 .1" »---

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahaw,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 3.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of the several Acts relating to the Oxford CanalNavigation.

[iith.March 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintain- 9 G‘ *' ing a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford: And whereas an Act was passed in the Fifteenth Year i5 g 3- c. 9. of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year 26 G. 3. c. *oj of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend and render more effectual Two Acts of the Ninth and Fifteeth Years of his present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford: And whereas an Act was passed 34. G. 3 c. 103. in the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for amending and altering certain Acts of Parliament for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford: And whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty-ninth Year 89 g. 3. c. 3. of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining, amending, and rendering more effectual several Acts, passed in the Ninth, Fifteenth,

Twenty-sixth, and Thirty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty* 4? G> s seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and altering several Acts for making and maintaining a Navigable [Loc. Es* Per.] M Canal

46

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford: And whereas the said Canal hath been completed and finished; but the said Acts are in some respects found defective and insufficient for the several Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that the Powers and Provisions thereof should be altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem-s»id Acts dc- bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts made fuuVor°ee " in the Ninth, Fifteenth, Twenty-sixth, Thirty-fourth, Thirty-ninth, and and Effect. Forty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Coventry Canal Navigation to the City of Oxford, and all and every the Tolls, Duties, Clatrfes, Powers, Exemptions, Rules, Regulations, Remedies, Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contained (save and except such Parts of the same as relate to any Exemption from Stamp Dudes, and as are by this Act varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, and shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And whereas by the said recite,d Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,it was enacted, That it should and might be lawful for the then next General Assembly of Proprietors, to be held for the Purposes of the said Navigation, to meet at the Three Tuns in Banbury in the County of Oxford, or at some other House in Banbury, upon Wednesday next before the First Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-five, and to hold their Meetings upon Wednesday next before the First Day of May, and Wednesday next bd'ore the First Day of September in every Year for the future, at or before the Hour of Twelve of the Clock at Noon: And whereas the holding of ftie said General Assemblies of Proprietors at Banbury aforesaid bas been found at Times inconvenient, and it would for the future be more convenient to have the fame hclden in the City of Oxford, or at some other Place within Six Miles of the Line of the said Canal; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the said recited Act as directs the said General Assemblies to meet at Banbury, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

General AC- HI- And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the temblies t > he next Two General Assemblies of Proprietors, to be held for the Purposes Oxford-mC of said Acts and this Act, to meet in the City of Oxford upon Wed-vefday next before the Firt Day of May, and Wednesday next before the First Day of September, One thousand eight hundred and eight, and every subsequent General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors shall meet in the said City of Oxford, on Wednesday next before the First Day of May, and Wednesday next before the First Day of September in every Year for the future, at or before the Hour of Twelve of the Clock at Noon: Provided always, that if at any d ime or Times it shall appear fitting and convenient to the Committee of the said Company, that such General Assemblies should be held at any ether Place than the said- City of Oxford, then 3 it

For altering the Place for holding the General Assemblies of the Company.

4S° GEORGII hi. Cap. 3.

47

it shall and may be lawful to hold such General Assemblies, at such Place within the Distance of Six Miles of the Line of the said Canal, as to the said Committee may appear proper: Provided always, that in every such Case the said Committee shall cause publick Notice to be given by Advertisement in some Newspaper, printed or circulated in the said County of s'otic; of Oxford, and also in the County in which such General Assembly is proposed fo"be

to be held (if the fame be not proposed to be held in the City of Oxford) giTCU. of the Place, Day and Hour of holding any such General Assembly, which Place shall be within the Distance aforesaid, and which Day and Hour shall be and continue the same as if such General Assemblies were continued to be held at Banbury, and the said Advertisements for such Purpose shall be published Fourteen Days at least previously to the Day of holding such General Assembly; and all and every the Matters and Things done or executed at the said respective General Assemblies shall be as good, valid, and effectual as if such General Assemblies had been holden at Banbury, any Thing in the said recited Acts or any of them to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanaing.

For repealing certain Regulations contained in 15 G» 5. respecting the Transfer of Aliignments for Snms exceeding tool.

IV. And whereas by the said Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Rules, Regulations, and Provisions were enacted for the transferring, producing, notifying, registering, and entering, and otherwise touching and relating, to the Transfers from Time to Time to be made of the Mortgages or Assignments which the said Com-,pan,v were by the said Act authorized to make as Securities for the Money which they were thereby empowered to raise; but such Rules, Regulations, and Provisions are therebymadeto apply only to such of thesaidSecurities as arefor Sums exceeding One hundred Pounds: And whereas a precise Form of Transfer was by such Act prescribed and required to be endorsed on such Securities: And whereas it is fitting and convenient that such Securities or Assignments, made or granted by the said Company for Sums not exceeding One hundred Pounds, should be subject to the like Rules, Regulations and Provisions as such Securities or Assignments, exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds are subject to, and such precise Form of Transfer and Endorsement should not be required; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, so much of the last-mentioned Act as exempts such Securities or Assignments which do not exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds, or the Holders or Trustees entitled to the fame, from the Rules, Regulations, and Provisions aforesaid, and also so much thereof as requires such precise Form of Transer and Endorsement, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Transfer to be made Tnrurei« of from and after the passing of this Act, of any of such Securities or A1- ^'momctcx--lignments made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or any of them, for ceeding 100I. any Sum not exceeding One hundred Pounds, all and every the Rules, ^/faine* Regulations, and Provisions contained in the said last-mentioned Act, with tcgui nons regard to the transferring, and of producing, notifying, registering, and entering, and otherwise relating to Transfers of such Securities or Assign- je'r i«oi. U* meats,where the Sum exceeds One hundred Pounds, shall to all Intents and Purpose.; be in force and be used and applicable with respect to Sums not exceeding One hundred Pounds, and the Holders and other Persons entitled or who may become entitled to such last-mentioned Securities, shall to all Intents and Purposes be bound by and subject thereto; Provided always,

4S

Wharfs and Wareho fr«, Ac. to be cf-t.iblished at Oxford and other Places where necessary.

Power to puchase Lands for those Purposei.

RepeaIi"K a ce ta it Pa't of p G, s. re-la ring to de-politing of t eon. and oihrr Ai licit» on the Wharfs of the iiid company.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

always, that it shall not be deemed necessary hereafter, in transferring from Time to Time such Securities, whether for Sums exceeding or for Sums not exceeding One hundred Pounds, to use the precise Form of Words of Transfer in the said Act contained, or to indorse such Transfer on the Back of such Security, but it (halt be lawful to use any legal or valid Form of Transfer for all such Securities, of whatever Amount, and to have the fame made by a fepaxate Instrument.

VI. And whereas the said Company of Proprietors find it expedient and necessary, for the better conducing of the Trade of the said Canal, to establish a Wharf, Warehouses, and other Buildings in the City of Oxford aforesaid, and may also hereafter find it expedient and necessary to establish other Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Buildings for the Purpose aforesaid, in other Situations; but the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts are insufficient for such Purpose; be it therefore further enabled, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors of the said Oxford Canal Navigation, and they are hereby authorized to purchase and hold any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall or may be found necessary for the Purpose of erecting and building such Wharfs, Warehouses, and other Buildings, accordingly as aforesaid, in such and the same Manner as in and by the said recited Acts or either of them is directed or authorized with respect to such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as have been or shall or may be purchased for the Use of the said Oxford Canal Navigation, under and by virtue of the fame Acts, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, as aforesaid; and also that it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation to resell in Fee, or to demise for Terms of Years on Chief or other Rents, and also to sell and dispose of, by Way of absolute Sale, for a Consideration in Money, or in Exchange for other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, such Part or Parts of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to he purchased under or by virtue of this Act, and the Edifices, Erections, and Buildings thereon, or to be thereon erected and built, as shall not be wanted for the Purpose of the said Oxford Canal Navigation and Works, and likewifeto fell all or any Part or Parts of the fame Chief or other Rents; provided always nevertheless, that no such Purchase of any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be made, by virtue or under the Authority of this Act, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and such Lands so to be made use of for such Wharfs and Buildings shall not exceed Ten Statute Acres in the Whole, any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them or this Act, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the recited Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as declares that if any Iron, Ironstone, Coals, Lime for the Improvement of Land, or other Goods whatsoever, which should be navigated, carried, or conveyed on the said Canal, should remain upon any Wharf belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, for above the Space of Twenty-four Hours, then mid in such Case it should be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, to receive such Allowance over and above the Tonnage Rates therein limited as should be agreed upon between the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns,- or their

49

48' GEORGII III. Cap.?,-

their Agent or Agents, and the Owner or Owners of fuel) Coals and other Goods, or in case of Difference concerning the same, as should be ascertained by the said Commissioners named in the said Act, or any Five or more of them, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, if any Timber, Iron, Ironstone, Coals, Lime_ for the approvement of Land, Goods, Wares, Merchandise, or other Matters or Things navigated or carried on the said Canal, shall be or remain upon any Wharf or Wharfs, Quay or . Quays belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, for above the Space of Three Hours, then and in every Inch Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to demand and take such Rates and Tolls, over and above and in addition to any other Rates or Tolls that may be demanded and taken for the fame, as shall be agreed on between the said Company of Proprietors, or their Agent or Agents, and the Owner or Owners of such Timber, Iron, Ironstone, Coals, Lime, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or other Matters or Things, his, her, or their Servant or Servants.

IX. And whereas it was by the said Act, passed in the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, enacted, That no Boat or other Vessel of less Burthen than Fifteen Tons, should pass through any..of the Locks of the said Navigation, without the Consent of the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, or their respective Agents for the Time being, in Writing first had and obtained: And whereas a Doubt has arisen whether a Boat or Vessel not actually laden to the Amount of Fifteen Tons, may pass through any of the said Pocks: And whereas it would occasion very great Waite of Water, and be very, prejudicial to the said Navigation, if all Boats or Vessels not actually laden to thb Amount of Fifteen Tons, were permitted to pafs1; be it therefore enacted, That no Boat or other Vessel, not actually and bond fide laden to the full Amount of Fifteen Tons, shall pass through any of the pock or Locks of the said Navigation without the Consent in Writing of the Committee of the said Company, or the principal Clerk to the fame (such Clerk being first duly authorized to give such Consent); except Boats and Vessels, the Whole or greater Part of the Cargo whereof shall consist of light Goods, Merchandize, and other light Articles.

X. And whereas Doubts have arisen how far the said Company of Proprietors are liable to repair the Roads leading to the Bridges already made, or which may happen to be made over the said Canal; be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Company of Proprietors shall not be liable to repair or amend any Part of the Roads approaching to any Bridge or Bridges made or to be made over the said Canal, after such Roads shall have been first made arid used for One Year, and then put into good and sufficient Repair by the said Company of Proprietors, beyond or further than the Extremity of the Wing Walls of any such Bridge or Bridges; but nothing herein contained shall be construed to exonerate the said1 Company of Proprietors from the future Repairs of all such Bridges, and of the Wing Walls, Ramparts, and fide Banks thereof.

« - 1 i J ' ' * 4-. . il'iil '

[Loc. ft? Per.] N XL And

ESablishing other Kegu-litiocs for that Purpose.

Exptiining a Doubt at to certain Vef-tr'a passing through Locks on the said Canal.

Obviating certain Ooubts how far the Company arc li able to repair Kqad leading to Bridges.

5°

For preventing Frauds in loading Goods, &c.

For repealing certain Powers in 34 G. 3. regnlating the I’alT'ge of Boats and Vessels through the Locks, &c.

Power for the Company to regulate the Size and Shape of Boats navigating the said Canal.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

XI. And whereas Frauds are often practised or attempted to be praftifad on the said Company of Proprietors, by loading and unloading Goods and Merchandize at improper Places in a clandestine Manner; be it therefore enacted, That if any Person or Persons navigating or having the Care of any Boat, or other Vessel upon the said Canal or Cuts, or any Part thereof respectively, shall, with Intent to avoid the Payment of the Tolls, Rates, or Duties due and payable to the said Company of Proprietors, load, unload, or take into any Boat, or other Vessel, any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities whatsoever, liable to pay any of the Tolls, Rates, or Duties due and payable to the said Company, by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of them, at any other Place or Places than at the publick or private Wharfs or Quays upon or belonging to the said Canal or Cuts, without first having obtained a Consent in Writing for that Purpose from the Committee of the said Company, or some or One of the Agents or Collectors of the Tolls of the said Company of Proprietors duly authorized for that Purpose, or if any Person shall do any other Act, with Intent to evade the Payment of any such Tolls, Rates, or Duties, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending fluill for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XII. And whereas it was by the said recited Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His Majesty's Reign, enacted, That if any Lock Keeper, Wharfinger, or other Servant belonging to or employed by the said Company of Proprietors, should give any undue Preference or shew any Parti, ality to any Boat or other Vessel in passing through any Lock upon the said Navigation, every Person so offending should forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings to the Informer, to be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty was by the said Acts or any of them directed to be recovered; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall not be deemed an undue Preference in any Lock Keeper to permit any Boat or Vessel, Boats or Vessels, carrying Light Goods, Merchandize, or other Articles, and commonly called Fly Boats, to pass any such Lock or Locks, before a Boat or Vessel laden with Coals, Timber, Stones, Lead, or other heavy Articles, in case such Fly Boats shall be within the Distance of Two hundred Yards of such Locks respectively.

XIII. And whereas it is found expedient for the Safety and Preservation of the said Canal and the Locks, Bridges, Banks, and other Works thereof, to regulate the Shape and Form of Boats or Vessels passing thereon; be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Boat, or other Vessel, which shall pass a Lock or be navigated upon any Part of the said Cut or Canal, shall have a square Head or Stern, or Projection at the Sides or Bottom thereof, or be constructed in any respect so as to injure or tend to injure the Locks, Bridges, Masonry, Banks, Lining, Puddling, or other Works of the said Canal; and no Boat or Vessel so built as to occasion such Injury, shall be suffered to pass any Lock or be navigated on the said Canal (except by the special Permission of the Committee of the said Company, or their Clerk for that Purpose duly authorized) but the same shall and may be flopped and prevented from passing any Lock or navigating the said Canal by the said Company, their Servants or Agents.

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 3-

XIV. And belt further enacted, That so nuich of the said recited Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as declares that no Boatman or his Agent or Servants navigating any Boat or other Veiled upon the said Cut-or Canal and passing with any Boat or other Vessel through any Lock to be made upon the said Cut or Canal, should fuller the Water to remain in the hock longer than is necessary for his Boat or other Vessel to pass through any Inch Lock, and also that-every such Boatman or other Person as aforesaid, in going down the said Cut or Canal, should (hut the Lower Gates of such Lock before he or they should draw the Cloughs of the Upper Gates thereof, and after he or they should have brought his or their Boat or other Vessel into the said Lock, should {hut the Upper Gates before he or they should draw the Clough of the Lower Gate thereof, and in going up the said Cut or Canal should, so soon as he or they should have passed with his or their Boat or other Vessel out of the said Lock, {hut the Upper Gates of the said Lock, and afterwards draw the Cloughs of the Lower Gates, unless there should be then a Boat or other Vessel in fight of the said Lock coming down the said Cut or Canal, in which Cafe th# Lower Gates of the said Lock should be left {hut, and the Upper Gate should he left open; and in all dry Seasons, when there should be a Scarcity of Water in the said Cut or Canal, the Vessel going up the fame, if within fight of and at a Distance not above Three hundred Yards below a Lock, should pass through such Lock before the Vessel coming down, and then the Vessel next above should come down; and if there were more Vessels than One below and above any Lock at the same Time, in such dry Season, within the Distance aforesaid (at which Diitance a Post or Mark should be let up or made for that Purpose) such Vessels should go up and come down in such Locks by turns as aforesaid, till all the Vessels going up or coming down should have passed, by which Means One Lock full of Water might serve Two or more Vessels; and every Person offending in any of these Particulars, and being convicted thereof before any Justice of the Peace, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witne'ffes, as also the Mailer or other Person having the Command of such Boat or Vessel, should forfeit the Sum of Forty Shillings shall be and the fame is hereby repealed and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, every Boatman and other Person navigating or having the Care of any Boat or other Vessel, in going down the said Canal from a higher to a lower Level, shall, previously to his bringing his Boat or Vessel into any Lock, shut the Lower Gates of such Lock, and the Paddles or Sluices thereto belonging, before he shall drawthe Paddles or Sluices of the upperGate thereof, and after he shall have guided and brought his Boat or Vessel into the said Lock, he shall then shut the upperGate thereof, and the Paddles and Sluices thereto belonging, before he shall draw the Paddles or Sluices of the Lower Gates thereof; and in going up the said Canal from a lower to a higher Level, such Boatman or other Person shall first guide his Boat or Vessel into the said Lock, and carefully flint the Lower Gates thereof, and the Paddles or Sluices thereto belonging, before he shall draw the Paddles or Sluices of the Upper Gate thereof, and as soon as he shall have passed with his Boat or Vessel out of the said Lock, such Boatman or other Person shall securely (hut the Upper Gate thereof, and the Paddles or Sluices thereto belonging;

v> - t*h' I " -"‘lJ and

51

So much of the recited Act 9 G 3. as respects the navigating Vessels on ti e Canal, repealed.

Pi rfons navigating Boats and passing through Locks, to shut the Lmytr Gates of such Lock before they shall draw the.Paddles or

shikfsgme;

Upper Cides'

5

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

and at all Times, Boats or Vessels going up the said Cut or Canal, if within fight of any Boat or Vessel coming down, and at a Distance not exceeding Two hundred Yards below any Lock, shall pals through such Lock before the Boat or Vessel coming down, and then the Boat or Vessel above such Lock shall come down; and if there shall be more Boats or Vessels than One below and above any Lock at the same Time, within the Distance aforesaid, such Boats or Vessels shall go up and come down through such Locks, by turns as aforesaid, until all the Boats or Vessels going up or coming down shall have passed the fame, in order that One Lock full of Water may serve Two Boats or Vessels; and if any Person or Persons shall offend against any such Provision or Provisions, Rule or Rules, Regulation or Regulations for entering or passing any such Lock or Locks, or for the opening or shutting any Gate or Gates thereof, or for drawing or shutting the Paddles or Sluices thereof or any of them, then and in every such Case every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

verfuns

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall

toniy opening wantonly or unnecessarily open or draw or cause to be opened or drawn Locks, uz. any Lock, Paddle, Sluice, or Valve belonging to the said Canal, or when necessarily emptying a Lock for the Purpose of passing into or entering the fame, shall neglect to shut the Top Gate thereof and the Paddles or Sluices thereto belonging, before he shall draw the Paddles and Sluices of the Bottom Gates thereof or any of them, or shall wilfully fiufh or draw off, or cause to be flushed or drawn off the Water from any Part of the said Canal, or shall leave any Gate, Paddle, or Sluice of any Lock open after any Boat or Vessel shall have passed through the fame (except in such Cases as are other.vise ordered) he or they shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVn. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as declares, that if the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors or Assigns, should fail or neglect to mfpecfc or cause the Mines therein mentioned to be inspected within Thirty-one Days after the Receipt of the Notice thereby required to be given, then it should and might be lawful for the Worker or Workers of such Mines, and he, she, and they were thereby authorized to work and get such Part of the said Mine lying under the said Canal or collateral Cuts of the said Company of Proprietors, or within the Distance of Twelve Yards therefrom, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

content of the

XVIII. And whereas by the said Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign iianTowneri of His present Majesty it was declared, that it should be lawful for the Lords to work Mines of Manors or Owners of Lands or Grounds upon or through which the said "hcRMitVo ^anal or *ts Towing-paths, Wharfs, Quays, or Conveniences should be Eamiges. " made, to take and carry away the Mines, Minerals, or Quarries, lying within or under such Lands or Grounds not thereby injuring, prejudicing, or obstructing the said Cut or Canal, or its Towing-paths, Wharfs, Quays, Trenches, Sluices, Levels, Passages, Watercourses, or other Conveniences thereof: And whereas by the said Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, all Owners and Proprietors of

Mines,

53

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

Mines, and all other Persons whatsoever, were restrained from working any Mines, or getting any Coals or other Minerals under the said Canal or its Towing-paths, or under any Grounds within the Difiance of Twelve 'Yards from either Side of the said Canal, on any Account whatsoever, without the Consent of the said Company of Proprietors in Writing, under their Common Seal: And whereas Doubts have been raised with respect to the Effect of giving such Consent; be it therefore further enacted, That the giving of such Consent as aforesaid by the said Company of Proprietors,

shall not be deemed to be a Waiver on the Part of the said Company, their Successors and Assigns, of any Right to Damages or Reparation for any Injury, Prejudice; or Obstruction done or occasioned to the said Canal or its Towing Paths, Wharfs, Quays or other Conveniences by the working or carrying on such Mines, or getting the said Coals or Minerals within the Distance aforesaid, or under the said Canal or its Towing Paths; but that all such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Persons to whom such Consent may be given, shall notwithstanding the fame be given, remain liable to all Suits and Actions, and other Remedies on the Part of the said Company, for any Injury, Prejudice, or Obstruction so occasioned as aforesaid, in the like Manner as they would be and remain liable, either at Common Law, or by virtue of the said recited Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com- p°m1parnot pany of Proprietors shall not be called upon or in any Manner liable to fining of pay or make good to any such Owner or Owners, or other Person or Per- shafts, etc. forts as aforesaid, by Way of Compensation, Damages, or in any other Mariner whatever, the Expence of sinking any Shaft or Shafts, or of any other Works or Work, Preparation for any Works or Work, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, incidental to or done for, towards, or with a View' of working the said Mines within the said Distance of Twelve Yards of the said Canal or the collateral Cuts thereof, or incidental to or for, or towards, or with a View of continuing or extending, or proceeding with any such Work or Works, within such Distance as aforesaid, but that all such Expences so contracted shall be deemed to be voluntarily and unne-ceflarily contracted on the Part of the Persons so contracting the fame, and the said Company shall not be required or compelled to pay and discharge such Expences or any of them.

XX. And whereas it might in some Cafes be expedient that the said »ni1

Company of Proprietors should be authorized to enter into special or par- Lands'/ ticular Agreements with the Owner or Owners of the said Mines, or other enter into Persons working the fame, touching the getting Coal and carrying on such tflorCng Works within the Distance of Twelve Yards aforesaid, upon such Terms Mines, etc. and Conditions as may be stipulated or agreed upon on both Sides; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall be Tv- nty lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, if they shall so think fit, and for the Owner or Owners, or other Person or Persons, if they shall think fit, to enter into any Bond, Covenant, Instrument, or Agreement for or touching the working of the said Mines, or carrying on the said Works under the said Canal, or its collateral Cuts, or within the Distance aforesaid, upon and subject to such Terms and Conditions as may from Time to Time be particularly stipulated and agreed upon in that Behalf, any [Loc. S35 Per.] 0 Thing

54

For the more eaf’y and speedy Conviction of (Minders aga'nft the said Acts and this Act.

Form of Conv'c.ion.

For paying the Expences of pa ng this Act.

Pnbiick Act.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 1,

Thing in the said recited Acts or any of them, or in this Act, contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all and every such Bonds, Covenants, Instruments, or Agreements so entered into for such last-mentioned Purposes, shall be to all Intent* and Purposes valid and binding on all the Parties thereto.

XXI. And for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against the said recited Acts or any of them, or this Act; be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace, before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence or Offences against the said recited Acts or any of them, or this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form; viz.

c DE it remembered. That on the Day of

in the Year of Our Lord

A.B. is convicted before of His Majesty's Justices

‘ of the Peace for the County of {jPecfy‘nS

c the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where committed, as the ‘ Case may be]. Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first

above written.’

- ' EC'- '

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the C.olls, Charges, and Expences of applying for, obtaining, and passing this Act, and all Colts, Charges and Expences incident thereto, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors of the Oxford Canal Navigation, out of any Money received or to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON:

Printers

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

i ;i u

Cap. 4.

An Act for continuing and amending Two Acts of the Fifth and Twenty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hurjigreen to the Extent of the Parish of Burwash, in the County of Sussex. [nth March 1808]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of His present ’a /\/ Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, jC.j. c. 6* V and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurffgreen, in the County of Sussex, through Etchingham and Burwalh to the Extent of the said Parish of Burwalh, in the said County: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His said present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term and altering and >7 G. 3. c. 7*. enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Hurftgreen, in the County of Sussex through Etchingham and Burwalh, to the Extent of the fid Parish of Burwalh, in the said County: And whereas the said Acts are near expiring, and a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed and is now due and owing upon the Credit thereof, which Money cannot be repaid and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the said Acts arecontihued for a further Term and the Tolls thereby granted increased, and foine of the Powers and Provisions contained in the said Acts should be amended and altered, and other Powers granted: May it therefore please Your-Majesty that it may be enacted;- and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and [Loo. Per.l P with

5*

F irmer AC continued.

Trusteer.

48* G F. O RGII III. Cap. 4.

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts of the Fifth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all the Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained and now subsisting, except so far as the fame relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, shall be and remain in full force for the further 'I erm herein-after mentioned, in like Manner and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act; which said additional Term, and all the 'dolls, Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things hereby continued or granted, are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the said recited Acts, and of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall be borrowed for the Purposes of this Act, and of the interest due or to grow due for the fame respectively.

H, And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable, George AJb-burnbam commonly called Lord Viscount Saint Asaph, Thomas Ei/ley Baker, Henry Bishop Clerk, William Bishop, John Baker of Wadhurst, WHttam Baker of Ticehurst, Benjamin Bufi, Samuel Baker, John Baker of Heathfield, Thomas Blundell, Samuel Blundell, George Court hope, George Courthope junior, William Constable. Edward Jeremiah Curteis, Thomas Calverley, William Clulow, Whiifeld Curteis, William Courthope, Richard Constable, John Constable, Thomas Concy, William Cheefman, JJmApsley Dal~ rymplc, James Ellis, John Fuller of Park Gate, John Fuller of Rose Hill, John Trayton Fuller, George Augustus Fuller, John Fry, George Fuller, Thomas Fuller, John Flurry, Richard Green, Walker Gsuldsmith, Thomas Francis Gorringe, Henry Launcelot Gouldsmith, Richard Hollijl, Edward Hujfey, Robert Hawes, Edward Hujfey junior, William Hujfey, John Burrell Hayley, John Hodson, William Hyland, John Hilder, Thomas Hilder, Edward Hilder, Edmund Hilder, Stephen Jenkin, John Kirby, Charles Lamb, Luck, Joseph Langley, John Micklethwaite, William

Markwick, Joseph Mepham, John Morris, Francis Newbery, Samuel Newington, Henry Noakes, William Noakes of Ticehurst, JeJfe Newington, Charles Newington, Horatio Newington, John Newington, Joseph Newington of Burwafh, William Noakes of Etchingham, John Noakes, Jotl Newington, Henry Plajled, Samuel Playtled, Henry Playfled junior, John Pat tender., Robert Paitenden, John Roberts, Richard Rideout, Samuel Rutley, William Richardson, John Tilden Sampson, William Shadwell, William Salmon, Tilden Smith, John Srtepp, Hugh Tatty, Tuttcy, William Trivett

senior, William Trivett junior, Robert Tournay, Sir Godfrey Webjler Baronet, John Vigor, James Vigor, Wiliam Welfit, Robert Watts, and Charles Wardroper, and their Successors, to be appointed in the Manner directed by the said first recited Act, and qualified in the Manner therein directed, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting the said former Acts and this Act in Execution; and it shall be laws ul for the said Trustees or any Two or more of them, although they shall not have taken the Oath of Qualification required by Law to bq taken by the said Trustees, to administer such Oath to all or any of the Trustees present at their First Meeting after the Commencement of this Act.

4^ GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

liL And be it further enacted, That inllead of the Tolls and Duties Tolls, granted and made payable by the said recited Acts, the Tolls and Duties following shall, from and after the Commencement of this Act, be demanded and taken at every Turnpike Gate erected or to be erected upon or across and on the Sides of the said Road by virtue of the.laid recited i^fts or of this Act, before any Cattle or Carriage whatsoever, upon which any Tell is hereby imposed, shall be permitted to pals through the fame or any of them; (that is to say,)

59

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Hearse, C.haife, or Calalh, drawn by Four or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two or Three Horses, Mares, Geldings* or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by One Horl’e, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, oroth r such Carriage drawn by Three or Four H.irles, Mares, Gc-ldings, Pairs of Oxen, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, Pairs of Oxen, or Mules; the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by One Horl'e, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, or One Pair of Oxen, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead of Draught, laden or unladen, and not drawing* the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Dr ive of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in proportion for every greater or less Number: For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of f ive-pence per Score; and so in proportion for every greater or less Number: For every Carriage laden with Timber, Wood, Faggots, Hop Poles, Chalk, Lime, Marie, Bricks, Tiles, Mine Charcoal, Sea Coal, Iron Guns, or other Iron, parting through any of the said Gates or Turnpikes between the Tenth Day of October and the Fifth Day of April; and for every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Hearse, Chaile, or Calalh, and for every Horl'e, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Beall of Burthen, laden or unladen, and not. drawing; and for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, which shall pass through any of the said Gates on a Sunday, Double the Tolls herein-before mentioned for the parting of every such Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Beall of Burthen, Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs:

Which said respective Tells herein-before mentioned shall be and are hereby declared to be vested in the Trustees for executing this Act for the Time being, and they or any Five or more of them shall have such and the fame Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for varying, mortgaging, transferring, leafing, and compounding for the Tolls and Duties hereby granted or made payable, and the same shall and may be collected, levied, recovered, and paid in the same Manner and Form as in and by the said recited Acts are given and expressed with respect: to the Tolls thereby granted or made payable.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That every Person or Limiting the Persons having paid the Tolls or Duties by this Act granted at one of the Number of said loll Gates or Turnpikes erected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or taken.'0 to be erected by virtue of this Act upon, across, or on the Sides of the said Road through which such Person or Persons shall have parted with any 1 Hor(e,

6o

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Cattle, or Carriage, and producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment at the next Toll Gate or Turnpike erected upon, across, or on the Sides of the said Road through which such Person or Persons shall have Occasion to go or pass (which laid Note or Ticket the Collector is hereby required upon Demand to give) shall be exempt from the Payment of any Toll for such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Cattle, or Carriage passing through such next Toll Gate or Turnpike, and returning or going at any Time through the fame Toll Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, before Twelve of the dock at Night on the same Day, with the fame Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Cattle, or Carriage, unless such Carriage shall be laden with Wood. Faggots, or Hop Poles, in which Cafe every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage so laden with Wood, Fageots, or Hop Poles, which has not paid the Toll after being so laden, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of the Toll granted by this Act for passing through any 'loll Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, after being so laden, any Thing in the said first recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; but if any Person or Persons shall pass the same Day through the fame Toll Gate or Toll Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes a Third Time with any Carriage whatsoever, then such Person or Persons shall be liable and compellable to pay the said Toll or Duty hereby imposed on such re-fpcftive Carriage, and to receive another Note or Ticket, which the Collector is hereby required to deliver'as aforesaid, and which shall entitle him, her, or them, to return through the fame Toll Gate or Turnpike with the fame Carriage upon the same Day Toll free, and so toties quoties for every Third Time the said Person or Persons shall pass and repass the same Day through the fame Toll Gate or Turnpike on the said Road with any Carriage or Carriages as aforesaid.

f omToU1* J^n(^ ke further enacted, That no Person shall be charged with

' m any of the Toils or Duties aforesaid for any Materials for repairing any

Road or Highway in any Parish or Place through which the said Road leads, or for any Hay or Corn in Time of Harvest carrying to the Barns of the Proprietors, or for any Corn in Straw, Hay or Straw, to be laid up or housed in any Barns or Outhouses, or upon the Lands and Premises of and belonging to any of the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes in which the said Road doth lie (except such Corn, Hay, or Straw be fold or for Sale); or for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry; or for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs that shall be rode or drove or led with a Halter only to any one of the Blacksmith’s Shops or Traviles in the Town or Village of Burwash aforesaid for the Purpose of being ihod, and shall return in like Manner without being laden and not drawing; or for any Hop Poles which shall grow and be used in the Parishes in which the said Road doth lie by the Occupiers of Lands in the said Parishes of Burwash and Etchmgham or either of them (except the fame be fold or for Sale); or for any Dung, Mould, Marie, Comport: or other Materials to be used in amending or manuring of Land (except Chalk and Lime); nor shall any of the Tolk or Duties hereby laid be demanded or taken from the Rector, officiating Minister, or other Person or Persons redding in the said Parishes in which the said Road lies, who shall on Sundays or other Days on which Divine Service is celebrated, pass through any of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes to and from any Church, Chapel, or other Place

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 4, 61

Place of religious Worship within the said Parishes or One of them; or when attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in the said Parishes; nor for any Horses, Mares, Geldings or other Cattle or Beads going to or returning from Water or Padure, belonging to any of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes; nor for any Horses or Carriages of whatsoever Description employed in conveying or guarding the Mails of Letters and Expresses, under the Authority of His Majesty's Podmader General* or when returning from conveying the fame; nor for the Horses of Soldiers upon their March or on Duty; nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed far and on the Days of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming Exemption, or for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons attending them or laden with their Arms or Baggage; nor for Horses, Carts, or Waggons travelling with Vagrants sent by Passes; nor for any Horse, or other Bead or Carriage conveying any Eletlor or Electors going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Sussex, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall leave Penalty on or cause to be left upon or near any Part of the said Road any Waggon, ev*d"'s r° Wain, Cart, Carriage, Horse, Cattle or Bead, with Intent to evade the said lolls or any Part thereof, every Person so offending in each of the said Cafes diall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a bum not exceeding Fifty Shillings.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons, who by Law are or shall Kstablishing

be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repair- the*

ing and amending the said Road or any Part thereof, shall dill remain lia- Performance ble thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any pu®tatute Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, and they

are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Compodtion for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place to bring in Lids before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compodtion for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether [Lor. Per. j Q with

6i

Alt] I

jit.m'joUj'i jJOjr.JK io

viu u

Directions how the Trust Money shall be applied.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the r* spaftive Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Mainer and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be" directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the publickLIighways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of 'he Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Ilarveft) and on such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Ma"ner as any Penalty is by the said Acts or either of them authorized or directed to to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Truffee , shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any I abnurer dr Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer or shall be lent, with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road shall be found idle, or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is. hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found.idle or hegligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject arid liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid I as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught bdd ndt,been lent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said- Trustees, and applied towards amending:the. laid Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect fto give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in faiie or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such 'Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

» , nismT to,) > 4. '

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which before the Day of the Commencement of this Act shall have been raised and produced by virtue of the saidiTwo Acts of the Fifth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty or either of them, and shall be undisposed of on the Day of the Commencement of this Act, and also all the Monies which shall arise and be produced'by or from the Tolls by this Act granted or made payable, together with the Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act, and not herein otherwise appropriated or directed to

b«

48‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 4. -63

be appficff, shall be vetted in the said Tru flees for the Time being and applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and ManriCr following; that is to say, in the First Place, in Payment of all the Colts, Charges and Expences incident to or attending the obtaining and patting of this Act; in the Second Place, in paying the Interest accruing upon the several principal Sums of Money which shall at the Time of the Commencement of this Act and from Time to Time thereafter be due and owing on Mortgage or Security of the Tolls granted by this Act at the Rate of Five per Centum per Annum, or at such lower Rate of In-teretl as shall be agreed upon between the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, and the several Persons for the Time being entitled to such Principal Sums, in the Third Place, in defraying the Expences ot erecting and providing Tumpikes, ToH Houses, and other Buildings, and repairing the fame, and ot altering, widening, turning, repairing, and improving the said Road, and Of executing the other s of this Act; and lastly, in reducing, paying off, and discharging such Principal Sums as lait aforesaid.

IXv And be it fuithef enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, of compen-taken; of tifed by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, which shall Money belong to arty Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation, Ag- amounting gregate or Sole,'Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, Femes to so°1-Covert, or other incapacitated Person or Persons, such Money shall, if the fame amount to the Sunt of TlvO hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of- the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte die Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be paid under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said CourtJ to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a'funimary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Reids and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax', or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments. or-affecting-other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled to- the fame-or the’like LTfes,-Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall ‘rtOf be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which Ural! be- liobVeye'd-fthd (etried to, for, and upon such and the like Uses,

Trurts, IrtunN,'and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be"fo-put-chafedj-taken,-or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, dr such-of them as-gt the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking effect; and in the meaii Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall,'by Order of the* said-Oeurr of Chancery, upon Application there--trt, he fnVertctb%y:the ftiid Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of ThrCe 'per]Centum Confelidated,' or Three per Centum Reduced Bank A'nhoitiee,-arid'in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends-and annual Preduce-of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank

Annuities

64 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, w the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application when the Compc ration is iefs than sool. and exceeds 10I.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed orafleffedto be paid for any Lands, Ttnements.or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Body Politick or toany Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall belefsthan the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents ana Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their re-fp ftive Hands be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Priv ty of the said Accountant General of the High Cou't of Chancery and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the fame shall be paid a' the like Op' ion to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Apptu-ition

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money Money is f° agreed or assessed to be paid as herein before mentioned, shall be lef than iefs than ml. Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

in case of not

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to Title"" °Ut w^om any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded or assessed for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded or assessed as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovtred, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them to order the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded or assessed as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity 11 of

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 4. 6<

of the said Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof according to the respective Eftare or Eliates, Title or interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises, as to the said Court shall seem just and

reasonable; and the Cashier or Caftiiers of the Bank of England, w.ho shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Persons in Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any shall'b^deerii Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the e<l well enti-

Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfu- contray be*'

ance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- fhcwn.y ments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchal'ed in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities; the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reafoit The Court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under rxpences of the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money Jjwchafe* to for the fame shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be ap- Trustee«7 plied in the Purchase of other Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as to the Court shall seem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be. paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to [Lot. & Per.) R Time

66

Publick Act.

Commence-Continuance of the Act.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall

direct.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame

being pleaded specially.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence on the Day the same shall receive the Royal Assent, and shall continue in force for the TernTof Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strjshan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 5-

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Scole Bridge to Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk. [nth March 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and 9 G- 3* widening the Road from Scole Bridge, to the Place where the East Gate lately flood in the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing ss G. the Term of an Act of the Ninth Ttar of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Scole Bridge to the Town of Bury Saint Edmunds, in the County of Suffolk; and for amending the fetid Ad: And whereas the Trustees acting in the Execution of the said Acts have made great Progress in the Repairs of the said Road, and for that Purpose have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which dill remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, andfome of the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Autho- Formsr Adb, rities, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things continued, therein contained (except such Parts thereof as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties, and also such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed)

shall be and remain in full Force and Efteft, and shall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained; and that this Act shall commence and take efteft upon the passing thereof, and the Term and Powers hereby granted shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts, and of such other Sums of Money as shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof and of this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

[Lflf.yPrr.] S n. And

7o

Additional T rultces.

For MTtn'jig the Quorums of T rultccj.

Finpowcring the frustees to erect Side Gates.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

II. And be it further enacted, That John Arnys the younger, Henry Edward Bunbury, Thomas D'Eye Betts, James Betts, Adam Baynes, Edward Bridgman the younger, George Boldero Clerk, James Crosbie, John Cobbold the younger, Zach/iriah Crabb, Zachariah Crabb the younger, Nathaniel D'Eye Clerk, Philip Harrison, Thomas Hawes, William Hepworth Clerk, Philip Meadows Clerk, Daniel Rttft Meadows, John Mills, Robert Nunn, John Parson, William Pemberton Clerk, Gill Stedmsn, John Sparke the younger, Thomas Peyton Slapp Clerk, James Smith the younger, Barnard Smith, James Singleton, Mark Singleton, Marmaduke Wilkinson Clerk, John Worth, Henry Walton, William Walker Clerk, George Walker Clerk, and Richard Wright Clerk (being qualified according to the Directions of the said first: recited Act) shall be and are hereby added to and joined with the surviving and remaining Trustees, appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, for putting the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, and shall have the like Powers for that Purpose as if they had been named and appointed Trustees in or byi virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them.

III. And whereas the Quorums of Trustees mentioned in the said first recited Act are found to be too large, it frequently happening that so many of the Trustees cannot conveniently be aiTemMed; be it therefore further enacted, That the Number of Trustees present at.any Meeting to beheld in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, competent far the federal Purposes hereafter mentioned, shall be as follows; (that is to lay) ‘for revoking of Orders and Determinations of Trustees; for empowering Trustees to compound for Debts; for reducing the Tolls and raising them again; for borrowing Money; forpurchafing Land, or altering the Course of the Road; for electing new Trustees; for altering, removing, or putting up any Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Gates or Side Bars, or altering Cross Gates; for appointing a Treasurer, Surveyors, Clerks, Gate Keepers, or other Officers, Seven only of the Trustees shall be necessary; and for letting the Tolls; for compounding for the Tolls for One Year; for making Arches upon or across the Road, and digging and cutting Drains, Watercourses, and other Works, to keep the Road dry; for compounding with the Parishes for the Statute Duty; for examining, auditing, and settling the Annual Accounts, and all other common and general Business of the Trust, Five only of the Trustees shall be necessary; any Thing in the said recited Acts, or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: Provided that nothing herein contained shall be construed to repeal or alter the Powers and Directions given in and by the said recited Acts, or either of them, to One or more of the Trustees or their Clerk for adjourning Meetings.

IV. And whereas the Trustees are by the said first recited Act empowered to erect Side Gates on the Side or Sides of the said Road, and cross any Lane or Way leading out of the fame, in order to prevent Persons from avoiding the Tolls by turning off the said Road, but the Powers so given are found insufficient completely to prevent such Practices, there being other Places at which Persons can turn off and avoid paying the Tolls, which they ought of right to pay; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, if they judge necessary, to erect or cause to be erected a Turnpike or Turnpikes, Side Gate or Side Gates, at or near the Side or Sides of the said Road, and in or across any Lane or Way, Lanes or Ways leading out of the fame (not exptessly prohibited in and

8 by

48° GEORGII III: Cap. 5.

by the said recited Aids or eiThevr of them) and to erect Toll Houses and inclose Garden Ground, in like Manner and under the like Rules and Di-ressions as are in the said Act mentioned concerning the same; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, to demand, take, and receive at all such Turnpikes or Side Gates so authorized to be ereffed and set up across the several Lanes and Ways before mentioned, such and the like Tolls, and in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions, as are authorized to be taken at any other Turnpike erected upon the said Road.

V. And be it further enaOcd, That if any Person or Persons shall, with any Horse, Cattle, Bean:, Swine, or Carriage whatsoever. turn oft' the said Turnpike Road and come on to the lame again, with Intent- to evade the Payment of the said Tolls or any Part thereof, or shall in any other Manner or by any other Means intentionally evade the fame, every Person so offending shall for each such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, one' Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to be applied for the Pnfpafd ‘Of this ACft.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, Or Beast, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from Carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying, or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, Or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Road lies; OrHay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses, or on the Lands of the Owners; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast employed in carrying or conveying, or going eirfpty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Lime, Mould, Dung, Compost, or Manure efnployed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farms or Lands; or for any Horse or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Wgftring Places, or going to be or returning from being Ihoed or farried; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Townships of Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Mir.ifterial Duty on a Sunday, oc any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, of whatever Deferip-tion, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Erpreffes under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, cr guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Cart, Cattle, or Beast, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fe'nt by legal Passes, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Eleftkm of a Knight or Knigh.s of the Shire to ferre in Parliament for the Cetmty of Suffolk, on the Day

or

Penalty on Persons evading the lolls.

Eaemptions from 1 oil.

72 4-3° GEORGII III., Cap'S'

or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going o or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons shall be drafted in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements. according tc the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this A£h granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty’ Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

Persons charg-

VII. Provided always, and belt further enacted, That all Persons who

Work° tocon* ^7 Daw arc or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable

tinue so. towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Suffolk, and they are hereby required, upon Application made to them by the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, respectively to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Flace, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in true and perfect Lifts in Writing before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, within Five Days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or 3S Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums :o be paid, which Lifts shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effeS for the Repair of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and on such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time

or

48® GEO HG11 III. Cap.'s- 73

or Times as they the said Justices shall direct 5 and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Di if refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Inch Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for hhn,_ her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abodejbr that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts,

Horse or Horses, Beait or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be' subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught, to work on the said Road, shall be found idle of negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as' aforesaid, and in that Gafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments, aforesaid as if he had neglefited or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on' any Part of the said Road, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending-the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highway s for. any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lilts as aforesaid; or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and ^mpounJTfor for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree Statute w ork. by the Year, or otherwise, with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on the said Road, of any Pait thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes, Town-ships, or Places in which the said Road is situate, for a certain Sunj of Money by the Year, or ottierwife, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in.lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said-Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road; which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Serveyop or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person oc Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer to the said Trustees ia. advance, on or before the Twenty-second Day of November in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish, Towrdhip, or Place, shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.: . . - na r rr ~:

;JX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application of awarded to be paid for- any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- Mon^when" chafed, taken, or used by- virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts amounting to and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Cor- ^C)XCC£:d'n8 poration. Feme Covert; Infant, Lunatick, Or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly: [Lea Per.]; >, - T mentioned

74-

48° GEORGII III. Gap. 5.

mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of , T\vo hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity cf Line Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to hi* Account ex parte the Tru(fees fop executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, ag the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Dfes, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, 1 rusts. Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making the Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the Meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the Meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money than loot* agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-and exceeding ments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging ,o1- to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or

Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their. Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid irtto the Bank, with the Privity and in the Name of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to Iris Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the Manner herein-before directed, or other-i r, wife the same shall be paid at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be no-

minated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts

75

48° GEORGII in. Cap:5.

and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends atifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned Oiall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, qr their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to °[|u"ot whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Titiesf ° Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purposes of the said. Road, shall refuse tp accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premlfcs, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case the Person or Persons Ip whom any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid if Peribn3 cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tene- p,r_ ments, or Hereditaments, be not known or, discovered, then and in every such chafe Money Cafe it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, pr any Five or the’jBink. 'Bt° more of them, to order the Sum and Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed, to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [describing them \ subject to the Order, Cpntroul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum and Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Proceeding, or other-wife as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and Inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof,or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates,

Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who Oiall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is cr are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise Respefling touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant. General of the Court of Chancery, ia pursuance of the said recited Acts Or this 9

Court of Chancery to direct the Payment of Expences.

For Paying the Expences of the Act.

Public Act-

Term and Continuance of the Act.

4»°- GEORGII ITI. Cap. 5.

Act, for the life, of the said Road, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tene* meats, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments* at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful One, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, lenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said recited Acts, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the Laid Trustees or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Tune pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs and Charges incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, together with lawful Interest for the fame, from the passing thereof, shall be paid out of any Money collected or received, or to be collected or received, by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a 1’ublick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said recited Acts shall from and after the passing of this Act, cease and deter-

mine; and that the said Acts (subject to the Alterations, Additions* and Amendments herein contained) and this Act, shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

- 1 /-»

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strah.\n, Printers to the Xing’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*iMH C*JM!*

Cap. 6.

An Act for inclosing Lands in Chapel Allerton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[nth March 1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the Manor and Township of Chapel Allerton, in the Parish of Leeds in the West Riding of the County of York, several Moofs, Commons, and Waste Grounds, containing together by Estimation Eight hundred and eighty Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas John Dixon Esquire, is or claims to be foie Lord of the said Manor of Chapel Allerton, and as such entitled to the Soil of all the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds: And whereas several other Persons also claim to be entitled to certain Proportions of and in the said Manor of Chapel Allerton, and of and in the Soil of the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds: And whereas the said John Dixon, Sir Henry Charles Englefield Baronet, James Graham, Wade Brown, Gamaliel Lloyd Esquires, and others, are Owners of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Manor and Parish, and in respect thereof are or claim to be entitled to Right of Common upon the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Ad certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the passing of such AdsAnd whereas the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds are, in their present State, incapable of Improvement; and it would be of great Advantage tp all Persons interested therein, and likewise of publick Utility, if the fame were to be divided [foe. If Per.~\ U and

Commis-

fioner.

Ssir/eyor.

4.8‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

And inclosed, and specifick Parts and Shares thereof allotted to such Persons, according to their respective Rights and Interests; but as such Division, Allotment, and Inclcfure, cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be.it enacted by. the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with tin* Adylcp and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the said Manor and Township of Chapel Allerton, shall, as soon as conveniently may be, be set out, divided, and allotted by William Whitclock, of Brotherton in the said County of York, Gentleman, who is appointed by this Act foie Commissioner (or by his Successor to be chosen or appointed as herein-after mentioned) unto and amongst the several Owners and Proprietors and other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights, Shares, and Interests, and agreeable to the Directions of this Act, and to the Rules, Orders, and Directions contained in the said recited Act, and subject thereto in all Respects, except in Cafes where the same are hereby varied or altered; and that Jonathan Taylor of Leeds aforesaid. Land Surveyor, shall be and he is hereby appointed Surveyor, to Purvey, admeasure, plan, and value upon Oath (pursuant to the several Provisions of the said recited Act) the Lands, Tenements, Moors, Commons, Waste Grounds, old Inclosures, Buildings, and Hereditaments, the Quantity or Value of which it may be necessary to ascertain for the Purposes of this Act, the said Survey, Admeasurement, Plan, and Valuation to be subject nevertheless to the Opinion, Correction, and Determination of the said Commissioner; and in case of the Death, Refusal to act, or Resignation of the said Jonathan Taylor, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner, or his Successor, and he is hereby authorized to appoint another Person to be such Surveyor as aforesaid, and so from Time to Time as often as Occasion shall require.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said William Whitclock, the Commissioner appointed by this Act, or any other Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after mentioned, shall die, refuse, or become unable to act, before the Powers hereby vested in him shall be executed, then and so often as it shall so happen, the Persons who respectively for the Time being shall be interested in the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds so intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, or the major Part of them in Value, by and with the Consent of the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, shall and may, by themselves or their Agents, within Thirty Days next after such Commissioner shall happen to die, refuse, or become unable to act, at a publick Meeting of the Proprietors or their Agents to be held for that Purpose, of which Ten Days previous Notice shall be given in One of the Leeds Newspapers, cleft and appoint some other Person (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of him so dying, refusing, or becoming unable to act; and the Person so to be elected shall be inverted with and have the fame Powers and Authorities in all Respects as the Commissioner whom he shall succeed had, or would have had, if living, to act in the Premises.

Commissioner

III. And be it further enacted, That the faii Commissioner, or the Com-to give Notice nftflioner to be appointed as aforesaid, shall and he is hereby required to of Mccuug, 10 give,

Power of choosing another Commissioner, in case of Death, See.

79

, y. 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

give, or cause to be given, publick Notice in die Parish Church of Leeds aforesaid, and in the Chapel of Chapel Allerton aforesaid, upon feme Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing signed by him, to be affixed on the principal Doors of the said Parish Church and Chapel, and also inserted in One or more of the Leeds Newspapers, of the Time and Place of his first and every other Attendance for the Execution of this and the said recited Act, at least Ten Days before such Attendance (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and that all other Notices necessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioner, shall be l'o made and given by Notice to be affixed on the principal Door of the Parish Church of Leeds aforesaid, and on the Door of the Chapel of Chapel Allerton aforesaid, and also by Advertisement to be inserted in One or more of the Leeds Newspapers; and that all Meetings or Attendances of the said Commissioner shall be held within the Parish of Leeds aforesaid, and not more than Six Miles from Chapel Allerton aforesaid; and that th6 several Proprietors interested in the said Division and Inclosure shall, at all Meetings for executing this Act, pay their own Expences.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, touching or concerning the Right to the Soil, or any other Rights and Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have, of or in the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotments, and Inclosure, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner for the Time being, and he is hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioner to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioner shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to him in pursuance of this Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as he shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioner shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuTe to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Person whom,-soever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons 16 neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, in-

terested

Commissioner to settle Dif-putes, but not determine Titles.

Commissionef to assess Colts.

Persons dif-satisfied.w»h the Commis*

86 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

honer’s De- terested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Divuion and maj'1 try^theii- Allotments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Com* Rights at ' missioner, or the Commissioner to be appointed as aforesaid, touching or haw, concerning any Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Moors,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, or to any Right of Common of Failure, or other Right or Interest, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds herein directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioner, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of York, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioner shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, , within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said

Commissioner; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Iffiie or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby insisted upon, may be tried and determined (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Aft ion or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cafes; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Determiua- Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioner, touch-Sione^not" ‘nS Claim or Claims, or other Rights or Interests, in, over, and upon cbjefted to, the Lands and Grounds herein directed to be divided, allotted, and in or after Trial, closed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being to be final. objected to, the Party or Parties objecting notcaufing such Action at Law to be brought within the Space of Two Calendar Months after Objection made, or not proceeded therein as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive on all Parties.

Death of

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of- the Parties not Parties, Plaintiffs or Defendants in any Action to be brought in pursuance ccedin fat *’s Act; (had die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by Law,'nor reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had hap-

Trials suspend pened; and that no such Difference, Action, or Proceeding as aforesaid,

t!T nor any Difference, Dispute, or Proceeding, touching the Title to any

1 ie Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Manor and Township,

shall impede or delay the said Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, but the said Division and Inclosure shall be proceeded in notwithstanding any such Difference, Suit, or Proceeding.

Allotment to

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner, or the

he M°fJ Commissioner to be appointed as aforesaid, shall and do (after fetring

tHeManor. > - ...» * 't'h

8i

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

out such Roads, Ways, and publick Wells and Watering Places, which he is hereby and by the said recited Act authorized and empowered to set but as he shall think proper and requisite) assign, set out, and allot unto the Lord or I.crds as aforesaid of the said Manor of Chapel Allerton, such Part or Parts of the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, as fluII contain and be equivalent to One full Sixteenth Part or Share of the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, as a Compensation and Satisfaction for his or their Right and Interest in and to the Soil of the said Moors,

Commons, and Waste Grounds; and shall also, in like Manner (after Allotment! to fitting out the fame Allotment, and such Roads, Ways, Wells, and the several Watering Places as aforesaid) set out, assign, and allot the Residue of the I>roPrieton-said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, unto and amongst all and every the Owners and Proprietors of ancient Messuages and Cottages, and Scites of ancient Messuages and Cottages, and of Tenements suffered to go to decay, and of Lands and Tenements within the said Manor and Tewnship of Chapel Allerton, having Right of Common thereon, and to all other Person and Persons having Right of Common thereon, and having duly preferred and made good their respective Claims as aforesaid, in due Proportion to the real Value of their respective Lands and Tenements, to be settled and determined by the Commissioner making the Allotments jin which Valuation no Messuage shall be estimated or valued at more than Five Pounds, nor any Cottage at more than Three Pounds); and shall and may plot and lay out the Allotments to be made to each respective Proprietor as nearly together, and as near his, her, and their ancient Messuages. Cottages, Lands, and Tenements as conveniently may be.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com- For *xtin-missioner, or his Successor, at any Time before the Execution of the said gy'ft*‘"g Award, by Notice in Writing under his Hand, to be affixed on the prin- Common, cipal Door of the said Parish Church of Leeds, and on the Door of the Chapel of Chapel Allerton aforesaid, to order and direct all or any Par,t

of the Rights of Common, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or any Part thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended, for and during such Time as shall be expressed in such Writing; and that all such Rights of Common as the said Commissioner shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguished or suspended, shall, from the Time to be mentioned in such Writing, cease, determine, and be extinguished, or be suspended.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner and his Sue- Commission-cessor is hereby authorized and empowered to order and direct to be er may w'den widened, scoured, or cleansed, and to be made, any new Watercourses, water-Ditches, or Drains, in, through, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds courses, &c. hereby intended to be inclosed, and by his Award to direct by whom and

at whose Expence and in what Manner such Watercourses, Ditches, and Drains shall be thereafter repaired, cleansed, and scoured.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leases or For vacating other Agreements at Rack Rent subsisting, of all or any Part or Parts of LeafcS at any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Manor Raclt Reut* or Township of Chapel Allerton aforesaid, for any Term or Number of

Years unexpired, shall immediately upon such Allotments being made, or ’ \Loc. £9* Per.] X at

82

Encroach-

cueuts

4S° GEORGII III: Cap. 6.

at such other Time as the said Compdfticmer shall by his said Award direct, ccafe, determine, and be void, in respect of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or of any Lands or Grounds to be exchanged in pursuance of this Act, the respective Owners and Proprietors of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so in Lease as aforesaid, making such Satisfaction to the Lefiee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, as the said Commissioner shall direct or appoint on Account thereof, or as an Equivalent for the fame: Provided always, that if there shall be any Lease of Lands, Part of which shall lie in the said Manor or Township, and Part in any adjoining Manor or Township, all and every such Lease and Leases at Rack Rent now subsisting may be vacated; but where such Land shall have been taken in Exchange, and shall be under Lease, and wholly situate in an adjoining or other Manor or Township, the Lease of such last-mentioned Land shall not be vacated.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments of, from, or upon the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, which have been made or inclosed within Sixty Years next before the pading of this Act. shall be considered and are hereby deemed to be Part of the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and shall be surveyed, measured, divided, and allotted as Part thereof, in Manner herein after directed: Provided nevertheless, that in case any Encroachments have been made within Twenty Years, to be computed from the Time aforesaid, whereon any Cottages, Buildings, or Erections shall be built or erected, every such Encroachment shall be allotted to the Proprietor or respective Proprietors of such Cottages, Buildings, or Erections, in full or part Satisfaction of the Right of Common or other Intered which such Proprietor or respective Proprietors shall be entitled unto, in respect of other his Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Manor and Township; but in case such Proprietor or respective Proprietors as aforesaid shall not be entitled to any Allotment, or shall be entitled to an Allotment which shall not be equal in Value to the Encroachment or respective Encroachments so made as aforesaid, then on Payment on Demand by the said Proprietor or respective Proprietors as aforesaid to the said Commissioner, or the C.otn-missioner to be appointed as aforesaid, of such Sum or Sums of Money as he shall adjudge to be a jud and equitable Compensation or Consideration for such Land or Ground so encroached as aforesaid, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby authorized and required to allot and award the fame Encroachment or respective Encroachments to the Proprietor or respective Proprietors thereof, his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns: Provided also, that in case any Encroachments have been made or inclosed above Twenty Years and within Sixty Years, to be computed from the Time aforesaid, the said Commissioner shall allot and award the same to the Proprietor or respective Proprietors thereof, in part or in full Satisfaction of his, her, or their Right of Common or other Intered, in, upon, or in respect of the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Grounds, as the said Commissioner shall think proper; but, in case such Encroachment or respective Encroachments shall, in the Edimation of the Hid Commissioner, exceed in Value the Allotment or respective Allotments which, such Proprietor or respective Proprietors ought to receive, then on Payment by the said Proprietor or respective Proprietors to the said Commissioner of such Sum or Sums of Money as he shall deem a jud and equitable Consideration and Compensation for the Land or Ground so encroached, the said Commissioner shall

48° GEORGII III. Cup.6.. 83

Avail and h^ is hereby authorized and required to allot and award the same to' the Proprietor or respective Proprietors thereof, his, her, or rheir Heirs or Assigns: Provided also, that in case Default shall happen to be made in Payment of the fai 1* Sum or Sums of Money, at the Time or Times to be appointed by the said Commissioner for Payment thereof respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner, or the Commissioner to be appointed as aforesaid. to fell either by publick Auction or private Contract the Whole or futh Part or Parts of the said Encroachment or respective Encroachments, in respect of which the said Sum or Sums of Money shall not have been paid as aforesaid, to any other Person or Persons whomsoever, and on Receipt of the Purchase Money for the fame, shall allot such Part or Parts of the said Encroachments as shall be so sold as aforesaid to the Purchaser or respective Purchasers thereof, his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, or as he, she, or they shall direct; and it is hereby declared, that the Receipt and Receipts, Discharge and Discharges, or other Acquittance under the Hand of the said Commissioner, or the Commissioner to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual to the Purchaser and respective Purchasers as aforesaid, for so much Money as shall in such Receipt or Receipts be acknowledged or expressed to be received; and the said Purchaser or Purchasers shall not be obliged to fee to the Application of the said Purchase Monies, or any Part thereof, or be answerable for the Misapplication or Non-application thereof; and that when and as often as such Sum or Sums of Money shall be received by the said Commissioner, or the Commissioner to be appointed as aforesaid, he shall apply the fame in or towards defraying the Charges and Expences incurred in and about the obtaining and carrying into Execution this Act, as far as the fame will extend, and that the Deficiency only shall be paid and borne by the Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds so intended to be divided; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Exchanges for the said Commissioner and his Successor to set out, allot, and award maybe ma<k-any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Manor and Township of Chapel Allerton, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Manor and Township, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, Township, or Place; provided, that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioner, and be made with the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, for the Time being seised of or entitled in Possession to the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, or to the actual Receipt of the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick or Corporate, or a Body or Bodies Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee fail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, or under any other legal Incapacity, or who shall be beyond the Seas or otherwise disabled to

aft

84

Eipencts of Exchanges how to be paid.

Wills and Settlements not to be a li cit ed.

Award to be inrolled.

4S° GEORGII lit. Gap. 6.

act for themselves, hitnfelf, or herself; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purpol'es whatsoever j provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent, tellified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Archbishop or Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so be exchanged shall lie or be situate: Provided always, that the Colls, Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing any Exchanges or Partitions shall be paid and borne by the several Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioner shall order and direct.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands-, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be divided, allotted, or exchanged, by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, but that each and every Proprietor shall ft and and be feil’ed of the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be allotted to or exchanged with him or her as aforesaid, to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and the lame Wills, Jointures, Rents, and Charges, and no other, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whereof such Proprietor was seised or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the said Commissioner, or for which or in respect whereof such. Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to be charged with or affected by in case this Act had not been made.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Award of the said Commissioner, or his Successor, to be formed and drawn up pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act, shall be inrolled in the publick Register Office kept at Wakefield in and for the West Riding of the said County of Tirk, and when so inrolled shall be lodged in the Box or Chest kept within the Parish Church of Leeds aforesaid, to the End that Recourse may be had thereto by any Person or Persons interested in the said Inclosure, who are hereby empowered to inspect the fame, on Payment of One Shilling for every such Inspection; and the Register for the Time being, or his Deputy, is hereby required to inrol the said Award or Instrument in the proper Book for the Inrolment of such Instruments in the said Office; and a true Copy of such Inrolment, or of any Part or Parts thereof, under the Hand of the said Register, or his Deputy, shall be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence in all Courts and upon all Occasions whatsoever, and which Copy the said Register, or his Deputy for the Time being, is hereby required to make, attest, and deliver to any Person or Persons requesting the fame, he or they paying for such Copy after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words; and the said Register, or his Deputy, shall be entitled to such Fees for such Inrolment as are allowed him by the Act for inrolling any Bargain and Sale; and the said Register, or his Deputy, shall permit any Person or Persons, within the Office Hours of Attendance, to peruf* and inspect the Innslment at the said publick 3 Office.

48° GEORGII Cap. 6.

Office, he or they paying for every' such Perusal and Inflection Two Shillings and no more;

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act shall be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced by and at the Expence of the respective Proprietors with Quick lets or Stone Walls, within such Times as the said Commissioner shall direct; and all such Hedges, Ditches, and Fences shall be made and for ever thereafter be repaired, preserved, and maintained by such Person and Persons, and in such Shares and Proportions and in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall in and by his Award order and direct; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Proprietors, after their respective Allotments shall have been marked and ltaked out by the said Commissioner or his Successor, and before the signing of the said Award, to hedge, ditch, and fence their respective Allotments in such Manner as the said Commissioner or his Successor shall order and direct.

XVII. And be it further enacted, Thant shall not be lawful for any of the Proprietors, Owners, or Occupiers of any Part of the Lands or Grounds intended to be divided and inclosed, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, to keep or departure any Hones, Sheep, or Cattle in any of the Allotments intended to be made in purfuahftt of tthis Act, for the Term of Ten Years next after the setting out of such Allotments, unless the Person or Persons so keeping and - departming such Horses, Sheep, or Cattle, shall first make, or cause or procure to be made, a Hedge or Fence sufficient in the Opinion of the said Commissioner, or of One of the Justices of the Peace’for the Borough of Leeds, to guard the Quick or other Fences entirely round such Allotments front being cropped or damaged, or from trespaifing on the adjoining Allotment by such Horses, Sheep, or Cattle, whether such Quick or other Fences be planted, made, or set by the last-mentioned Owners or Occupiers of such Allotments, or by the Owners or Occupiers of the Allotments adjoining thereto j and that no Person or Persons whomsoever shall departure, with Horses, Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs, any of the Highways or Lanes which shall be made and set out by virtue of this Act, cr allow or permit any Horses, Cattle, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, Pigs, or Swine to departure therein for the Term of Ten Years next after the Execution of the Laid’Award; and that if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall departure his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments with Horses, Sheep, or Cattle, without having made a sufficient Hedge or Fence as aforesaid, or shall graze, departure, or keep, or permit or suffer to graze or departure any Horses, Mares, Geldings, Cattle, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, Pigs, or Swine in any of the Roads, Ways, or Lanes to be set out in pursuance of this Act, within the Space of Ten Years next after the Execution of the said Award, he, Ihc, and they shall forfeit and pay for each Offence the Sum of Ten Shillings for each and every Horse, Mare, and Gelding, and each Head of Cattle, Sheep, Lambs, Pigs, and Swine, whiih shall be found depasturing or grazing in any of the said Allotments before such sufficient Hedge or Fence be made as aforesaid, and the Sum of Five Shillings, for each and every such Horse, Mare, Gelding, and for edch and every such Head of Cattle, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, Pigs/ or Swine, whifch shall be found grazing in the said Lanes, Roads, or Wap, and shall be' proved to the Satisfaction of One or more Justices of the Peace for the Borough of Leeds

[ Loc. & Per.] '1-—Z to

«5

For fencing Allotments.

Proprietors may inclose before Award signed.

No Cattle, Sheep, &c. to be depaf-tured in Highways or Lanes for Ten Years.

86

Proprietors may fell Allotments before Award.

For defraying the Expences of this Act.

For paying Interest on Money advanced.

Commissioner to lay his Accounts before a Justice once in every Year.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

to have been so depasturing or grazing; and the several Penalties or Sums of Ten Shillings and Five Shillings for each such Offence as aforesaid, the said Justice or Justices shall and they are hereby required to order the Recovery and Application thereof in such Manner as he or they shall and may deem necessary and proper, or it shall and may be lawful for the Pindar belonging to the said Manor or Township to impound such Horses, Mares, Geldings, Cattle, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, Pigs, and Swine as shall be found grazing in the said Lanes, Roads, or Ways, and to demand the Sum of Five Shillings for each Horse, Mare, or Gelding, and each Head of Cattle, and for each Head of Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, Pigs, and Swine the Sum of Sixpence and no more, over and above his usual Fee, before such Horses, Cattle, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, Pigs, or Swine, shall be released.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the said Proprietors to sell and convey to any Person or Persons his, her, or their Right or Interest in or to the said Moors, Commons, and Waile Grounds, or any Allotment or Allotments to be set out as aforesaid, at any Time before the awarding of the fame by the said Commissioner; and the said Commissioner is hereby authorized and required to award the Allotments which shall be so fold and conveyed to the Purchaser or respective Purchasers thereof accordingly.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, and of surveying, planning, admeasuring, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, and of preparing and inrolling the said Award, and all other Charges and Expences in and about carrying this Act into Execution, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the said Lord or Lords of the said Manor, and the several Owners and Proprietors of and Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds so intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, the same to be settled by the Commissioner, or his Successor, at such Time or Times, and in such Proportion and Proportions as he shall, either before or after the Execution of his said Award, order and direct; nevertheless, in the Settlement of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, the said Commissioner is hereby required to have regard to the Value of the several Allotments to be made to the said Lord or Lords of the Manor and Proprietors as aforesaid, and to proportion the fame Costs, Charges, and Expences accordingly.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall lend and advance any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, or of carrying the fame into Execution, every such Person shall be repaid the fame, with lawful Interest, out of the First Monies that shall be raised for defraying such Expences.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That once at least in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of passing thereof; the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by

9 v. him

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 6. 87

him laid before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said Borough of Leeds, or in and for the said County of Tirk, to be by him examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justice stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the said Commissioner; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Power of or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Appeal. Thing done in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, then and in

every such Case (except as to such Claims, Matters, and Things as are herein-before directed or authorized to be tried, settled, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, or where any of the Clauses or Provisions of the said recited Act or of this Act shall express that the fame shall be final and conclusive) he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held in and for the West Riding of the County of York within Two Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving Fourteen Days Notice to the said Commis- ,

fioner of such Appeal; and the Justices in their said Quarter Sessions, on Proof of due Notice of the said Appeal, and the Matter and Cause thereof, are hereby required to hear and determine the fame, and to make such Order therein, and award such Costs as to them shall seem reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties, or Person or Persons liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That Saving to nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to pre- Lords of judice or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest of the said John Dixon to Manors, the Whole, or of the said other Persons claiming to be Lord or Lords of the said Manor, to his or their respective Parts or Shares of the said Manor and Soil of the said several Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds, but that such Claims shall and may be prosecuted and be considered as valid and effectual as the fame respectively were previous to the passing of this Act: Provided further, that the Claims of such Person so claiming to be Lord or Lords as aforesaid, shall be prosecuted within Eighteen Months after the passing of this Act, and before the said Commissioner shall make his said Award, or otherwise the Claims of the said several Persons shall be considered to be abandoned, and no Claim to be thereafter made shall be considered as valid by any Court whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That nothing herein Saving of contained shall be construed to defeat, lessen, or prejudice the Right, Rights of Title, or Interest of the said John Dixon, his Heirs and Assigns, or the

Person or Persons claiming to be Lord or Lords as aforesaid, of, in, or to 0>*" the Seigniory and Royalties belonging to him or them, as Lords of the

Manor

88 45° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

Manor of Chapel Allerton aforesaid, but that the present Lord or Lords, and all future or other Lords of the said Manor, shall and may, from Time to Time and at all Times for ever hereafter, hold and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts and other Royalties and Seigniories to the fame Manor belonging or appertaining, as fully, amply, and beneficially, to all Intents and Purposes, as he or they, or any other Lord or Lords, might or could have had, held, and enjoyed the fame in case this Act had not been made, other than and except such Right of Common or Soil as could or might be claimed by him or them respectively as Lord or Lords of the fame Manor or otherwise, in, upon, within, or under any of the Lands and Gounds so intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act.

General XXV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs

Saving. and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Edate, Right, Title, and filtered (other than such as are meant, intended, and hereby expressly barred by this Act), as they, every, or any of them, had and enjoyed, of, in, to, or in respect of the said Moors, Commons, and Waste Grounds so intended to be inclosed, before the passing of this Act, or could or ought to have had and enjoyed in case the fame had not been made.

For printing the Act by the King’s Printer.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. i3o8.

OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 7.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts, for repairing the Road from Northallerton through Thirsk and to Burton Stone near the City of York; and also the Road from Thirsk to Topcliffe, in the County of York.

[21st March 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the" Second, intituled, An Act for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Northallerton to the South Wall of the Church Tard of the Town of Thirsk; and from the South East End of the Street called Finkcll Streec in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the Town of Eafingwold in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone near the City of York; and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid to Topcliffe, in the North Riding of the County of [Loc. isf Per.] T York.;

16 G. i. c. 75.

9°

i* G. 3. c. 91.

34 G-3-c.iiS,

Acts further continued.

New Tolls.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

York: And whereas another Act was passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the ‘Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act, made in the Twenty* sixth Year of the Reign of His late'Mayejhy, for widening and repairing the Road leading from No.thallerton to the South IVall of the Church Yard of the Town of Thirsk 5 and from the South East End of the Street called FinkclLStreet in Thirsk aforesaid, to and through the Town of Eafingwold in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone near the City of York; and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid to Topcliffe, in the North Riding of the County of York: And whereas another Act was made in the Tr.irty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twenty-sixth Tear of King George the Second and the Eighteenth Year of His present Majesty, for widening and repairing the High Road leading from Noi thallcrton to the South IVall of the Church Yard of the Town of Thirsk; and from the South East End of the Street called Fmkelf Street in Thirsk afresaid, to and through the Town of Eafingwold in the County of York, to a Place called Burton Stone near the City of York; and also the Road from Thirsk aforesaid, to Topcliffe in the North Riding of the County of York: And whereas the Trustets appointed to put the said Acts into Execution have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remains due; and great Progress hath been made in\he Repairs of the Roads comprised in the said Acts; but the fame cannot be tffeffually amended or kept in good Repair, nor can the Money so due be repaid, unless the Term of the said recited Acts be further continued, and the Tolls thereby granted increased, and some further and other Powers given for those Purposes: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Ten poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Provisoes, Authorities, Privileges, Matters, and Things therein respectively contained, and which are now in force, (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed.) shall be in full Force arid Effect, and together with this present Act shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; which said Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be subject ana liable to the Payment, as well of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the said recited Acts, as of such other Sunt or Sums of Money as shall or may hereafter be borrowed for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this present Act, and all Interest due and to grow for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts, and the Restrictions in respect thereof, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable; and that instead thereof, from thenceforth, at each and every Turnpike and Toll Bar crested or to

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 7. 91

to be erected upon or across.o;- on the Side of any Part of the said^Road, the following Tolls shall and may be demanded and taken; (that is to say),

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Hearse, Chaise, or Calaflj, drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by Four or Three Horses or otfier Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and dr*wn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence: , -,

For every Chaise or Chair, drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draugt.t, the Sum of Eight-pence: '

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, whether the fame have Broad or Narrow Wheels, drawn by Four or more Horses,

Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Eight-pence; and drawn by Three Hotfes, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn byTwo Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence; and drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, as shall or may be affixed or fadened to the End of any Waggon or other Carriage, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Suni of Seven-pence Halfpenny per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which said respective Tolls shall be and the same are hereby veded in the said Trustees; and the fame and every Part thereof shall and may beder manded, levied, recovered, applied, and disposed of in the fame Mani-ner, and to and for the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as in and by the said Acts are mentioned and declared with respect to the Tolls thereby granted.

III. And whereas it is by the said fird recited Act enacted, that if there Repealing shall be Two or more Turnpikes erected in or on the Side of or across the Power for said Roads, then and in such Cale the Tolls thereby granted and made pay- ?he Ton".*"6 able for passing the said Roads should be divided into so many Parts and Proportions as the said Trustees shall diredf, and the fame diould be taken

aipi received at such and so many of the said Turnpikes as by the said Trustees should be appointed for chat Purpose, and not otherwise: And whereas the said Provision has been found inconvenient, be it therefore enacted, That the same shall be and is hereby repealed.

IV. And whereas it is expedient that the Exemptions granted by the said Geiuri.1 recited Acts should be repealed, be it therefore enacted, That the said Exemptions. Exemptions shall, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, be, and the same are hereby repealed;

and

92

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

and that, from thenceforth no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in caf-rying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads do lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but parting to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners or Occupiers thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Cartiages.or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Comport, or Manure employed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands in any of tire said Townships or Parishes (Lime only excepted); or for any Horses or Cattle going to, or returning from Pasture or Watering Places; or going to be, or returing front being (hoed or farried; or from any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship, tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or a tending the Funeral of any Person that rtiall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifuing any ftck Person; or upon other his parochial or ministerial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprcfies under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Eaggsge; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furriished determined by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to cr returning from the Place of Exercise, provided such Pedons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Partes; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bcart, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chair, or Partcnger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to fervr in Parliament f >r the County of York, on the Day or Days of such Elrdion, or on the Day before or Day after such Eltdion shall begin or be concluded; and it any Person or Persons shall, m any fraudulent orcollulive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the lame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof flull go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of cht said Acts and this Act.

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 7. 93

V. And be it further enacted, That-the said Trustees nffy sue and be Trustees may sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue'or in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, in the Name'of their Clerk or Name of thei. Treasurer for the Time being , and that noAction or Suit-to be brought XrtaiJrer

or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinlied by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, nor by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the Trustees; or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk or Treasurer, for the Time being, to the said Trustees, (had be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action.

VI. Provided always, That every such Clerk or Treasurer, in whose clerk or Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, u/p^hu*0 in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Exyences. First Money to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act,

after such Action or Suit shall be commenced or discontinued, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding, he shall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, Th3t so much of the said recited Acts statute Work, as relates to the Pertormance of Statute Labour on the said Roads, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and thac all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or aTe or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still Tcmain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the North Riding of the County of Turk, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part'or Proportion of Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie , and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Fourteen Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons, who within such Parish or Place are by Law subjected and liable to do Statute Work for that Year} or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise } and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions,

[Loc. & Per.'] A a as

9*

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

as arc or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order., such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days' Statute Work in every Year up >n the said Roads, as the said Juliiccs shall think reasonabk, and the same shall be done at such Days, and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money, in lieu of or as a Compofidon for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Tru(fees or their Trealgrer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the lame shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered j and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Woik as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day oPhis, her, or their Default,or the Default o( any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horse.-, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to, by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect, for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the fain Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and discharge the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Pefon shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees; and applied towards amending the said Highways; and if any Surveyor of the Highways, for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect tggive in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in falle or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor fooffending, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings,

Application of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or whereexMei- aware'e<^ 10 be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur-ing 1001. chafed, taken, or used determined by virtue of the Powers of the said rcc.ted Act and this Act, for the Purpose thereof, which shall belong to any Corpo. ration, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid i i . . into

95

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- coumant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary W y, by the Pei ton or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the same Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewich, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and set. led to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Efieft 5 and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said consolidated or reduced Bank Annuities, shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in calc such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded, to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, ot to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons, for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in Case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified, in Writing, under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name, and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or

more

Application where ehe C >mpenf tiort does not exceed aool. nor less than *01.

96

Appiicrion wher- the Money is less thAn to 1.

In case of not making out Titles,

or if Persons

cannot be so^inrJ, i^ur chafr Money to be paid into the Bank,

fuHjedt to tke Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or retiiioa.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.'j.

more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be fig* nified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so

agreed or awarded to be paid as nexc before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for die Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees Avail chink fit; or in calc of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians4 Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively. ,1 1

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Landi, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall rtfule to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; or in cale such Person or Persons, to whom i'uch Sum or Sunn, of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons cnntled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Cale, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (deicnbing the m), subjetf to the Order, Controul, and Dispofuion of the said Court of Chancery; which laid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the lame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribuiion thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the resprctive Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall l’eem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums ot Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums ot Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

48° GEORGII III. Gap. 7.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bink of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the Laid recited Acts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be ffiewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities, to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Poflef* fion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to l'ome Estate or Into rest therein.

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery, to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Coure shall deem teasonable ro be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act shall be paid out of any Monies already raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the first Monies to arik by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being spedally pleaded.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said recited Acts shall, on the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, cease and determine; and the said recited Acts and t iis Act [Ltc.tf Perd] Bb (subject

97

Where any Questir n shall arise touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Per. so;\ who fh ,]| he inPofleflioit of the Lands, &c. at the Time of such Purchase, shall he Deemed entitled thereto.

The Court of Chancery may order res Ion-aWe Expences of Pm chafes to be p ud by the Tr ultees.

For paying the Expences of this Act.

[Public Act.]

Continumce oi the Act.

98

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

(Tubject to the Alterations herein-before contained) shall from thence-lorth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

r

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*»<IMH»*C*«X

Cap. 8.

An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the East London Water Works to purchase certain other Water Works, and to amend an Act, of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said East Lojidon Water Works.

[21st March 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Proprietors of the 3^4 W. Water Works in the Parish of Saint Paul Shadwell in the County of Mid- & M. c. 37. dlelex, and for encouraging, carrying on, and settling the said Water Works

And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for empower- 2\ G. *. c. 8. ing Gorge Montgomerie and Thomas Byrd Esquires, and Ezra Patching, to complete an Undertaking for furnishing the Inhabitants of the several Parishes cmd Places of Stratford, Westham, Bow, Bromley, Mile End,

Stepney, and other Parishes and Places adjacent, with Water, and for better securing their Property in such Undertaking: And whereas an Act was passed "in the Thirty-ninth and Fortieth Years of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, 40G. 3. C. 47, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, ajid Revenue, within the Port of London, by which lait-mentioned Act the London Dock Company were authorized and directed to purchase, and to take to themselves and their Successors, as if they were a Body Corporate,

ILoc. $5* Per.] C c all

102

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

all the Lands or Grounds, Water Houses, and Water Works, with the Appurtenances belonging to the Governor and Company of the Water Works. ajTcl Water Hotifes in Shadwell aforesaid; and the said London Dock Corr^rmy accordingly made such Purchase, in the Manner and upon the Terms prescribed by the said last-mentioned Act: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, 47 G .3. c. 5. An Act to enable the London Dock Company to purchase certain Water Works in the Parishes of Stratford, Westham, Bow, Bromley, Mile End, and Stepney, and other Parishes adjacent, and to amend the several Acts for making Wet Docks and other Works for the Accommodation of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, by which Act: the said London Dock Company were authorized and empowered to purchase and take a Conveyance, Surrender, and Alignment, or Conveyances, Surrenders, and Alignments, by such Deeds and Acts in Law as should be requisite in that Behalf, of all and singular the said Water Works established under and by virtue of the said Act, passed in the Twenty-firit Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, and all the Freehold, Lealeh'old, and Copyhold Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and other the Estates, Goods, Chattels, and Property of every Description, and wheresoever situate, and appertaining to the said Water Works, and of and belonging to the Proprietors and Persons interested in the said Water Works and other the Premises, as such Proprietors, and every Part, Parcel, and Member thereof, with their and every of their Appurtenances; and the said London Dock Company have accordingly purchased such Water Works, and all such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Estates, Goods, Chattels, and Property, and the same are now vested in the said London Dock Company: And whereas an Act was passed in the said Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His 47C. 3.C. 7J. present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Stratford Bow otherwise Stratford-le-Bow, Saint John Hackney, Saint Mary Islington, Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, and several other Parishes, Hamlets, Townships, and Places adjacent or near thereunto, in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, whereby certain Persons and iheir Successors were made a Body Politick and Corporate, by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the East London Water Works, for the Purpose of making, completing, and maintaining of certain Water Works, aqueducts, Relervoirs, and other Works authorized to be rrtade by the said Act; and the said Company of Proprietors were enabled to purchase Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to them, their Successors and Alligns, for the Use of the said Undertaking, in Manner and according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions therein particularly mentioned, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain: And whereas the Water Works established under the Authorities of the said kill recited Act, might be more conveniently and beneficially carried on if the said Water Works established under the Authority of the said recited Act of the Third and Fourth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and the Twenty-first Year c\f the Reign of King George the Second, were purchased by and vested in the Company of Proprietors of the East London Water Works, and con-dufted by them; and the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks are therefore desirous of pure haling such Water Works, and have agreed with the London Dock Company for such Purchase, subject to the Sanction and Authority of Parliament in that Behalf: And

3 whcicas

4S* GEORGII lit. Cap.%. toj

whereas the Powers and Provisions in the said recited Act, relating to the:

East London Water Works, will, in case the aforesaid Shadwell and Weji-

batn Water Works are purchased by and vested in the said Company of

Proprietors of the East London Water Works, be defective and infuffi-

cient; and it is therefore expedient that such Act should be altered and

amended, and that further and other Powers and Authorities should be given to the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Water

Works: May it therefore please Your Mai eft y that it may be enacted;

and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons,

in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Act 6f 47(3.3.

That the said recited Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign c;?2'^xc^pt

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better supplying with Water *eredj'declar-i

the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Stratford Bow otherwise Stratford-le-Bow, cd valid for

Saint John Hackney, Saint Mary lllington. Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, the Purpose*

and fviral other Parishes, Hamlets, Townships, and Places adjacent or of thli

near thereunto, in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, and all and every

the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, and Forfeitures,

Matters and Things therein contained (save and except such Part and Parts thereof as is or are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

ZL And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Enabling th* for the Company of Proprietors of the East London Water Works to Company of contract and agree with the Directors and Managers of the Concerns of of^he^East the said London Dock Company, or any Thirteen or more of them for the London Wa-rJ ime being, for the Purchase, and to take a Conveyance, Surrender, and ter Works to Alignment, or Conveyances, Surrenders, and Alignments, by such Deeds and Acts in Law as shall be requisite in that Behalf, of all and Angular the Westham3" said Waterworks established under and determined by virtue of the said recited Acts, Water passed in the Third and Fourth Years of King William and Queen Mary, Works, and and in the Twenty-firh Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, j)oCk°Com respectively; and all the Freehold, Leasehold, and Copyhold Messuages, paity to feu Buildings, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and other the Estates, the fame. Goods, Chattels, and Property of every Description, and wherefeever situated, appertaining to the said Water Works respectively, and now vested in the London Dock Company, and every Part, Parcel, and Member thereof, with their and every of their Appurtenances; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors and Managers of the Concerns of the said London Dock Company, or any Thirteen or more of them for the Time being, to sell and dispose of the fame; and the Money arising from lueh Sale shall Ire applied for the Use and Benefit of the said London Dock Company.

III. And be it further enacted, That all the said last-mentioned Water Veiling the Works, Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Shadwell and and other the Estates, Goods, Chattels, and Property last mentioned, and every Part, Parcel, and Member thereof, with their Appurtenances Works in the nftp ftively, shall, when a.id as soon as the same shall be purchased by, Company of ami conveyed, surrendered, and assigned to the said Company of Pro- Pf°phne'd1rj! priftprs ot die Eqjl London Water Works as aforesaid, become and be London w»-

velted ter Works.

JO+

4B0 GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

vested in the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Water Works and their Successors, for the Purpose of supplying the several Parishes and Places mentioned in the said recited Acts., made in the Third and Fourth Years of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, and in the Twenty-first Year of His late Majesty King George the Second.

Ai'd rhat the

IV. And be it further enacted, That when the said Water Works shall

vetted Van be purchased and vested in the Company of Proprietors of the East be part of the London Water Works as aforesaid, the lame shall from thenceforth be Ealf London deemed and taken to be Part of the Undertaking to be conducted and managed by the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Water Works, by and under the Clauses, Directions, and Provisions of the said recited Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Stratford Bow otherimfe Stratford-le-Bow, Saint John Hackney, Saint Mary Islington, Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, and several other Parishes, Hamlets, Townships, and Places adjacent or near thereunto, in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex; and this Act and the same shall be conducted and managed in such and the like Manner a3 if such Water Works respectively had been particularly mentioned and described in the said recited Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said East London Water Works.

Water

Work*.

Enabling the Company uf Proprietors of the East London Water Works to raise a Sum of Money not exceeding 130,000k for the Purposes of this Act, in addition to the Subscription under the Act of 47 G. 3. c. 7a.; to be divided into Shares of tool each in addition to the

Shares created by the Act of 47 G. 3. c 72.

Shnrrs to be confulidaled,-

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Water Works, to raise and contribute among themselves, for the Purposes of this AG, in addition to the Money subscribed for by them for the Purposes of the said Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the making, completing, and maintaining of the said East London Water Works, and in such Proportions as they shall think proper, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds, which said Sum of Money shall be laid out and applied, in the first Place, in discharging the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and for and towards the completing the Purchase of the said Shadwell and Westbam Water Works, and other incidental Expences relating thereto, and for otherwise carrying the several Purposes of the said recited AG, made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said East London Water Works, and this Act, into Execution; which laid Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, possessed of any Share or Shares in the Capital of the Company of Proprietors of the East London Water Works, to accept and take any Number of such new or additional Shares so created by this AG, in proportion to the Number of the original Share or Shares- holden by such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Coliegiate,-as he, she, or they shall think proper; and such new or additional Shares, and the several Shares m;(de gnd creat.ed by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said East London Water Works, shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be and they are hereby declared to be confi.lidated, and to be one and the-fame Joint Stock Id.:. and

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

105

and Property; and all Person and Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who have severally subserioed for One or more Share or Shares, or such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be called for and demanded for the Purposes of the said Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said East London Water Works, and who shall severally subscribe for One or more Share or Shares, or such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be called for or demanded for the Purposes of this Act, shall respectively be entitled to and receive the entire and nett Distribution of an equal proportionable Part, according to the Money so by them respectively paid, of the Profits and Advantages that shall or may arise or accrue by the respective Rates and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks, by the Authority of the said recited Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said East London Water Works, and this Act; and every Body Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and Person having such Shares and Property as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards completing the aforesaid Purchase, and carrying on the said Works respectively in Manner directed by the said Acts.

VI. And be it further enacted, That each and every Proprietor of each Proprietor! and every Share, which shall or may be created by virtue of this Act, shall of Share* untie entitled to such and the fame Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, and shall be subject to such and the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penal- t|ie fame ties, and Forfeitures, as if the Share or Shares lo holden by him,her, 01 them, Rules, &c. were Part of the Shares already created by virtue of the said recited Act, as th°fe made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for er

making and maintaining the faA East London Water Works, and nowvefted 0.3.0.72. in the several and respective Proprietors of the said Undertaking; and the Admission of all and every Person and Persons to any such new Share or Shares, by any Order or Resolution of the said Company of Proprietors of the said East London Water Works, or their Directors for the Time being,

shall be and be deemed to be a good and effectual Title to such Person or Persons, and his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, on his, her, or their paying to the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, the Pur-tphafe Money or Price agreed to be paid for such Shares respectively.

VII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act, passed in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, in relation to the said aJ elates m East London Water Works, as declares, that no Person shall be possessed the Number of or interested in more than Twenty Shares in the Whole therein, shall of Sharei to be and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to kac{jep all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. prictor, re-

pealed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the patting of Any Proprie-this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Body Politick, Cot- for may hold porate or Coliegiare, or any Person or Persons, to be poiTefled of or interested in any Number of Shares in the said Water Works, not exceed- 5o sliar". ing Fifty Shares in the Whole.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said Shares, Joint Shares to be Etock or Fund of the said Company. as well those raised and created under £c/f°nal [Loc. WPtr.} " Dd andEtUte*

io6 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

and by virtue of the said Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said East London Water Works, as under and by virtue of this Act, shall be and be deemed and taken to be Personal Estate, and transmissible as such, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

Act of X. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act,

so far asre^2 ma^c *n Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making and latfsrto tlTe maintaining the said East London Water Works, as declares, that every

Votes of each Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who should by virtue of the said

Proprietor, Act have subscribed or undertaken for any Share or Shares in the said

repealed. Undertaking, his, her, or their respective Successors, Executors, and

Administrators, should have a Vote for every such Share or Shares, but not exceeding Five Votes in the Whole, although possessed of more than Five Shares, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Directing

XI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this tors of shares eve,7 Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and every Person or shall vote. Persons having any Share or Shares in the said Joint Stock or Property so hereby declared to be consolidated as aforesaid, his, her, or their respective Successors, Executors, and Administrators, shall have a Vote or Votes in respect of such Share or Shares on such Joint Stock or Property, either as Principal or Proxy, but not exceeding Fifteen Votes in the Whole, although possessed of more than Fifteen Shares.

V-^vcrTb

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That every Body Politick,

Proxy!" 5 Corporate or Collegiate, and every Person or Persons being a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Joint or Capital Stock, shall be entitled to vote at the several General or Special General Assemblies of the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Water Works, in respect of such Share or Shares, in the Proportions following; that is to say, if a Proprietor of less than Three Shares, to One such Vote; if a Proprietor of Three and less than Six Shares, to Two such Votes j if a Proprietor of Six and less than Ten Shares, to Three such Votes; if a Proprietor of Ten and less than Fifteen Shares, to Four such Votes; if a Proprietor of Fifteen and less than Twenty Shares, to Five such. Votes; if a Proprietor of Twenty and less than Twenty-six Shares, to Six such Votes; if a Proprietor of Twenty-six and less than Thirty-six Shares, to Nine such Votes; if a Proprietor ot Thirty-six and less than Forty-six Shares, to Twelve such Votes; and if a Proprietor of Forty-six Shares, and upwards, to Fifteen such Votes; which Vote or Votes may be given by them, him, or her, by their, his, or her Proxies or Proxy, constituted under the Seal of such Body Corporate or Collegiate, or under the Hand of the Proprietor constituting the said Proxy, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking; and every such Vote by Proxy shall be as good and sufficient, to all Intents and Purposes, as.if such Principal had voted in Person; and every Question, Matter, or Thing which shall be proposed, difeuffed, or considered, in any General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors or any Adjournment thereof, shall be determined byjthe Majority of Votes and Proxies then present, in the Proportion before mentioned, provided that the Members present be possessed of not less/than Four hundred and Fifty Shares: Provided nevertheless, that no Person shall give or deliver in Proxies for more than Fifteen Shares; and the Appointment of such Proxy may be made ac« ’J‘ cording to the Form following j that is to say.

I, A. B.

46° GEORGII III. Ccrp. 8.

I A.B. of One of the Proprietors of the

A East London Water Works, Do hereby nominare, constiture, and appoint C.D. of to be my Proxy, in my Name and

in my Absence to vote or give my Assent or Dissent to any Business,

Matter, or Thing relating to the said Undertaking, in such Manner as

he the said C.D. shall think proper, according to his Opinion and ‘ Judgement, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, or any Thing

appertaining thereto. In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand

‘ [or. Seal] the Day of

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money authorized to be raised under and by virtue of the said Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for the making, completing, and maintaining of the said East London Water Works, and under and by virtue of this Act, shall be insufficient for the Purpose of making, completing, maintaining, carrying on, and improving the said several Water Works respectively, and all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute amongst themselves in Manner and Form aforesaid, and in such Shares and Proportions as to them shall seem meet, or to raise by the Admission of new Subscribers any further or other Sum of Money for the Purposes of making, completing, maintaining, carrying on, and improving the said several Water Works respectively, or any or either of them, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, and every Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and every Person being a Subscriber towards raiding such further or other Sum of Money, shall be a Proprietor in the said Joint Stock and Property, and shall have a like Vote by themselves, himself, or herself, in respect thereof, in the Proportions herein-before mentioned, of the said additional Sum to be raised, but not exceeding Fifteen Votes in the Whole, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and Hand interested in all the Profits of the said Joint Stock and Property, in proportion to the Sum he or she shall or may subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed for and raised, had originally been Part of the Sum of One hundred and thirty thousand Pounds; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Directors for conducting the Business of this Undertaking shall have Power from Time to Time to make such Call or Calls for Money. from the Subscribers to and Proprietors of the said Undertakings respectively, to defray the Expences of or to carry on the fame, as they the said Directors from Time to Time shall find wanting and necessary for those Purposes, so that no such Call shall exceed the Sum of Fifteen Tounds upon each Share, and such Calls shall not be made but at the Distance of Thirty Days at leaf! from each other, and Twenty-one Days Notice at leaf! shall be given of all such Calls as aforesaid by Advertiie-ment in some Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulated in the City of London and County of Middlesex, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any General or Special General Assembly direct or appoint, any Thing in the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year of King George the Third, for making the said East London Water Works, in any wife" notwithstanding; provided, that it shall not be lawful to make any further Call upon any Proprietor who shall have paid to the

Form of Proxies.

May raise a further Sum if necessary.

Calls.

io8 45' GEORGII IU- Cifp.%.

said Company of Proprietors, in obedience to the said Calls or otherwise. the full Amount of the Sum or Sums which by his, her, or their Subscription he, she, or they had undertaken to pay for his, her, or their said Share or Shares} and every Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall pay his, her, or their rateable Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, to such Peri'or: or Persons, and at such Time and Place, as the said Directors shall from Time to Time order and direct; ard if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part of the Money so called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place appointed by the said Directors, or within Thirty Days next ensuing, he. lhe, or they so neglecting or refuting shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings, for every Share he, she, or they shall have in the said Undertaking; and if such Person or Persons shall continue to neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable Call or Calls as aforesaid, for the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the Time so appointed for Payment thereof, then he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit his, her, or their respective Share and Shares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits thereof, all which Shares so forfeited shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors, in Manner and subject to such Refir iftions as are mentioned, expressed, and declared respecting the Call or Calls authorized to be made under and by virtue of the said Act of the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said East London Water Works; an every such Call shall and may be recovered by the said Company cf Proprietors, by and under the Powers of the said recited Act of the Forty-seventh Year of King George the Third, for making the said East London Water Works, in such and the like Manner as is directed in and by such Act with respect to any Call or Calls made for the Sum of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds.

Directors may allow Inter*!! to Proprietors for Payments in advance.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Subscriber to the said Undertaking shall be minded and desirous to pay or advance immediately into the Hands of the said Directors, or of the Person whom they shall appoint to receive the same, the full Amount of his or her Subscription for such Share or Shares for which he may have subscribed, or any Part thereof, not being less than a Sum of Fifty Pounds, without waiting for the said Cali or Calls, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Directors to pay to the said Subscriber or Subscribers, out of the Funds of the said Company, Interest: upon the fame at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Amount which such Payment or Advance may be over and above the said Calls, and from the Period of the Call immediately preceding such Payment or Advance, up to the Period of such subsequent Call respectively, according to the Sum then in advance, and above the Amount of the said Call.

May raise a

XVI. Provided always, and Ire it enacted, That in case the said Com-further Siim pany Df Proprietors shall be desirous of raising the said Sum of One by urtgage. an(j fifty thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of the said Water Works respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors or their Directors, to borrow and take up at Interest, all or any Part of the said Sum of One hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, on the Credit of the said Water Works respectively, and to assign the Property of the said Water Works, and the Sums of Money 2 arising

48V GEORGII III. Cap. 8. 109

arising or to arise to the said Company of Proprietors, or any Part thereof, in Manner and Form in the said Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, in relation to the said East London Water Works particularly mentioned, and that all and every the Directions and Provisions in the said last-' mentioned AQ. contained, touching the Money thereby authorized to be raised by Mortgage, and the assigning or transferring the fame, and the Interest thereof, and all other the Matters and Things thereby provided in relation thereto, shall be equally in force, and applicable in respect to all Monies that may be raised by Mortgage under and by virtue of this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act of the Aa of Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and 47^3-«-7*-maintaining the said East London Water Works, as enacts, that if at any

General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, there should not ber of Shares be Persons present who should be possessed of or entitled unto at least One to be held by hundred and fifty Shares in that Undertaking, such General Assembly p{P^et°f5 should be adjourned to the next Thursday, to be holden at the same Place General^Af-where such General Assembly is thereby directed to be held, and so from femblic-, re-Time to Time until there should be such Persons present at such General pealed. Assembly. having such Number of Shares as aforesaid, and of every such adjourned Meeting Three Days Notice should be given in Three or more of the London Newspapers; and in case of failure of the assembling of a sufficient Number of Proprietors, and being resident within Ten Miles of the City of London, having such Shares at such General Assembly, every Proprietor who should not attend such Second or adjourned General Assembly should forfeit and pay to the said Company, for every Share which he or they should possess in the said Joint Stock and Property, the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be deducted out of his or her next succeeding Payment of Interest or Dividends of the Profits thereof, as the Case might happen; and in case no Interest or Dividends should be payable to such Person or Persons making Default as aforesaid, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the making such Default, then and in such Case such Penalty and Forfeiture of Ten Shillings should and might be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means as any other Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by such Act might be levied and recovered, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this General Af-Act, if at any General or Special General Assembly of the said Company femblies to of Proprietors, there shall not be Persons present either as Principals or COgfigh°rt3 Proxies who shall be possessed of or entitled unto at least Four hundred 45°

and fifty Shares in the said Joint consolidated Stock and Property, such General or Special General Assembly shall be adjourned to the next Thursday, to be holden at the same Place, and so from Time to Time until there shall be such Persons present at such General or Special General Assembly, either as Principals or Proxies, having such Number of Shares as aforesaid, and of every such adjourned Meeting Three Days Notice shall be given in Three or more of the London Newspapers; and in case of failure of the assembling of a sufficient Number ol Proprietors, either as Principals or Proxies, and being resident within Ten Miles of the City of London having such Shares, at such General or Special General Assembly, every Proprietor who shall not attend such Second or adjourned General or Special General Assembly, either as Principals or Proxies, shall forfeit and pay to the said Company for every Share which he or she shall possess [Loc. ft? Per.] E e—Ff in

no 48° GEORGII lit Cap. 8.

in the said Undertaking, the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be deducted out of his or hernext succeeding Payment of Interest or Dividends of the Profits thereof, as the Case may happen; and in case no Interest or Dividends shall be payable to such Person or Persons making Default as aforesaid, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the making of such Default, then and in such Case such Penalty and Forfeiture of Ten Shillings per Centum, shall and may be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means, and applied in such and the like Manner, as any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by the said recited Act, made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better/applying with Water the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Stratford Bow otherwise Stratford-le-Bow, Saint John Hackney, Saint Mary Tflington, Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, and several other Parishes, Hamlets, Townships, and Places adjacent or near thereunto, in the Counties of Middlesex and Essex, can or may be levied, recovered, and applied.

Aa of

XIX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act of the to £ as re72 Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said East London lates to the Water Works, as enacts, that if it should at any Time appear that, for convening of the more effectually putting the said Act into Execution, a Special General Spe?"I !r e~ Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors should be necessary to be bhes rc.em" Feld, it should be lawful for any Ten of the said Proprietors, possessing in pealed. the whole Fifty Shares in the said Undertaking, to cause Fourteen Days Notice at lead to be given of such Special General Assembly in One or more of the London publick Newspapers, or in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors should at any General Assembly direct or appoint, specifying in such Notice the Reason and Intention of requesting such Special General Assembly, and the Time when and the Place where the fame should be holden, which Place should be within Five Miles of the Royal Exchange in the City of London, and also so much of the said Act as authorizes the said Proprietors to meet pursuant to such Notice, and such of them as should be present at such Special General Assembly should proceed to the Execution of the Powers by the said Act given to the said Company of Proprietors, with respect to such Matters alone as should be specified in such Notice; and all such Acts, Orders, and Determinations of the Proprietors, or the major Part of them, so met together at every such Special General Assembly (provided that the Proprietors present shall be possessed df at lead One hundred and fifty Shares in the said Undertaking) should be as valid with respect to the Matters specified in such Notice, as if the fame had been done at any dated General Assembly, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Assemblies of

XX. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this the Proprie- Act, if it should at any Time appear that for the more effectually putting the Tecidf- con- said Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, relating to the vened. said East London Water Works, and this Act, into Execution, a Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors shall be necessary to be held, it shall be lawful for any Fifteen of the said Proprietors, possessing in the whole One hundred Shares in the said Joint Stock or Property so hereby declared to be consolidated, to cause Fourteen Days Notice at least to be given of such Special General Assembly, in One or more of the London publick Newspapers, or in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any General Assembly direct or appoint, specifying in such Notice the Reason and Intention of requesting such Special General Assembly, and the Time when and the Place where the same shall be holden, which Place 1 . . shall

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 8. i ii

shall be within Five Miles of the Royal Exchange in the City of London, and the said Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice, and such of them as shall be present at such Special General Assembly, shall proceed to the Execution of the Powers by the said Act of the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, relating to the said East London Water Works, and this Act, given to the said Company of Proprietors, with respect to such Matters as shall be specined in such Notice; and all such Acts, Orders, and Determinations of the Proprietors so met together at every such Special General Assembly (provided that the Proprietors present shall be possessed of at lead Four hundred and fifty Shares in the said Undertaking) shall be as valid with respect to the Matters specified in such Notice, as if the fame had been done at any dated General Assembly.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if at any General or Special General Questionsat Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, or any Adjournment thereof, any Question or Questions shall arise touching or concerning the Affairs and bTdetermhxed Concerns of the said Company of Proprietors, or any Matter or Tiling re- by Ballot, lating thereto, such Question or Questions shall, upon the Requed of any Proprietor or Proprietors then present, being possessed in his, her, or their own Right of Twenty Shares, in the said Undertaking, be determined by Ballot.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said East London Water Works, as declares that no Person shall be capable of being chosen as a Director for conducting the Business of that Undertaking, or of acting as such Director, unless he shall hold and be possessed of Five Shares at the lead in the said Undertaking, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing Directors to of this Act, no Person shall be capable of being chosen a Director for con- g°1_^en dufting the Business of the said Water Works respectively, or of acting as ‘ such Director, unless he shall hold and be possessed of Ten Shares at the

lead in the said Joint consolidated Stock or Property.

XXIV. And whereas, in order more eSeftually to carry into Effect Company the Purposes of the said recited Acts of the Third and Fourth Years

of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, the Twenty-fird Year Lands which1 of King George the Second, the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His may not be present Majesty, for making and maintaining the said East London Water wailttc!-Works, and of this Act, the said Company of Proprietors may purchase Lands, Buildings, or Hereditaments, which or Part whereof may afterwards be considered as unnecessary to be made use of for the Purposes of such Acts respectively; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Waterworks to sell and dispose of, and by Indenture under their Common Seal, absolutely to grant and convey such Part or Parts of the Lands, Buildings,' or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased by and conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Water Works as aforesaid, and as shall not be wanted for the Purposes aforesaid, and all such Conveyances from the said Company of Proprietors shall be good, valid, and effectual, any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by the Sale or Sales of such Lands,

Buildings, or Premises, or any Part or Parcels thereof, it shall be lawful lor the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Company of*

Proprietors

Act of 47 G. 3. c. 72.

so far as relates to Number of Shares to be held by each Director, repealed.

11 2

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Proprietors of the East London Water Works, to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be fold, which Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for which the said Lands, Buildings, or Premises shall be fold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipt shall be expressed to be received, and such Person or Persons shall not be answerable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application of such Purchase Money or any Parc thereof.

The Words

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Grants and Conveyances Zrant,bargain, to be made by the said Company of Proprietors of the East London operate as* Water Works, under or by virtue or in pursuance of the several Coveuants for Powers and Authorities to them hereby given, the Words grant, bargain, the Title. and fell shall amount to, and be construed and adjudged in all Courts

of Judicature to be express Covenants to the Grantee, Lessee, or other Purchaser, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Water Works, for themselves and their Successors, that they the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Water Works, notwithstanding any Act done by them, were, at the Time of the Execution of every such Grant, Lease, or Conveyance, seised of the Hereditaments and Premises thereby granted, conveyed, and fold, of an indefeaftble Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, free from all Incumbrances, for quiet Enjoyment thereof against the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Water Works, their Successors and Assigns, and all claiming under them; and all such Purchasers shall be indemnified and saved harmless by the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Water Works and their Successors.

Application of Purchase Money.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall be had, received, and taken by the said Company of Proprietors of the East London Water Works, as the Consideration of any such Sale as aforesaid, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of in such and the like Manner as any other Sums of Money arising or to arise from the said Water Works respectively, are hereby directed to be paid, applied, and disposed of.

Extending

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Powers, Authorities’ the Provmons pr0VjfionSj Regulations, Privileges, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Restrictions. Matters, and Things contained in the said several Acts of the Third AcT ' and Fourth Years of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, and in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and each of them (save and except such Parts thereof respectively as are varied, altered, or repealed by this Act) shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying into Execution the several Powers and Authorities for supplying the several Dif-trifts, Parishes, and Places therein respectively mentioned and described, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

[Publick Act.]

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. i3o8.

Cap. 9.

An Act for better afleiling and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the Count/ of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof.

[21st March 1808.]

WHEREAS the Poor within the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a great Expence and by Means of very heavy Rates: And whereas the Laws and Statutes now in force within this Realm for the assessing and collecting of Monies for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, are found ineffectual in the said Parish, by reason that divers Houses within the said Parish are let to occasional Occupier*, and also let out in Parcels to Under Tenants, and to Lodgers in feprrate Apartments both furnished and unfurnished, and others are let at fniall Yearly Rents: And whereas it would tend to the Equalization and Reduction of the present Poor and other Parochial Rates within the said Parish, and to the great Alleviation of many industrious Families who now pay the fame, and of the Inhabitants of the said Parish in general, if further and additional Powers were given for the a.Teffing and collecting of such Rates, and for better maintaining and regulating the Poor thereof: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefer. Is* Per.] G g sent

118

Declaring that Perf-msletting Houses in separate . parturients, ire. shall be leaned the Occupiers for the Purposes of ' this Act, and coaipellable to pay the Rates.

For the better recovering Rate- on

Houses et at small Kents.

landlords not to be rated for referred Rent.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

fcr.t Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of all and every House, Tenement or other Premises within the said Parish, which is, are, or shall be let in Parcels or separats Apartments, or in Lodgings fumished or unfurnished, shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and shall be rated to and shall pay the several Rates and AfleAments for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, and all other the Parochial Rates of the said Parish.

II. And be it further enacted, That when the yearly Rent or Value of any House, Tenement, or Hereditament within the said Parish shall not ex- <-ceed Twenty Pounds, or where any House, Tenement, or Hereditament shall be let to any Weekly or Monthly Tenants, or in separate Apartments fumished or unfurnished, and the Rents thereof shall become payable, and be collected at any Aiorter Period than quarterly, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor or the major Part of them in Veltry assembled (if they shall thrnk proper) to compound with the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of all and every or any such House or Houses, Tenement or Tenements, Hereditament or Hereditaments in the said Parish, for the Payment of the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, and all other the Parochial Rates of the said Pa-rifli, at such a reduced yearly Rental as the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor or the major Part of them for that Purpose in Veltry assembled, Avail think reasonable; so that no such House or Houses, 'iene-ment or Tenements, Hereditament or Hereditaments be rated at lei's than One-half, or more than Four-fifths of the Rack Rent at which the fame respectively shall then be let, or of the annual Value of the said Premises respectively; and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of all such Houses, 1 enements, or Hereditaments, as shall not exceed the yearly Rent of Twenty Pounds, or as shall be let to any Weekly or Monthly 'tenants, or 9t separate Apartments furnished or unfurnished, and from whence the several Rents thereof shall become due and be collected at any shorter Period than quarterly, is and are hereby required to enter into such Compo-lition with the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor or the major Part of them so assembled; and in case such Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners shall refiufe to enter into such Composition, he, she, or they shall from ihenceforth be deemed and taken to be-' the Occupier or Occupiers of such Premises, and shall thereupon be rated to and from Time to Time shall pay or cause to be paid the Rates or Assessments charged upon their respective Premises for the Reliet of the Poor, and all other the Parochial Rates of the said Parish, according to a fair and equal Assessment by the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor or the major Part of them so alfc-mbled; and upon Non-payment thereof, the said^Church-wardens and Overseers or any of them are hereby authorized to levy the same by DiArefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of the respective Premises aforesaid where-soever they may be found, or of the Person or Persons inhabiting the lame respectively: Provided always, that no such Landlord or Owner shall be charged with or liable to pay for any increased Rent referred or made payable to him for or on account of such Landlord or Owner, having agreed to pay the Rates heretofore chargeable upon the several Occupiers of such Premises; and provided also, that the Goods and Chattels of all and every Person or Persons renting or occupying any such House, Tenement or Hereditament,

ng

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

reditament, or any Part or Pa; ts thereof, the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments whereof the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners is and are hereby made liable and subject (o as aforesaid, shall be liable at all Times to be distrained and fold for Payment of so much of the said Rates or Assessments, and of all Arrears thereof as became due upon the said Premises during the Time of his, her, or their Occupancy only; but no such Occupier or Occupiers shall at any Time be required to pay or be subject or liable to pay any greater Sum for or towards the Discharge of the said Rates or Assessments or any of them and Arrears thereof, than the Amount of the Rent actually due and payable by such Occupier or Occupiers to the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of the Premises so occupied by him, her, or them; provided also, that each and every Occupier who shall pay any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or any Arrears thereof, or upon whom the same shall be levied, shall and may from Time to Time deduct the fame from the Rent due and payable from him, her, or them, to the respective Landlords or Owners of the Premises (unless there shall be some Agreement to the contrary between the Landlord and Tenant) and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Occupier and Occupiers, and to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords for so much Money as he, she, or they shall pay in the Manner directed by this Act; provided also, that no such Tenant or Occupier, by Payment of any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments in Manner aforesaid, or which shall have been compounded for as aforesaid, shall be deemed to acquire any Settlement in the said Parish, but in every such Case the Landlord or Owner of the Premises shall be deemed and conllrued to have paid the fame, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall How Kate« remove out of or from or quit the Possession of any House, Shop, Building, f

Tenement, or other Premises, before such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Af- Parties re-feffments charged thereon respectively shall be paid and discharged, or if maYinii-any Person or Persons shall enter into the Occupation of any House, Shop,

Building, Tenement, or other Premises in the said Parish, out of or from which any other Person or Persons shall have so removed, before such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, shall have been paid and discharged, then and in every such Cale, the Person or Persons so removing out of or from, or quitting the Possession of and the Person or Persons entering into the Occupation of any such House, Shop, Building, Tenement or other Premises, shall be respectively subject and liable to the Payment of all such Rates and Assessments in proportion to the Time that such Persons respectively possessed or occupied the fame, in the same Manner as if the Person or Persons so removing or quitting as aforesaid had remained in the Possession or Occupation of such House, Shop, Building, Tenement or other Premises, or the Person or Persons so entering into the Possession or Occupation thereof respectively, had been originally rated and assessed to such Rates or Assessments or any of them, and such Proportion shall be ascertained by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish; and in case of any Dispute respecting the Amount or Proportion thereof, the same shall be settled by any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Surrey.

I 20

Rates to be levied in Manner di. rected by 43 fcliz. c. 2

Cert.i'n Acts n t to be aiiected-

u and 13 Car. i. c- 28.

18 G 2. c13.

30 G. 2. c. 31.

Ti G. 3 C. 7J.

Paupers to be removed by Beadles instead of Overseers.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such Rates or Assessments for the Relief of the Poor shall and may he levied and recovered in such Manner as the several Rates and Atfeffments made for the Relief of the Poor, by virtue of an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Poor, can or may be levied and recovered.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be conlti ued to extend, so as to repeal, vary, alter, or affect any of the Clauses, Provisoes, Directions, Matters, or Things contained in an Act made in the Twenty-second and Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for making the Manor of Paris Garden a Parish, and to enable the Parishioners of Saint Saviour's, Southwark, to raise a Maintenance for Ministers, and for Repair of their Church, or to repeal, vary, alter, or affect any Clauses, Provisions, Uiredtions, Matters, or Things contained in an Act made in the Twenty-eighth Y'ear of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, An Act to enable the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to held a Market within the said Parish, net interfering with the High Street in the said Borough-, or to repeal, vary, alter, or affect any Clauses, Provisions, Directions, Matters, or Things contained in a certain other Aft made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of King George', the Second, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and render mure effedua! an Act, passed in the Twenty eighth Tear of Bis prefnt Majesty, v tituled, ‘ An Act to enable the Churchwardens, Overfers, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of Surrey, to hold a Market within the said Parish, not interfering with the High Street in the said Borough or to repeal, vary, alter, or affect any of the Clauses, Provisions, Directions, Matters or Things contained in an Act made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for enlarging the present or providing a new Workhouse for the Ufo of the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark; and for regulating the Poor in such Work-house, for widening King Street at the Entrance into the High Street, Southwark, for making a Carriageway from the said High Street through the Greyhound Inn into Queen Street; and for improving the Passage from then re into Gravel Dane leading towards the Blackiriars Bridge Road in the Parish of Christ Church; but such several Acts, and all and every the Claufts, Provisions, Directions, Matters, and Things therein contained, shall be as good, valid, and effectual, and have the fame Force and Effect as if this Act had not been made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any poor Person or Perform, or any Vagrant or Vagrants, shall be ordered to be removed from the said Parish of Saint Saviour so the Place or Parish of his, her, or their legal Settlement, it shall be lawful for the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor (if (hey shall think fit) to cause such poor Person or Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, to be resptcthxly removed, in the ufuttl Manner of removing Paupers or Vagrants, by a Beadle orlbtne Person or Persons to he appointed by the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor or any Two or more of them for that Purpose, by Writing under their Hands; and every Overseer and other proper Officer of the Parish or Place to which such poor Person or Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, shall be ordered to be

removed

121

4S‘ GEORGII III. Cap.g.

removed as aforesaid, is hereby required to receive every such poor Person or Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, in like Manner as he or they would have been bound to do if such poor Person or Persone, Vagrant or Vagrants, had been delivered to him, her, or them, by One of the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Saviour, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Andforthe for the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants of the said ^1|0r'()ef^ctu' Parish assembled in Vestry, or the major Part of them so assembled, from the iw a'?J Time to Time as often as they may find necessary, to employ any Surveyor or Surveyors or other competent Person or Persons to estimate and after- wl'thin tie tain the annual Value of all or any House or Houses, or Hereditaments rarish. liable to be assessed to any Rate for the Relief or Maintenance of the Poor, they the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor paying out of the Poor’s Rates such Sum and Sums of Money to such Surveyor or Surveyors for his or their* Trouble therein, as to the said Churchwardens and Overseers shall seem just and reasonable; Provided always, that no Person shall be capable of adding as a Surveyor as aforesaid until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following before the said Churchwardens and Overseers, (which Oath they or any One or more of them are hereby empowered to administer):

I A.B. do swear, That I will truly, impartially, and honestly execu'e ‘ A the Trust reposed in me as a Surveyor, by virtue of an Act, passed ift

the Forty-eighth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

‘ An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the ‘ Parish of Saint Saviour, in the Borough of Southwark, in the County of f Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof, without Favour or Affection,

Prejudice or Malice to any Person whcmisoever.

'So help me GOD.’

VIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Dif- *pence of tress shall be made for Non-payment of any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or tri-i, "o i*'" Assessments or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the i*1 " 'tithe Person or Persons making such Distress to raile and levy the reasonable "1 " ' Charges of making such Distress, and felling and disposing of the fame,

upon the Goods and Chattels, over and above the Sum of Money due upon the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments for which such Distress shall be taken.

IX. And be it further enacted, That where any such Distress shall be Pm>3 made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act,

the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties t, br deemed making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any 'I'resp.ulVra. Defect or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the specia! Damage in an Action on the Cafe:

Provided always, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action Cities not. for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceeding, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or to his, ot'AiVon her, or their Attorney or Attorr.ies, or left at his, her, or their last or h.nc usual Place of Abode Twenty-one-Days before such Action shall be com-[Lee. is5 Per.'] Hh menced,

128

Proceedings not to be quashed for Want of Form.

If diiTatisfied may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

Justices may relieve on Appeal apair.ft Rates without qualhing the whole Assessment.

Inhabitants may be W:t-netfes.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

menced, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action, if l ender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed every or any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding before such Action brought; and in case qo such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into the Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Order and Judgment shall be had, made, or given in and by such Court, as in other Adhons where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, nor any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or ttanfacled in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form only.

XI. Provided always and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or by reason of any Order, Judgement, or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting ia execution of this Act, or by any Matter or Thing done in pursuance there, of, then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Surrey, which shall happen next after the Expiration of Fourteen Days after the Cause of Complaint shall have aiifen, such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice at least of such Appeal and of the Matter thereof to the Party or Parties appealed against, and within Two Days next after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance in the Sum of Twenty Pounds, before some Justice of the Peace for the said County conditioned for prosecuting such Appeal, and to abide the Order thereon, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices assembled at such General or Quarter Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given and of entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as they the said Justices shall think proper, and also to order and award such Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall think reasonable.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on Appeal from such Rates or Assessments, or any of them, the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions shall and may amend the fame in such Manner as may be necessary for giving Relief, without quashing or altering such Rates or Assessments with respect to other Persons mentioned in the fame; but if upon Appeal from the whole Rate or Assessment, it shall be found necessary to set aside the fame, then and in such Case the said Justices shall and may order a new Rate or Assessment to be made.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, causes, and Proceedings whatsoever relating to or concerning

-2 die

48° GEORGII III. Cap.g. 123

the Execution of this Act, no Inhabitant of the said Parish shall be deemed an incompetent Witness on account of his, her, or their being charged with and liable to pay any such Rate or Assessment.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought of

or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act after Six Months after the Fact committed or the Cause of such Action shall have arisen; and every such Action shall be laid and brought in the County of Surrey, and not elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions to be brought, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any ceneral Issue, Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if upon the Trial of such Action or Suit it shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before the Expiration of Twenty-one Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall becothe non-suited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or De- colti. fendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences for paying the of passing this Act, and all other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof this Act? ° or incurred in relation thereto, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed out of the First Monies which shall arise or be collected by virtue of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Publick Act, taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such

by ail Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cup. lo.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of his late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Hinckley to Melbourne Common, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby.

[21st March 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of the \/\f Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, ▼An Act for repairing and widening the High Roads from Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, and also from Hoo Alh Lane through Old Lane, and from Swannington to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melbourne Common, and from Ibstock to Meaftiam, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby: And whereas an Act was passed in the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the ‘ Second, intituled, ‘An Act for repairing and widening the High Roads from ‘ Hinckley to Woeful Bridge, and also from Hoo Alh Lane through Old Lane, ‘ and from Swannington to Lee Gutter, and from thence to Melbourne ‘ Common, and from Ibstock to Meaftiam, in the Counties of Leicester and ‘ Derby, and for repairing and widening the Rond from Phiney’s House in the Liberty of Ofbafton to Chelhires House in the Liberty of Carlton, and ‘ also the Road from the Turnpike Road at Swannington along Burton’s

Lane to the Coal Fields, and also the Road from the Toll Gate in Old Lane

\_Lsc. & Per. j U 'to

'.3 G. 4. n 45.

14 C. 3. c.no

126

Afisforther cuii turned.

Fiiit Meeting of the Trul-tcei.

Power to adjourn.

aS° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

to the Leicester and Ashby-de-la-Zouch Turnpike Roads And whereas great Progress hath been made in the Execution of the said Acts, and considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls? authorized to be taken on the said Roads; which Money cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be effectually amended, improved, supported, and kept in Repair, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts is further continued, the Powers and Provisions thereof in some Respects altered, amended, and enlarged, and the Tolls increased; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by tire King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, passed in the Thirty-third Year of his laid late Majesty, and in the Fourteenth Year of His said present Majesty, and all the Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also such as are by this Act varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and the same are hereby further continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and this Act and the additional Term and Powers hereby granted shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing or hereafter to grow due and to be borrowed on the Credit of the said Acts, together with the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, or any Five or more of them, shall meet at the George Inn, in Market Bosworth, in the said County of Leicester, upon the Second Wednesday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Three of the Clock in the Afternoon, or at such other Time and Place as the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees shall appoint by Notice or Advertisement in the Manner herein-after prescribed with respect to Meedngs on Emergencies, and then and there proceed to carry this Act and the said recited Acts into Execution, and shall then and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn themselves to meet again at such Place or Places, on or near to any Part of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or the major Part of them present at any such Meeting shall think proper and appoint, for putting this Act and the said recited Acts into Execution; and that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons who hath or have acted or shall act as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act or either of the said recited Acts, though not duly qualified previous to his or their being convicted of having done so, shall be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been so qualified.

III. And be it further enacted, That in case a competent Number of Trustees shall not appear at any Time and Place appointed for a Meeting of the said Trustees either then to act or to adjourn to any other Time, Two Trustees being hereby declared to be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only; or in case the said Trustees at any Time assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, then and in either of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being, by Notice in Writing to be affixed on all the Toll Gates eroded or to be erected upon the said Roads, or inserted in fomc Newspaper published

5

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 10. 127

or circulated in the County of Leicester (if any) at least Seven Days before the next Meeting, to appoint them to meet at the same Place where the last Meeting was held or was to have been held, on such future Day as shall be specified in such Notice, not exceeding Five Weeks next after the Day on which such lad Meeting was held or was to have been held as,

aforesaid; and in case such Clerk or Treasurer respectively shall refuse or neglect to give Notice, or shall by any Means be prevented from giving Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Five of the said Trustees, although not assembled at any Meeting at any Time or Times after such Refusal, Neglect, or Prevention respectively as aforesaid, by Notice in Writing under their Flands to be affixed or inserted in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the Trustees to meet at some House near to the said Roads upon some Day within Three Weeks next after the Date of such last-mentioned Notice.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the Meetings on said Trustees, it shall upon any Emergency be thought necessary that they Emergencies, should meet at an earlier Time than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in that case the Clerk to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing signed by Five or more of them, mentioning the Time, Place and Pur-

pose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in such Order 'v such Time not being less than Seven Days after such Noticed; and such earlier Meetings shall and may be held accordingly, and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meetings as aforesaid shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

V. And be it further enacted, That on every Sunday, after the Expira- Double Toil tion of Twenty-one Days next after the passing of this Act, there shall be on SunJa)rt-demanded and taken at the Toll Gates erected upon the said Roads rel-peftively, by the Collector or Collectors at such Gates, before any Horse,

Bead, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the fame, double the Tolls by the said recited Acts or either of them directed and allowed to be taken; which said Tolls shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and shall be collected and recovered, levied, paid,

applied, and disposed of in the same Manner and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof as are contained in the said recited Acts.

VI. And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls by the said recited Exemption* Acts granted shall be demanded or taken for any Carriage, Horse, Cat- flura r°11-tie, or Bead employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only

in carrying or conveying any Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Roads or any of the Roads in the Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, or passing for that Purpose, but passing to be used, laid up, or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Carriage, Horse, or Cattle going for the Purposes of or returning from the ploughing, tilling, or sowing of any Land or Ground, or which shall be used or employed only in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements

128 GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

ments of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compost, or Manure (except I.ime and Limestone) employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Palture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being ihoed or far-ried; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or on any ether Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Minilterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horse, Beall, Cattle, or Carnage of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Poll Mailer General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Beall, Cattle or Carriage attending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by, or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him ingoing to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise: Provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemptions as aforesaid; or for any Horse, Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Palfes; or for any Horse, Cattle, Beall, or Carriage carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to 01 returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said Counties of Leicester and Derby, or for the Election oi a Burgess or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Boroughs of Leicester and Derby, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Half whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Half shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

Power to vary

VII. And be it further enacted, That it lira 11 and maybe lawful to and Road irfthe for the Trullees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to Liberties of turn, vary, and alter the Line of the said Turnpike Road in the Liberties wTrtWnnon Worthington and Newbold from or riear the Junction of the Turnpike 0 Road leading from Colcorton to Rcmpston, with a Part of the said Hinckley Roadto or near the publick Road leading from other Part of the said Hinckley Road to Newbold and Breeden in the said County of Leicester-, and that immediately from and after the said Variation and Alteration shall be made,

' to flop up the said Line of Road so to be varied, which from thenceforth shall go and belong to Sir George Howland Beaumont Baronet, his Heirs and Alligns, in lieu of and Exchange for the Land or Soil of him the said Sir George Howland Beaumont, to be taken and used for the said Turnpike Road and in Satisfaction of the Charges and.Expences v^liich will be incurred by the

48° GEORGII III. Cap. lo. 129

the said Sir George Howland Beaumont in removing the Materials and well and i'ufficiemly forming and making the said Line of Road so to be varied pursuant to his Agreement with the said Trustees for that Purpose.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Toll Gate or Bar No "Toll Gate shall be (reded or let up upon the Line of Road so to be varied in the Li- llpon liberties of Worthington and Newhold as aforesaid, or at either of the Ends varied Line or thereof communicating with the Road from which the said Variation or the^a.'t! J Alteration is to be made.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Tolls arising from all or

any of the said Toll Gates erected or to be erected on the said Roads, take pofteifion shall at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act be demised or let to farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and the Lefiee or Lesses, Farmer or Farmers to whom the said Tolls shall be respectively demised or let, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the fame shall be so demised or let, or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lefiee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, shall be in Arrear by the Space of Ten Days next after any of the Days on which the fame ought to be paid pursuant to the Agreement for letting the fame, then and in either of the said Cafes the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, their Clerk or Treasurer, or other Person authorized by Writing under the Hands of any Five or more of them, shall be at Liberty and they are hereby authorized to enter into and upon the Possession of the Toll-house or Toll-houses with the Buildings, Gates, and Appurtenances thereto belonging so letten as aforesaid, and to remove and put out such Lefiee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of the Tolls there payable; and that thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (if they shall think fit) to vacate and determine the Contract or Agreement for leafing or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall accordingly be void to all Intents and Purposes (save as to the Covenants and Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved up to the Time when such Re-entry shall take Place) as if such Demise or Agreement had never been made; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, in every such Case to demise or let to farm the said Toils again to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be taken and collected in the same Manner as if no former Contract or Agreement had been entered into relative to the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collector FiveTrU<u-« or Receiver of the Tolls shall neglect or be incapable of performing his

Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, any Five or more of the said Coilc iorf: Trustees, though not assembled at a Meeting of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, shall and may lawfully discharge such Collector or Receiver so neglecting or being incapable of performing his Duty, or absconding or absenting himself; and in such Case, and also in case any ,. , such Collector or Receiver shall die, such Trustees shall and may nominate those mlr-and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said behav ng, an a Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the uTne"tMe't-Stead of such Collector or Receiver as shall die or be discharged; and such >ng.

Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority,

\_Loe. & ftr. j Kk and

130 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all Respects as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or would have been subject to; and if any Collector cr Receiver of the said Tolls who shall be discharged from his said Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or Representative or Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person who shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any 1 oll-house or Building erected on the said Roads for the Space of Two Days after Demand thereof made and Notice in Wriling given for that Purpose by any Five or more of the said Trustees, although not aifem-bled at a Meeting, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or J reasur rs for the Time being, then and in any of the said Cafes it shall and may oe lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or P ce, a"d he and they is and are hereby required, by Warrant under his < r intir Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Aihftance as shall be necessary to enter such House or Building in the Day lime, and to remove such Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Go ds out of the fame, and to put the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such hew appointed Collector or Receiver, into the Possession thereof.

Colleger or

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Litigation

a witHefs. L shall arise touching any Distress taken for Non-payment or Recovery of any of the Tolls payable by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said 1 rustees, shall not be an incompetent Witness or Witnesses by reason of his or their being a Collector or Collectors o( the said Tolls, to prove the Legality of the Distress and the Non-payment of such Toll or Tolls or any Part thereof, or to give any other Proof or Proofs, Testimony, or Evidence which shall be necessary in such Case.

statute'La-

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by l aw are or

"ur‘ shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards

repairing and amending the said Roads or any Part thereof, or any Division thereof, shall (till remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Leicester, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her* or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers 5 and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors, of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a

Composition

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 10. T31

Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the tefpeftfvfe Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed determined by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint: and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of ally Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable [to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Acts or this ACc authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall negletl or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of Ids, her or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts Horse or Horses, Bead or Beasts to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or willfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false and imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Truf- Trustees nwy tees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree by the Year or £°mPnd otherwise with the Possessors, Occupiers, Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, and work.'Ute Committees of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which are or shall be liable to or chargeable with the Repair of any Part of the said Roads, or of any Bridge, Arch, or Sewer, or with any Person or Persons for the Performance

I32

For recovering the Composition Monies.

How Surveyors of High, ways are to be reimbursed and Composition Money paid by them.

Trustees may eor.tract (or Repairs-

Mile Stones and Guide Ports to be set up when wanted.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

fbrmance of his, her, or their Statute Work (hereon; and also that it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of (he Highways of any of the said Parishes, Towmships or Places, or any of the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships or Places, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, for and in iieu of the Statute Work to be performed by such Inhabitants upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Competition Money agreed to be paid for parting through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, or in lieu of any such Repairs or Statute Work as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts of such Composition Money respectively, shall not be paid within Fifteen Days after the same shall become payable, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said Coui ty, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, to empower the Person or Persons authorized to receive such Composition Money (Oath having been first made before such Trustees or any Five or more of them, or such Justice or Justices, that the fame hath been demanded and remains due, which Oath the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or such Justice or Justices are hereby respectively empowered to administer) to levy such Competition Money by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Person or Persons having so compounded or agreed to pay such Composition Money as aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after deducting such Competition Money and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the Highways who shall pay any such Competition Money, or of whom the same shall be recovered as aforesaid, shall be repaid or reimbursed the Competition Money paid by or recovered of them respectively, with the Costs and Charges attending such Recovery, by the several Ways and Yeans and in such Manner as by the Laws in being Surveyors of the Highways are to be repaid or reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawdul for the said Trustees froift Time to Time, to Contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the repairing the said Road or any Part or Parts thereof, or for doing any other Work in pursuance or execution of this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money annually or otherwise as the said Trustees shall think proper.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause to be set up, whenever the same shall be wanted, Stones or Posts in, upon, or near the Sides of the said Roads, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, with Inscriptions thereon denoting the Number of Miles and Distance from Places; and also erect such Guide or Direction Posts with such Inscriptions thereon as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully pull down, break, or damage any such Stone or Port, or deface or obliterate any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon, or shall cause or procure the same to be done, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding

*33

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered in the same Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act are recovered, One Half whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half Aral) be applied in such Manner as the Penalties are herein-after directed to be applied.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall tide upon any Footway or Path adjoining to or made on the Side of or upon the said Roads, or shall drive any Horse, Cattle, or Swine, or any Carriage thereon, or shall cause any Damage to be done to any such Footway $ or S' any Person shall hale or draw or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone (other-wife than upon wheeled Carriages) or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Roads shall suffer the same to root up and damage the fame or any Part thereof, or the Fences or Hedges on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, or other Carriage upon the said Roads, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the left Side of the said Roads; or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or her upon the said Roads, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage under his Care ;]or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, on any Parc or Parts of the said Roads; or if any Person shall without sufficient Cause leave any Stage Coach, Waggon, Wain, or Cart longer than may be necessary in, upon or on the Side of any Part of the said Roads, either with or without any Horse or Bead of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto; or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of the said Roads or on the Side or Sides thereof to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Inconvenience of Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever shall take away any Materials which shall have been dug, gotten, or gathered for the Repair or Use of the said Road, or shall raise or carry away any MaterialsoutofanyPit or Quarry whiciilhall have been made or opened for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Road, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have difcbntinued working the rein, for the Space of Ten Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials for his own private Use only and not for Sale,) every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Three Pounds.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault, interrupt, or hinder, or cause or promote to be assaulted, interrupted, or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons by them or any of them, or by the said

[Lee. & Per.'} LI Trustees

Penalty for riding on Footpaths.etc-

Penalty on taking away Materials.

Penalty on

obli fueling any Person in the Execution of the Act.

*34

48° GEORGII III. Cap. ra

Trullees or any Five or more of them, employed in the Execution of tins and the said recited Acts, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

Trullees may

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing done by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being, and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees by virtue of this Act in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Treasurer or Clerk, nor by the Act of such Treasurer or Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting holden in pursuance of this Act, but that the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees, shall-be deemed to be the Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action; provided always, that every such Treasurer or Clerk in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully indemnified, reimbursed, and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Colls, Charges, Damages, and Expences as by the Event or in Consequence of any such Action or Proceeding he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed on his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, or upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents,* and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking effect , and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said

Accountant

in the Name of their Clerk.

Application of Cornpcn-fation Money when

amounting to acol;

i35

4*? GEORGII III. Cap. io.

AccduntSht General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, "hen the taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corpo- is^nthari'0* ration or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as *°oi. and aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed‘ *ol> exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame

shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name of and with the Privity of the said Accountant General, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid ac the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by any Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid as nextbefore mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the less than iol, Ule of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been

entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to of not whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of Titles.8 °U any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or difeovtred, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees or any

Five

*3 48* GEORGII III. Cap. xo.

five or more of them, to order the said Sam or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parlies interested in the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Dirtribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Personsin XXVI, Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any than be deem- Question shall a rife touching the Title of any Person to any Money to <<1 well enti- be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of contra"'be*1* Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this jh,-wn.y Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends and interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such possession was a wrongful Possession, and that fonre other Person or Persons was or were law fully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to iome Estate or Interest therein.

The Comt

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further emfted, That where byreason reasonable of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation Kjtpences of entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under belaid b* Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money

Trustees.1 for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to

be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the

3 said

48° GEORG It III. Cap. 10. 137

said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Tinie pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures nireaiohs by this Act imposed, shall be recovered, levied, paid, and applied in such

and the same Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by the said failures im-recited Acts are directed to be recovered, levied, paid, and applied, by jhi* except in such Cases where the same are by this Act directed to be recovered, levied, paid, and applied in any other Manner. applied.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nd Plaintiff or Tender of Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any Irregularity, Trespass, or other be made.may Proceeding under or by virtue of this Act, if tender of such sufficient Amends

shall be made by or on Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or cause to be committed any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Preceeding, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by leave of the Court in which any such Action shall depend, at any Time before issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Order and Judgement shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court as in other Actions in which the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXX. And whereas Offences may be committed against the said Acts For (c uring

and this Act by Persons unknown to the Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, <)l"

or Officers appointed to put the said Acts and this Act in execution; be it therefore enacted, That ‘it shall be lawful for any of the said Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or than before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty Session to be holden within or for the County,

Place, or District in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Petty Session, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Petty Sessions as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them to the Gaol or House of Correction of the said County or Place, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Expences attending the Conviction and Commitment.

[Lcr. Per. J M m

Offenders

convt&ai.

Errm of Conviction.

Expences of the Act.

Eublick Act.

Commencement and Continuance of the Act-

4J># GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

XXXI. And for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against the said recited Acts and this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect (as the Case shall require); viz.

‘ T) E it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year

‘ of our Lord A.B. is convicted before me C.D. One of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Jpec‘fpng ‘ the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame was committed, and the Penalty or Forfeiture, as the Case shall require]. Given under ‘ my Hand and Seal the Day and Year full above mentioned.’

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Colls, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, together with lawful Interest for the fame, shall be paid out of the Money collected and received, or to be collected and received by virtue of the said Acts or this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Residue now to come and unexpired of the Terms granted and continued by the said recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years; and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 11.

An Act for completing the Improvement of the Port of Bristol.

[21st March 18c8.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving 43 C. j. c. 140. and rendering more commodious the Port and Harbour of Bristol; whereby the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, and and their Successors, the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of the Society of Merchants of the said City and their Successors, and the several Persons subscribing towards the Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, therein named and described, are incorporated by the Name and Style of ft he Bristol Dock Company, and are empowered and required to make and maintain, among certain other Works therein described, a Canal or Entrance Bason in Rownham Mead, in that Part of the Parish of Clifton which lies in the City of Bristol, such Entrance, Canal, or Bason, to communicate, by sufficient Gates and Locks, with the Floating Harbour, and also with the Merchants Floating Dock; and by the said Act, in addition to the Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, subscribed or to be subscribed as therein mentioned, the said Bristol Dock Company were empowered to borrow and take up at Interest, on the Credit of the Rates and Duties thereby granted, a further Sum of Money not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds:

And by the said Act it is enacted, That in case the several Works thereby authorized so be made, should not be completed and finished within Four Years next after the Works thereby authorized should have been begun, and Notice given in manner therein mentioned, then all and every the [Loi. Ss* Per.] N n Rates

142

Two Piert, a

Bridge, and a Road necessary to be executed.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. it.

Rates and Duties thereby imposed and made payable should cease, and be no longer paid or payable, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Works thereby authorized to be made should have been completed and fini(hedr, and Notification m^de thereof in Manner therein mentioned: AruL^vhereas an Act was passed in the Fcrty-sixth Year of the Reign j^His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to alter and amend, an Act, pafjei in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for improving and rendering Viore commodious the Port and Harbour c/iBr0ol, and for extending the Powers and Prsvifitns of the said Act ;* wht?eby.the said Dock Company are authorized to varyjmd alter the Works by the before recited Act directed to be made, in Manner therein set forth, and to form, lay out, and maintain a Road for Horses, Carts, Carriages, and Foot Passengers, along a certain Canal or Feeder in the Parishes of Saint George and Saint Philip and Jacob, in the County of Gloucester, across and over a Dam at Totterdown, and along the Side of the new intended Course of the River Avon: And the said Dock Company being unable, on account of the said Provision contained in the said Act hereinbefore recited, for ceasing the Rates and Duties thereby imposed, to borrow the Sum of Fifty thousand Pounds, they the said Dock Company are by the said Act authorized to make additional Calls on the Proprietors of Stock or Shares in the said Undertaking, so as such Calls did not exceed in the Whole the Sum of One hundred and thirty-five Pounds upon each Share: And whereas it will be of great publick Utility that Two Piers and a Drawbridge or Swivel Bridge should be erected and maintained across the River Avon, opposite to the lower End of Princes Street, in the Parish of Saint Stephen, in the City of Bristol, to that Part of the Parish of Bedminster which lies in the said City of Bristol, with a Road or Way from the said Pier in the Parish of Bedminster, into the Road or Way adjoining to the said intended Course of the River Avon; and that such Pier should be so con-flruded, and furnished with such Gates, as to keep up the Water in the upper Part of the Floating Harbour to be made as directed by the said recited Acts, when there shall be Occasion to let off the Water from the lower Part of the said Harbour; and also to keep in the Water in the lower Part of the said Floating Harbour, when there shall be Occasion to let the Water off from the upper Part thereof: And whereas the proposed Communicating Lock between the Entrance Bason in Rownham Mead aforesaid and the Merchants Floating Dock, is unnecessary, and will be attended with Inconvenience to the said Floating Dock: And whereas the several Works authorized and required by the said recited Acts and this Act cannot be proceeded with, and the several Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act and of this Act put into complete Execution, for the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, originally proposed to have been raised and borrowed for improving and rendering more commodious the said Port and Harbour of Bristol: And whereas the said Bristol Dock Company have, in order to proceed with the said Works, procured a temporary Aid, and incurred Debts to a considerable Amount; for the Re-payment of which it is necessary to provide: And whereas the Works for improving the Harbour of Bristol will be of great publick Utility; and it is expedient that the Board of Directors of the said Bristol Dock Company, should be enabled to raise a fuflkient Sum of Money for the Discharge of the Debts they have incurred, and for completing the said Works: And whereas to enable the Bristol Dock Company to raile a sufficient Sum of Money, and for other Purposes, it will be necessary and expedient to alter, amend, and enlarge j2 the

*43

48° GEORGII III. Cap. ii.

the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts; Now therefore may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s tnoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for the better enabling the Directors nominated for managing the Affairs and Business of the Bris- 4, g. 3. as tol Dock Company, to raise a further Sum of Money for carrying into Exc- loJ.he cution the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts and of this Act, tke Work* so much of the said Act first herein-before recited as enacts, that in case the within a Works thereby required to be made shall not be completed and fmished within Four Years next after the said Works shall have been begun, and Notice given thereof in Manner therein mentioned, all and every the Rates and Duties thereby imposed and made payable shall cease and be no longer payable, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the Works thereby authorized to be made should have been made, completed, and finished, and Notification made thereof in Manner therein mentioned, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and all and singular the Rates and Duties payable under and by virtue of the said recited Acts and of this Act, on Shipping, Goods, and Merchandize, and on Houses, and the Tolls, on the Road and Dams, shall be from Time to Time payable in Manner directed by the said recited Acts and of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Clauses for ceasing the fame herein-after contained.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Power to raise said Directors, or any Five or more of them, to raise in all or any, or such Monty.Um of the Ways or Means herein-after mentioned, as shall from Time to Time

be determined on by any General Meeting of the said Bristol Dock Company, to be held in Manner specified and directed by the said recitad Acts, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be necessary for discharging all and every the Debt and Debts, Sum and Sums of Money due and owing by the said Briftal Dock Company, or the Directors nominated and appointed for managing and conducting the Affairs and Business of the said Company, or any or either of them, on Behalf of the said Dock Company, or for which they now do, or at any Time hereafter shall or may lland engaged, and for carrying into Execution the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts and of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Such further

Act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend to enable the said to

Dock Company to raise any further or additional Sums of Money, than the ,g0)Co«l. Sum of One hundred and eighty thousand Pounds, by Promissory Notes

or Calls, as herein-after directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Direc- How Money tors or any Five or more of them, to raise any Part or Parts of the Money to be r*lfed‘ necessary for the Purposes aforesaid by Loan, from the Proprietors of Shares

in the said Undertaking, in case such Proprietors shall be willing to subscribe, t or if not from any Person or Persons willing to advance the fame; and that such Loans shall be secured by the Promissory Notes of the said Company, signed by their Treasurer on their Behalf; in which Notes it shall be expressed that an Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per An-num, shall be payable Half-yearly; and that the Principal thereby secured shall be payable immediately on the Expiration of Six Calendar Months

\ next

r* 4*4

fr«vision for Payment of Inrerolt on Voice.

HoMert of Hi tes may become Pro-prictore:

And becoming so, shall bt incorporated with the said Company.

48° GEORGII III. Ctip.it*

next after Notice in Writing shall have been left by the Holder of such Note at the Bristol Dock Office for the Payment thereof; and all and every such Promissory Notes shall be transferrable by Indorsement thereon.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money so to be bor-sowed and secured by Promissory Notes, shall be paid Half-yearly to the several Persons entitled thereto, in preference to any Interest or Dividends due or payable by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, to any Proprietor Or Proprietors of Shares or Stock in the said Undertaking; and that all and singular the Rates, Tolls, and Duties, authorized to be taken by the said recited Acts and this Act shall be a Security for the due and punctual Payment thereof; and in case the said Interest, or any Part thereof, shall be in arrear by the Space of Three Calendar Months after the same shall become due and payable, and after Demand made of such InterestfromtheTreasurer of the said Company, or in case the Principal Monies secured by the said Notes, or either of them, shall not be paid at the Expiration or Six Calendar Months after Notice requiring such Payment shall have been left at the Bristol Dock Office, then and in such Cases the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Bristol Dock Company shall and may, and he and they is andare hereby authorized and required, by and out of all Rates, Dues and Duties, or by and out of any Sum and Sums of Money which may be received on the Credit of such Rates and Duties by any of the Means in the said recited Acts or this Act mentioned, which shall come to his or their Hands subsequent to such Demand of Interest, or Notice to pay off the said Principal Monies, to pay off and discharge all Principal or Interest, or both, as the Case may be, which shall or may be due or owing to the Holder or Holders of such Note or Notes who shall or may have demanded the Interest, or given Notice for Payment of the Principal Monies due on such Note or Notes; and in case more than one Holder of the Promissory Notes of the said Company shall demand the Interest due on such Notes, or give Notice for the Payment of the Principal Monies thereby secured, then and in such Case such Holder or Holders of Notes shall have Preference and Priority of Payment according to the Dates of their respective Demands of Interest, or Service of Notices for Payment of their Principal Monies.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Holders of the said Promissory Notes shall have and be entitled-to an Option, instead of receiving back the Principal Monies thereby secured, of being admitted to and becoming Proprietors of Stock in the said Bristol Dock Fund, at Par (that is to say); of being admitted to and becoming Proprietors of One hundred Pounds Stock, for or in respect of every One hundred Pounds Principal Money so secured, in case such Holders respectively of the said Notes shall give to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Bristol Dock Company, or leave for them at the Bristol Dock Office within Three Years from the Date of such Notes respectively, and at lead Three Calendar Months previous to the Day or respective Days on which such Holders shall respectively desire to become Proprietors as aforesaid, a Notice in Writing of such their Wiffi or Intention.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to whomany such Notes as aforesaid shall be given, or who shall from Time to Time be entitled thereto and to the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, as Indorsees or otherwise, at or before the Expiration of the said Term of Three Years, on

J45

48° GEORGII III. Cap. it,

such Option or Election being made, and Notice thereof so given as aforesaid to become Proprietors of Stack in respect thereof, shall be admitted Proprietors in the said Fund accordingly, and shall be, and they are hereby declared to be Owners and Proprietors of such Stock as he, (lie, or they shall or may by virtue of such Note or Notes and Election to be made as aforesaid become entitled to, and and shall be and they are hereby united to and incorporated with tlje said Company; and the several Powers, Directions, Forfeitures, Penalties, and Provisions contained in the said recited Acts (i'ubjecc nevertheless to the Provisions, Directions, and Regulations herein contained) shall extend to the Nature of the Property, Sale, and Disposal of, and transferring of such Stock, in like Manner as if such Stock had been originally subscribed for, and as if the Money to be subscribed for by virtue of this Act was Part of the Money authorized to be raised by the said First recited Act, and as if the said several Powers, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, and other Provisions contained in the said recited Acts or any of them, and not hereby abrogated or altered, were repeated or re-enacted in this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Brifto! Dock Company, at any Meeting to be held as aforesaid, shall deem it expedient and necessary for the Benefit and Advantage of the said Dock Company, or if the said Dock Company cannot procure the Whole or any Part of the Money necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, on such Promissory Notes as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Directors of the said Company, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raise such additional Sum or Sums of Money as shall not have been so borrowed, and as shall or may be necessary for discharging all and every the Debt and Debts, Sum and Sums of Money due and owing by the said Bristol Dock Company, or by the said Directors, or any or either of them, on Behalf of the said Company, or for which they now are, or shall or mgy Hand engaged on any Part or Parts thereof; and for paying off any Promissory Note or Promissory Notes called in under the Powers and Provisions of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for carrying into Execution the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act, by Calls on the Proprietor or Proprietors of Stock or Shares in the said Undertaking, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, according to the Amount of the Stock or Shares of such Persons respectively, so that no One Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for each One hundred Pounds Stock in the said Undertaking; and no Calls to that Amount to be made at less than Two Calendar Months from the preceding Call, which Money so to be called shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as the said Directors mall appoint.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Proprietor or Proprietors of Stock in the said Undertaking shall subscribe or advance any Sum or Sums of Money upon any Promissory Note or Promissory Notes, that then and in such Case the Call or Calls from Time to Time made, in respect of the Shares or Stock held by such Person or Persons, shall, to the Amount of the Promissory Note or Promissory Notes so taken, and from Time to Time outstanding, be and continue respited, and not be paid or payable for such Time, ana until a Notice or Notices for Repayment of the Money due on such Promissory Note or Promissory Notes, shall have been given in Manner hereinbefore directed j and that from and

[Lee. & Per.] Oe immediately

power to make Call*.

Calls for Money :efpited, in Cafes whc.e Proprietors shall advance Money on Promissory Notes.

14.6 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

immediately after such Notice or Notices shall have been given as aforesaid, the Call or Calls so respited shall become and be payable, and in case the same shall not be paid or discharged within Three Calendar Months after such Notice shall have beengiven to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons in whose Names for the Time being the Stock in respect of which the Calls shall have been so respited, shall Hand, that then and in such Case all and every the Powers, Remedies, and Provisions of the said recited Acts for recovering Calls, for forfeiting, felling, or disposing of Stock in the said Undertaking, upon which Calls shall be unpaid, shall be extended to the Stock on which such respited Calls shall have become payable, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Regulations in the Act of 46 G. v as to relinqui filing Shares, to extend to this Act,

X. And be it further enacted, That the several Regulations, Provisions, and Clauses contained in the said recited Acts, allowing Proprietors to relin-quish their Shares, upon giving Notice within 't hree Calendar Months after the passing this Act, for Sale of such Shares so relinquished, for Recovery of Calls and Arrears, and for Forfeiture of Stock on Nonpayment of Calls, shall be and the same are hereby extended to the Stock to be created, and the Calls to be made under and by virtue of this Act, and that as fully as if such Clauses, Powers, and Provisions, were herein repeated.

Extending the Time for completing the Works.

If Works not completed within a limited Time, Rates by the said Acts to cease.

At the expiration ot Three Months after the Works are finished, the Rates gran'ed by the former Acts to be again paid.

XI. And whereas the said Directors have, for the greater Accommodation of the Trade of the said Port of Bristol, determined to wall the Entrance Basons at Rownham Meads and at Trim Mills, and on account thereof, andoftheintendedEredions of the Piersand Bridge at Princes Street, and from certain Difficulties which have occurred and may occur in the Construction of the Works, and from other causes it is expedient that the Time allowed to the said Dock Company, for completing and finishing the several Works authorized by the said recited Acts and this Act, shall be extended; be it therefore enacted, That in case all the several Works authorized to be made by the said recited Acts and this Act (save and except the Towing Path authorized and required to be formed between Hanham Mills and the Engine Mill, the Alterations required to be made in the Lock at Hanham and the Works required to be executed for the Protection of the Estates of the Duchess of Chandos and William Gore Langton Esquire,) shall not be completed and finished, and the Completion thereof duly proved before the Justices of the Peace in and for the City and County of Bristol in Quarter Sessions assembled, and certified by Writing under the Hand of the proper Officer of the Court, and a Copy of such Certificate inserted in the London Gazette and Two or more of the Bristol Papers, on or before the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nine, then and in such Case the Rates and Duties imposed by the said recited Acts shall cease and be no longer paid and payable, until the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the said Works shall have been so completed and finished, and certified and advertised as hereinbefore directed; and from and after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the said Work3 shall have been completed and finished, certified and advertised as aforesaid, all and singular the Rates and Duties imposed and made payable by the said recited /ids, and not hereby altered, varied, or repealed, shall recommence and be again paid and payable, until the same shall be redeemed in Manner in the said recited Acts and this Act declared.

Directors to divide Money among Stockholders.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Directors, or any Five of them, and they are hereby required 9 to

147

4S6 GEORGII III. Cap. it.

to divide all and every the Sum and Sums of Money from Time to Time divil'able among the Stock-holders in the said Concern, under the Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act, by Two Half-yearly Payments or Dividends; and that the said Directors shall be at Liberty, in calculating the First Half-yearly Dividend, to retain such Part or Parti; of the Sum or Sums then in Hand as shall be from Time to Time deemed reasonable and proper, for the Purpose of equalizing, as near as may be, such Half-yearly Payments or Dividends.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That for the more speedy Discharge of ^Smkmgj the Capital or Joint Stock of the said Bristol Dock Company, or of any cieated for Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by them for the Purposes menti-

oned in the said recited Acts and this Act, there shall from and after the port.

First Day of May next after the Completion of the said intended Works, and Commencement of the additional Rates herein after granted, be annually and every Year appropriated and paid over by the Directors of the said Bristol Dock Company, unto the Chamberlain for the Time being of the said City of Bristol, the Treasurer for the Time being of the Society of Merchant Venturers of the said City of Bristol, and the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Dock Company, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for forming an immediate Sinking Fund for the Discharge of such Capital or Joint Stock of the said Bristol Dock Company, and of such Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed by them as aforesaid.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Annual Surplus, Pro- Whenever the fits. Income, and Gain, which from Increase of Trade or otherwise, shall DockCom-1 C at any Time or Times hereafter be received by the Bristol Dock Company pany shall be more than sufficient to pay the respective Holders of Stock in the said Con- p^ient'to cem a Dividend of Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum on such Stock, pay 81, per shall be by the said Company annually paid over to the Chamberlain for ^u"thiT’tohbe the Time being of the City of Bristol, to the Treasurer for the Time being added to the of the Society of Merchant Venturers, and the Treasurer for the Time Sinking Fund, being of the Bristol Dock Company, in Addition to and Augmentation of the Sinking Fund herein-before created, and to be applied in paying the Debts and extinguishing the Stock of the said Company.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Chamberlain for the Trustees for Time being of the City of Bristol, the Treasurer for the Time being of ^f^fund. the Society of Merchants, and the Treasurer for the Time being of the

Bristol Dock Company, shall be and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees of the said Sinking Fund; and they are hereby required to pay, apply, and dispose of the fame in Manner herein-after directed, of and concerning the ] fame; any Thing herein or in the said recited Acts or either of them, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Applicatioa to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required from Time to ffut,!, Smk'nS Time to lay out and invest the Sum and Sums of Money paid over to them

as aforesaid, in the Purchase of Stock in the Funds of the Bristol Dock Company, at the 1 owe ft Price at which such Stock can be bought, whenever the same shall be under Par, so that One hundred Pounds Stock may be purchased for leis than One hundred Pounds Sterling, and that such Stock

shall

148 48° GEORGII III. Cup.it.

shall be vested in the Names of the said Trustees who shall be entitled to and shall receive Dividends in respect thereof in the same Manner as other Holders of Stock in the said Fund; and such Dividends when so received, shall conditute and form Part of the said Sinking Fund, and be applied therewith; and when such Stock cannot be purchased under Par as aforesaid, then they the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to lay out and invelt all Sum and Sums of Money paid over to them, and arising from the said aggregate Sinking Fund, in the Purchase of Stock in the Publick Funds or on Government Security; such Stock or Security nevertheless to be from Time to Time saleable, and the Proceeds thereof, together with thelnterell and Dividends arising thereon, to be from Time to Time applied as herein directed touching the said sinking Fund.

Provisions in case the Stock shall be at and above Far.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Stock in the Bristol Dock Fund shall be and continue at and above Par, then and in such Case the Sums forming the said aggregate Sinking Fund, together with all Interest and Dividends arising therefrom, shall be by the said Trustees from Time to Time, as the same shall come into their Hands, invelled and continued in the Publick Funds, cr in other Government Securities, until the same shall have accumulated to the Amount of One-tenth Part of the Stock in the said Dock Funds then remaining unpurchased by the said Trustees, valuing the fame at Par; and the said Trustees shall then certify the same to the said Dock Company at their next General Half-yearly Meeting, held under the Power and by the Direction of the said Fird recited Act; and the said Dock Company shall, at the General Meeting at which such Certificate shall be read or received, appoint and fix a Time for the Re-purchase or Discharge at Par of Ten Pounds on each One hundred Pounds Stock, not then purchased by the said Trustees, at the Distance of Three Calendar Months at the lead, and within Six Calendar Months at the mofl from such Meeting, which Time so to be appointed as aforesaid for the Discharge of the said Stock, and the Place where the fame is to be paid and received, shall be notified by Advertisement in the London Gazette, and in Two Bristol Papers at lead, and by Writing affixed on the Exchange and Council House of the City of Bristol; and from and after the Time fixed as aforesaid for the Purchase of the said One-tenth Part of the Stock of the said Company, the whole Dividends, Intereds, or Amount, that would have been payable Half-yearly on such Stock so purchased by the said Trustees, if the fame had not been bought in, shall be paid to the said Trustees, and be by them applied in Aid of and to the Purposes of the said aggregate Sinking Fund, and so from Time to Time and until the Whole of the Stock of the said Company shall have been re-purchased, and become veded in the said Trustees; and from and after the Time so as aforesaid fixed and appointed for Payment and Discharge of any One-tenth Part of each One hundred Pounds Stock, the Proprietors or Owners of such Stock shall receive Dividends only on the Proportions thereof so remaining from Time to Time not appointed to be discharged.

An Account

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Trustees shall of the sinking keep a correct Account of all and every Sum of Money received by them ru*d. on Account of the said aggregate Sinking Fund, of all Transactions in die

Publick Funds or other Publick Securities, and of the Dividends or Intered arising therefrom, and of the Appropriation thereof in the Purchase of Stock in the Dock Company’s Funds, specifying all the Particulars relative there-

149

Two I iers and I raw-bridges to each, to be made

between the lower end of Prince's Street and Part of the Parish of Bed mi nfter.

4S« GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

to, and of every other Transaction, Receipt, and Charge, connected therewith; and shall, on the First Day of May in every Year, draw up a fair Statement thereof, Debtor and Creditor, shewing the Balance then remaining in their Hands (if any) the Sums (landing in the Publick Funds, or in other Government Securities, in their Names, and the whole Amount of Stock in the Funds of the BriftolDock Company which has been purchased, and is vested in them in Trull as aforesaid, and deliver one Copy thereof authenticated by their respective Signatures to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the City of Bristol, one other Copy thereof to the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty of Merchant Venturers of the City of Bristol, and one other Copy thereof to the Directors for the Time being of the Bristol Dock Company j and that such Account shall be annually inserted in the London Gazette and Two of the Bristol Newspapers.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Bristol Dock Company, and they are hereby authorized, and required, by themselves or their Deputies, Agents, Servants, and Workmen, to make, complete, and maintain Two Piers, with a Drawbridge or Swivel Badge therein, between the lower End of the Parish of Saint Stephen in the said City of Bristol, and that Part of the Parish of Bedminster which lies in the said City of Bristol, and a Road or Way from the said Pier in the Parish of Bedminster, such Road not to exceed the Breadth of Forty Feet into the Road formed or intended to be formed by the said Dock Company, along or by the Side of the said new intended Course for the River Avon; such Piers to be furnished with Gates or other Contrivances for the Purposes of keeping up the Water in the upper Part of the said intended Floating Harbour when it may be necessary for letting ofi the Water from the lower Part thereof, and for retaining the Water in the lower Part of the said Float when it may be necessary to let off the Water from the upper Part thereof, but not otherwise, but so nevertheless that the Water in the said Floating Harbour shall be kept up in the Part thereof, from Time to Time, remaining afloat to the Level of the Sixteen-Feet Mark on the Gauge Poll at the Mouth of the River Frame, and not higher.

XX. And whereas the Road or Way from the intended Pier or Bridge

in the Parish of Bedminster into the said Road adjoining the intended Course Fccrry, for the of the River Avon, will be laid out, formed, and made across and over cer- PurP fe of tain Lands and Hereditaments belonging to the Dean and Chapter of the fdairidg. Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Bristol, which are held under them by Sidcnham Teajl, of the City of Bristol, Shipwright, and across and over the Land of Richard Sargent Fowler, of the City of Bristol Esquire: And whereas the said Dean and Chapter are seised of Two Ferries across the River Avon, called the Gib Ferry and Trim Mill Ferry, which are all > held by the said Sidcnham Teajl as their Lessee, and which Ferries will be injured, destroyed, or rendered less valuable by the said intended Piers and Bridge; now be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the Powers, Clauses, and Provisions of the said recited Acts, for enabling the Directors of the Bristol Dock Company to purchase such Part and Parts of the Houses, Buildings, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, mentioned in certain Books of Reference in the said Act first herein-before recited and referred to, as was or were necessary for the Works therein specified, for enabling incapacitated Persons to fell, for assessing the Value by a Jury in case the Parties refuse or are [Lor. fcf Per.~\ P ft unable

150 4&° GEORGII III. Cap., n.

t unable to fell, to direct the Application of Purchase Monies, and for* veiling

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, put-chafed by the said Dock Company, in them and their Successors; and all other the Clauses and Provisions in the said recited Act, respecting Purchases and Compensations, shall be and the same are hereby extended to the said Fences of the said Dean and Chapter, the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of the said Dean and Chapter, and the Lands of the said Richard Sargent Fowler, through, upon, orover winch the Road hereby authorized and required to be made, will be laid out and formed; and that as fully and effectually as if such Clauses were herein repeated and re-enacted.

ToMHoufr;f.'1

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for and take Toils the Directors of the said Bristol Dock Company, and they are hereby *tc- required to erect and build, or cause to be erected and built, on or adjoin-

ing the said Piers or Bridge, a Toll House, Bar or Gate, or Toll Iioufes, Bars or Gates, as shall or may be necessary; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Bristol, and their Successors, and their Lessee or Lessees, or the Agents and Receivers of the said Dean and Chapter, or their Letfees, from Time to Time, and at all Times after the Completion of the said intended Road, Piers and Bridge, to have, receive, and take such and the fame Rates and Tolls on Foot Passengers, and for Trucks and Persons wheeling the fame and passing the said Bridge, as are now payable by Foot Passengers and Persons wheeling Trucks, and crossing at the said Ferry called the Gib Ferry; and that the said Dean and Chapter and their Lessees, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for enforcing Payment of the said Foot and Truck Tolls, to be collected on the said Bridge, as they now have for enforcing Payment of Tells at the said Ferry called the Gib Ferry; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Bristol Dock Company, and their Successors, to take and receive from Time to Time, and at all Times after the Completion of the said intended Road, Piers and Bridge and until the same shall be redeemed in Manner directed in and by the said recited Acts, such and the fame Rates and Tolls for Horses, Carts, and Carriages, passing across or over the said intended Piers and Bridge, as are granted and made payable by the Powers, Clauses, and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon and for Horses, Carts, and Carriages passing through the Turnpike or Toll Gates to be erected on the Road laid out under the Provisions thereof; and that all and every the Powers, Clauses, and Provisions of the last mentioned Act, for diffraining in case of Non-payment of such Tolls, and all other the Clauses Powers, and Provisions therein contained respecting such Tolls, and all Penalties, and Punnhments on Persons evading such Tolls, shall be, and the same are hereby extended to the Toll Gates or Bars to be erected as aforesaid, and the Tolls and Duties hereby made payable to the said Bristol Dock Company, and that as fully and effectually as if the fame were herein repeated and re-enacted, in relped of the said Tolls and Rates hereby made payable to the said Dock Company.

Veltinff such Piers and Bridge, in the Deck Company.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Piers and Bridge, and also the said intended Road, shall be and the fame hereby is and are vested in the said Bristol Dock Company and their Successors; and the said 9 Bristol

4B° GEORGII III. Cap. II. 151

brijlol Dock Company and their Successors are hereby required, from Time to Time to repair, amend, sustain, maintain, and keep the said Road Piers’ and Bridge, in, by, and with all and ail Manner of needful and necessary Reparations and Amendments whatsoever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Piers and Piers and

Bridge shall be at any Time or Times hereafter, from Accident or Decay, be

so much injured or damaged that the Passage thereof shall be dangerous or p;,|r by the impracticable, then and in all such Cases it shall and may be lawful to and Dock Com* for the said Dock Company and they are hereby directed, as often as Oc- pany' casion shall require, to provide a convenient and proper Foot and Carriage

Ferry across the said River as near as conveniently may be to the said Bridge or Piers; and to collect and take for passing over at the said Ferry such Rates and Duties, Rate and Duty, as is and are hereby directed to be paid for passing over the said Bridge; but the said Dock Company, and the Lessees or Lessee for the Time being of the Tolls upon Horses and Carriages, are and is to be accountable to the said Sidenbam Tcaft, or to the Lessees or Lessee for the Time being of the Tolls payable by Foot Passengers, and for Trucks and Wheels drawn by any Person or Persons, for all such Tolls as shall be collected and taken by them for and in respect of such Foot Passengers, Trucks and Wheels, as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Power to re-and for the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors, or their Lessee or Lessees, with their Consent under their Common and Chapter Seal, with the to remove the Ferry called Rownham Ferry, to any other Part of the said P

River Avon, within One hundred Yards of the present Ferry or Slips, chapter, and to form any Slip or Slips or Landing Places on the Towing Paths of the said Bristol Dock Company, and again to remove back such Ferry at their Defcretion, but with such Consent as aforesaid; and such Ferry shall, notwithstanding any such Removal or Alteration, be deemed and considered as an ancient and immemorial Ferry, and be entitled to all and Angular the Rights, Privileges, and Advantages, attached to the said Ferry called Rownham Ferry, before such Removal or Alteration as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Bristol Dock Com- Towing Path

pany shall make, form, or lay out a Towing Path in Canons Marsh, in be

the Parish of Saint Augujlinethe Less, in the City of Bristol, on Land be- ifacertain longing also to the said Dean and Chapter, now in Polfelhon of the said BrcaiUh' Sidenbam Teaft as their Lessee, that such Towing Path shall not exceed

Six Yards in Breadth, to be measured from High Water Mark, and to commence to or from the Stile or Gate now Handing and being at the Well End of Canons Marsh aforesaid, and extend to the Corner of a Yard in the Occupation of Joseph Manfield, Boat Builder, on the Fall End thereof; and that the Compensation for the Use of such Towing Path shall be settled, ascertained, and determined, in Manner specified in and by the said Acts and this Act.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Preserving the the said recited Acts or in this present Act contained, shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize the said Dock Company to use the said to the Dean Ground for any other Use than as a Towing Path, nor to hinder, prevent, "^eptTtoa

or I owing Path.

152 4&* GEORGII m. Qap.1t.

or redrain the said Dean and Chapter, their Successors, Lessees, and Assigns, from making, building or maintaining in or upon Canons Matjh aforesaid, any Dock or Docks, Wharf or Wharfs, Yard or Yards, Buildings, or other Improvements which they the said Dean and Chapter, their Successors, Lessees, or Assigns, now are or at any Time or Times hereafter may be enabled legally to make, build, and maintain, or from forming or making any Cut or Cuts, Canal or Canals, through such intended Towing Path, and through any Part of Canons Marsh aforesaid, into any such Docks, Yards, Wharfs, or other Improvements, in which case also the said Dock Company, for so long as they shall have the Use of such Towing Path, shall make, maintain, and repair the necefiiiry Draw-bridgesorSwivel Bridges for the Purpose of continuing the said Towing Path at their own Expence, nor to hinder or prevent the said Dean and Chapter, their Successors, Lessees, or Assigns, from using any Part of the Water of the Floating Harbour for any Docks, Cuts, or Canals, to be made as aforesaid; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Dean and Chapter, and their Successors, Lessees, and Assigns, to open the said Drawbridges or Swivel Bridges from Time to Time, and whenever necessary, for using and enjoying the said Docks, Cuts, Canals, Wharfs, Yards, Buildings, or Improvements.

XXVII. And whereas the said Dock Company have Power and Authority under the Provisions of the said first recited Act, to make and ered such and so many Mill or Mills at Rownbam Mead, in that Part of the Parish of Clifton which lies in the City of Bristol, as they should fee fit; now it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Bristol Dock Company to ere ft and make any Mill or Mills between the new Course of the River Avon and the old Course thereof, so that the fame be at leaf! Five hundred Yards below the Confluence of the Rivers Avon and Froome, and to make use of and employ, or grant Power and Authority to any Person or Persons whomsoever to use and employ any Part of the Waste Water of the said Floating Harbour for such Mill or Mills, upon such Terms, and under such Refli ictions, as the said Directors fee fit and necefliiry; referring nevertheless, on such Grants, the entire Controul of the Water of the said Floating Harbour, whenever necessary, tofeour the Harbour, and for other Purpol'es: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize the said Dock Company to keep in their own Possession, or work on their own Account, any of the said Mills which shall be erected and built under the Authority of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Feifons, Body xiven toLan.l- or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall or may require the their Rights fjMd Dock Company to purchase or make Compensation for any Docks, before a jury Mills, Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, rendered uieless, in-Assize*6' of jured, or made less valuable, by the several Works and Improvements authorized to be made by the said recited Acts, and this present Act, shall not agree in Manner in the said recited Acts mentioned, touching such Purchase or Compensation; or if, on Account of Absence or Disability of such Parties, or other Circumlluuces, such Agreement shall be impracti-

cable; then and in such Case such Difpuie, Requisition, or Claim, shall lie settled and adjulled, either by a Jury to be impannelled or summoned before the justices in Quarter Sessions, where such Property was situate, before the passing of the said first mentioned Act, in Manner in and

Power given to erect Mills between the ne« and old Course of the River Avon.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

by the said Act authorized and directed; or if the Owners or other Persons interested therein shall make their Option, and determine to have the fame settled and determined and adjudged before a Judge or Judges of Assize appointed for the County of Somerset, the County of Gloucester, or for the City and County of Bristol, at some Assizes to be there held, and of such Determination shall give Notice in Writing to the Directors of the said Company within One Calendar Month after Tender or Notice from the said Dock Company to such Party or Parties, of the Amount they are willing to give for such Purchase or Compensation, and in case no such Tender shall be made, then within Three Calendar Months after Notice, and within Two Years after any Injury sustained, then and in such Case such Dispute, Requifttion, or Claim, shall accordingly be settled, determined, and adjusted by a Jury to be impannelled, summoned, and sworn, before ajudge of AlTize for the Counties of Somerset or Gloucester, or for the City and County of Brifol. at some Assizes to be there held, in such and the same Manner as in and by the said last mentioned Act is directed touching the summoning, impannelling, and swearing of Juries before the Justices o{ Quarter Sessions, to assess the Amount of Monies to be paid for the Purchase of Houses, Buildings, Lands, and Premises, for making the said Works and Improvements thereby directed.

J5J

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Owner and to call for or Person interested in such Hereditaments and Premises, or the said Direc- sSt,ecidl Jury-tors, shall be desirous that such Dispute, Requifttion, or Claim as aforesaid,

shall be settled, determined, and adjusted by a Special Jury, then and in such Case the fame shall be determined, adjusted, and settled by a Special jury accordingly, to be chosen, struck, summoned, impannelled, and sworn before the Justices in Quarter Sessions, or before the Judge of Assize before whom the said Question shall be heard [as the Case may be] in such and the same Manner as Special Juries are by Law chosen and struck for Trial of Civil Suits, and to be summoned, impannelled, and sworn in such and the like Manner as by the said Act of the Forty-third of His present Majesty is directed, touching the summoning, impannelling, and swearing of Juries, to assess the Amount of Monies to be paid for the Purchase of Houses, Buildings,

Lands, and Premises, for the making the Works thereby directed to be made, or as near thereto as the different Natures of a Special Jury and a Common Jury will admit: And it is hereby declared, That the said Justices or Judge of the Assize [as the Case may be] shall have such and the fame Powers over the Jury and Persons summoned as are by the said Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty given over the Juries and Persons thereby authorized to be impannelled, summoned, and sworn, or as are by Law veiled in any Justice of the Peace or Judge of Assize, in any relation to Jurors or Persons summoned and appearing before them respectively, on the Trial of Civil Suits.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first-recited Part of the Act as directs and requires the said Company to make, complete, and main- ^ct/,'Vq'ial-tain a communicating Lock and Gates between the said Canal or Entrance ed.

Bason in Rownbam Meads and the Merchants Floating Dock, shall be and the fame hereby is repealed.

[Lot. b5 Per.~\

J54

The Dock Company to lower the 1 ock into the Merchant* Floating Deck.

A certain Wharf or Quay to be considered as Part of the Floating Dock.

For more effectually enabling the Society of Merchants to rewire Rates,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Bristol Dock Company, and they are hereby authorized and required, by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, and Servants, to lower the present Entrance Lock into the Floating Dock, in such Manner and to such Depth as the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of Merchant Venturers of the said City of Bristol shall require, so as not to give less than Fifteen Feet and Six Inches Water at the lead, on the Sill of the said Lock; and also to make, complete, and maintain, between the Entrance Bason in Rawnbam Mead and the said Floating Dock, good and sufficient Culverts and Pipes for draining and again filling the said Dock; and also to make, complete, and maintain, at the Eastward End of the said Entrance Bason, and near adjoining the said Floating Dock, a good and sufficient Wharf or Quay of the Length of One hundred Yards.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That such Wharf or Quay shall be deemed in every respect as Part of the Merchants Floating Dock, and shall be subject to the Controul and Management of the Floating Dock Master for the Time being; and that any Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, which under and by virtue of an Act passed in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to remove the Danger of Fire among Ships in the Port of Bristol, by preventing the landing certain Commodities on the present Quays, and for providing a convenient Quay and proper Place for landing and Jloring the same; and for regulating the said Quay, and the Lighters, Boats, and other Vessels carrying Goods for Hire, within the said Port of Bristol, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, are obliged to discharge their Cargoes, or Part thereof, at the said Floating Dock, shall and may, if the Master or Commander, Masters or Commanders of such Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, shall be thereunto required by the Master for the Time being of the said Floating Dock, discharge their Cargoes, or such Part thereof as the said Dock Master shall direct, at the said intended Wharf or Quay to be formed and laid out by the said Dock Company, at the Eastward End of the said Entrance Bason in Rownbam Mead; and all and every the Dues and Duties made payable by the said last mentioned Act, and all and singular the Powers, Provisoes, Clauses, and Conditions therein contained, shall be paid and payable, and have full force and effect in every Cafe respecting the said Wharf or Quay to be made as aforesaid, and respecting Ships and Vessels, and the Cargoes, or the Parts thereof, discharged at such Wharf, in such and the same manner, and so fully and effectually in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if such Wharf or Quay was Part of the said Merchants Floating Dock, or had been originally comprized in the said Act of the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present. Majesty, or as if all and every the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, and Provisoes, Penalties, Matters and Things contained in the said Act were herein repeated and re-enacted, as to, for, and concerning the said intended Wharf or Quay, and Vessels or Cargoes discharged or to be discharged thereat.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That for the better enabling the Master, Wardens, and Commonalty of Merchant Venturers of the said City of Bristol, to have and receive the several Rates and Duties imposed and made payable by the said Act of the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty herein mentioned, all and singular the Ship and Ships

5 which.

*55

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

which, under and by virtue of the said last mentioned Act, are obliged to discharge their Cargoes or Part thereof at the Merchants Floating Dock, and also the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes comprized in such Cargoes respectively, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Rates and Duties payable for or in respect of such Ships, Goods, Wares or Merchandizes respectively; and in case the Rates and Duties payable for or in respect of such Ships. Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes respectively, shall not be paid or discharged within Twenty Days next after a Demand in Writing, signed by the Dock Master for the Time being of the said Floating Dock, shall have been made on the Owner or Owners, Con-signee or Consignees of such Goods, Wares or Merchandizes respectively, that then and in such Case it shall be lawful to and for the said Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty of the said Society of Merchants, and their Successors, and they are hereby authorized, to advertise such Ship or Ships, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes respectively, for or in respect of which the Rates and Duties shall be in arrear and unpaid, for Sale by Auction, at a Time and Place to be specified in such Advertisement, such Time not to be less than Fourteen Days from the Insertion of the lad of the said Advertisements in the Bristol Papers, and at the Time and Place to be specified as aforesaid, unless the Rates and Duties due in respect thereof, together with all Cods incurred by the Proceeding of such Sale, shall have been in the mean Time paid off and discharged, to sell and dispose of such Ship or Vessel, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes so as aforesaid advertised to be sold, and to have, receive, and cake the Purchase Money payable in respect thereof; and the said Mader, Wardens, and Commonalty, are hereby required, after paying and discharging all Rates and Duties due in respect of the Ship or Ships, Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes respectively, to pay over the Surplus of such Purchase Money (if any) to the Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees of the said Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, Goods, Wares and Merchandizes respectively, or such other Person or Persons as shall or may be entitled to have and receive the same.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Annual Account required in the said fird recited Act to be published by the said Dock Company, shall be made up Annually to the First Day of May, and be published on or before the Fird Day of July in each Year; and shall specify, under dif-tinct Heads or Items of Account, the Amount of all Sums received on account of each of the several Rates and Duties imposed by the said recited Acts and this Act, and all other the Receipts, Profits, and Gains, received or become due to the said Dock Company, since the preceding Account, and of all Intered or Dividends paid or become payable to the Proprietors of Stock in the said Concern, for the Management and Superintendence of the said Floating Harbour, for repairing and maintaining the said Works, and of all other Particulars necessary for fully and clearly ascertaining the precise Balance or Surplus (if any) according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said recited Acts and of this Act; and that Copies of the said Annual Accounts, signed by Five or more of the Directors of the said Dock Company, shall be annually delivered to the Chamberlain of the said City of Bristol and Treasurer of the said Society of Merchants, for the Time being; and that such Accounts, when so delivered to the said Chamberlain and Treasurer of the said Society of Merchants, shall be by them respectively entered in a Book to be for that Purpose kept; and that the Account so entered and signed by the said Chamberlain, or the Treasurer

Particular! to be specified in the said Dock Company's Annual Account.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. it.

rcr of the Society of Merchants for the Time being, shall, in case of the Loss or miflaying of the Original, be as valid and of as full Force and Effect, in every RespeCL as such original Account might.or could have been in case the fame were not lo loft or miilaid.

XXXV. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Directors of the said Brijlo! Dock Company, in order to enable the said Dock Company the better to proceed with the said Works and Improvements, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money, which any Person or Persons shall or may be willing to advance and.lend, not exceeding the Sum of fifty thousand Pounds, on Security of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels, Materials, and Eilefls, belonging to the said Dock Company; and to enter into, make, and execute any Security or Securities, Morrgage or Mortgages of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Goods, Chattels and Materials; and all such Security or Securities, Mortgage or Mortgages, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXVI. And whereas it is expedient for settling all Differences which have arisen with respect thereto, and for the full Completion and perfecting of all and Angular the Works authorized and directed by the said recited Acts and this Act, that an addi ional Income shall be granted to the said Dock Company, by an Increase of and additional Rates and Duties to be levied within the City and Port of Bristol; be it therefore enabled, That from and after all the several Works required by the said recited Acts and this Act (save and except the Towing-Path authorized and required to be formed between Hanham Mills and the Engine Mills, the Alteration required to be made in the Locks at Hanham, and the Works required to be executed for the Protection of the Estates of the Duchess of Chandos and William Gore Langton Esquire,) shall be completed and finished, and such Completion shall have been proved as aforesaid, and shall have been certified by the proper Officer of the Court of Quarter beflions in and for the said City of Bristol and County of the fame City; and such Certificate shall have been inserted in the London Gazette and Two Bristol Newspapers, in Manner herein-before particularly mentioned, on or before the First Day of May One thousand tight hundred and nine, and in cale the same shall not be so completed, and certified and advertised on or before the said i irft Dajr of May One thousand eight hundred and nine, (lien from and after the Expiration of 1 hree Calendar Months after the said Works shall have been completed and finishtd, and certified and advertised as aforesaid, there shall be paid and payable to the said Dock Company, or their Collectors or Deputies, for their Use, for the several Ships and Vessels entering into the said Port of Bristol from the Places and Parts after-mentioned (except Barges or other Vessels passing or going to or from the Bath River Navigation, or Kcr.nct and Avon Canal, or reffiipping or discharging their Cargoes to be again laden, and pass or go up the said Navigation or Canal or any Part thereof, and not discharging for Safe any Part of their Cargoes at the Quays of Bristol') by the Master or Commander, Owner or Owners of such Ship or other Vessel, in lieu of the several Rates and Duties imposed and made payable b\ the said recited Acts, the several

Rates

157

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

Rates and Dudes, according to the Register Tonnage of the said Ship or Vessel, herein-after particularly described (that is to say).

For every Trow or other Vessel from Cardiff, Newport, or any other Port to the Eastward of the Holmes (except as aforesaid) under Forty Tons Burthen, Seven Shilling;* and Sixpence each per Voyage:

For every such Trow or other Vessel (except as aforesaid) of Forty Tons Burthen and under Seventy-five Tons, Twelve Shillings and Sixpence /ach per Voyage:

For every such Trow or Vessel of Seventy-five Tons, and under One hundred Tons Burthen, and (except as aforesaid) Sixteen Shillings each per Voyage: And,

For every such Trow or other Vessel from any Port to the Eastward of the Holmes, and (except as aforesaid) of One hundred Tons Burthen or upwards, One Pound and One Shilling each per Voyage:

Which Rates and Duties shall be and are hereby vested in the said Company as their own proper Monies, to and for their own Use and Behoof, to be by them applied for the Purposes of this and the said recited Acts.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the altering or varying of any Rales or Duties imposed by the said Act of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty hereinbefore recited, on Ships or Vessels from Cardiff, Newport, or any other Port to the Eastward of the Holmes, being Market Boats or being Vessels, One-Third Part of the Lading of which shall consist of Coal, Scruff, Iron, Tin, Tin-plates, Grain, Copper, Bricks, Stone, Coal, 'far, Slate, Bark, Timber, or Wood, the Rates and Duties on which Vessels are intended to and it is hereby declared shall be and remain as fixed and appointed in and by the said recited Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after such Completion of the said intended Works as aforesaid, and the Completion thereof shall have been so allowed and certified, by the Magistrates in Quarter Sessions, and advertised as aforesaid, in case the same shall be so completed, certified, and advertised, on or by the said First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nine, and in case the same shall not be then so compleated, certified, and advertised, then from and after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months after the said Works shall have been so completed, and finished, and certified and advertised as hereinbefore directed, there shall be paid and payable to the said Company, or their Collectors or Deputies, for their Use (in lieu of the Rates on Merchandize imposed by the said first recited Act) for all Goods, Wares, or Merchandises imported from Parts beyond the Seas and not brought by Inland Navigation into the Port of Bristol (except Corn, Flour, Rice, and other Articles of Provision), and also for all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, that shall be brought Coastwise into the said Port, of Foreign Growth or Importation, but not of British Growth or Manufacture, (except from Cardiff, Newport, and other Ports to the Eastward of the Holmes, and except Corn, Flour, Rice, and other Articles of Provision, and except Foreign Goods brought Coastwise, which shall not be discharged for Sale

[Lee. is1 Ptr.~\ Rr at

Rates.

Rates vefUd in the Company.

This Act not to alter the Rates imposed by 43 G. 3. on ships irom Cardiff, &c-

Rites on Goods imported according to a Schedule hereunto

annexed.

i58

Declaring by whom the Rates on F-reign Growth are t. be paid-

Court of General Sessions to re called on

Emergencies.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. t r.

at the Quays, but passing or going to or from the Bath River Navigation or Kennst and Avon Canal or any Part thereof) by the Owner or Owners Consignee or Consignees, of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or other Commodities, the several Rates and Duties particularly rated, specified, and set forth in the Schedule hereunto annexed, as far as such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, are therein particularized; and that all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, imported from Parts beyond the Seas into the Port of Bristol, and also all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, that shall be brought Coastwise into the said Port, of Foreign Growth or Importation, but not of British Growth or Manufacture ("and except as aforesaid) not particularized in the said Schedule of Rates, shall be charged and chargeable with and shall pay a Rate or Duty on being imported into the said Port of Bristol, equal to the Rate and Duty rated or aflixed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes of a similar Nature, Package and Quality, in and by the said Schedule of Rates.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Rates on Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, of Foreign Growth and Importation, brought Coastwise into the Port of Bristol (except as aforesaid) shall be paid by the Master ' or Commander, Masters or Commanders of the Ship or Vessel bringing the same, according to the Entry in the Cocket of such Ship or Vessel; and that all and every the Rate and Rates so paid on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, shall be added to and recoverable with the Freight or Freights, from Time to Time payable on such Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes respectively; and in case the Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, shall neglect or refuse to pay and discharge such Rates, upon Demand thereof made, that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Party or Parties, who shall have paid such Rates, to detain the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, for which such Rate or Rates shall have been paid as aforesaid, until the fame, and the Costs, Charges, and Expences of such Detention shall have been paid and discharged; or otherwise. at his or their Discretion to bring any Action or Actions for the Recovery of such Rates as for Money paid and advanced to the Ul'e of such Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees.

XL. And whereas considerable Time may intervene between the Completion of the several Works required to be done by the Bristol Dock Company under the said recited Acts and this Act, and ihe next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, or an Adjournment thereof being holden in and for the City and County of the City of Bristol; it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor and any Two Aldermen, or any Three Aldermen, whereof Two of the Five Senior Aldermen to be Two, of the said City of Bristol, and he and they is and are hereby required, upon Application to him or them made by or onBehalfof the Bristol Dock Company, to assemble a Court of General Sessions in the G uildhall of the said City of Bristol, or wherever the General Quarter Sessions shall be then held, One Week’s Notice having been previously given by Writing under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, expressing the Business of such Sessions, which Notice shall be affixed at the Council House of the said City, for the Purpose of enquiring into and certifying the Matters referred to that Court in and by the said recited Acts and this Act.

5

4-S® GEORGII III. Caf.11. J5c

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Power to for the Directors of the said Dock Company, by and with the Consent and lc‘en Rate>' Approbation of the Justices of the Peace in and for the City of Bristol and County of the fame City, in Sessions a (Tern bled, to be testified by an Order of the said Sessions, to Ieffen any or either of the said Rates and Duties payable for or chargeable on any Article or Articles imported into the said Port of Bristol, and again to alter and increase the Rate or Rates on such Article or Articles; so nevertheless that the same shall not in any Case exceed the Rate or Rates on such respective Articles hereby or by the said recited Acts made payable.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Pow- cianfes re-ers, and Provisions, relative to the Determination of Disputes, the Manner t^if'

«f recovering, and all other the Clauses respecting the Rates or Duties im- Conner Arts posed and made payable by the said Act herein-before first recited, shall be c*""ded to in full Force and Effect respecting the Rates and Duties hereby iroposed, 1 ls Au and that as fully and effectually as if such Clauses were herein repeated and re-enacted.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to discharge the Dock Company from butchefs of making or completing the several Works authorized and required by the chandosand said recited Acts, or either of them, to be made and executed for protest- ton". Eft*"8" ing the Estates of the Dutchess of Chandos and William Gore Langton,

Esquire.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers and Powers of the Provisions, Penalties and Clauses, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things contained in the said recited Acts or either of them, applicable to this Act, this, etc. except such Part or Parts thereof as is or are hereby altered, varied, or repealed, shall, from the passing of this Act, extend to and be executed as well for the Intents and Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this present Act, and that as fully and effectually as if such Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Matters and Things were repeated and again enacted in the Body of this Act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That all Charges and Expences inci- Expenses of dent to the obtaining or passing of this Act, shall be paid out of the Monies th?Act to be received by the Bristol Dock Company, in preference to all other Payments pa' whatsoever.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Act declared taken as a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by a rubl,tk Act. all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

j.

I

SCHEDULE

48° GEORGII III. Cap. i r

SCHEDULE

Of RATES and DUTIES on Goods and Merchandize imported into the Port of Bristol, imposed by the foregoing Ad.

ANCHOVIES per ioo lbs. £ O s. I d. o

Almonds per cwt. . 0 o 6

Argol per cwt. - o o I

Annatto ... per cwt. . o I ©

Anniseeds per cwt. o o 2

Bridles ... per dozen lbs. . o o °i

Burr Stones per ioo o o 3

Barrilla ... per ton 0 I 6

Brimdone ... per ton o I 6

Cyder ... per tun o I o

Carraway Seeds per cwt. o 0 2

Coriander Seeds per cwt. 0 o 2

Clover Seed y - per cwt. o 0 3

Cochineal. per too lbs. 0 5 o

Capers per too lbs. o I o

Calves Velves per cwt. o o 6

Cod Fish per ton o 1 0

Copper ... per cwt. o o 3

Copper Ore per ton 0 o 8

Cork per cwt. o o 3

Currants - - per cwt. o o 2

Coffee and Cocoa per ton o 3 o

Cotton ... per bale o I o

Cotton ... per pocket o o 6

DRUGS: Aloes ... per iaolbs. 0 o

Cream of Tartar per cwt. 0 0 2

Cassia Fiftula per cwt. o o 3

Cortex Peruvianus per cwt. 0 o 6

Castor Oil per ioolbs. o I 6

Gum Senegal per ioolbs. o o 3

Gum Arabic per cwt. o 0 i

Gum Copal per 1 oo lbs. o 1 6

Gum Guiacum per ioo lbs. o o 3

Guinea Grain per ioo lbs. o I o

Galbanum - - per cwt. o c 6

Manna per ioolbs. 0 0 3

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 11 i

iCt

Oleum Palmae OrcheLia

Radix Serpentaria Sassafras Sarsaparilla Sacharum Satnrni Turmeric Valonia ..Verdigrease Vermicelli

Elephants Teeth

Figs -

Flax or Linseed Feathers

Flint Stones -

Fish Oil -

Flax

Glue Gin and Brandy Ginger . . w

Piemento -

Horns -

Hides »

Hemp I

Juniper Berries

Indigo

Junk and Rags Iron, old broken Iron

Kelp

Liqudtrice -

Long Steel

Lard -

Lead Ore

Linen (in transitu)

Linen (not in transitu)

Lemons and Oranges Lemons and Oranges

Madder ... Marble Matts

Molasses -:

Natron Nuts Oil Olive Oil Turpentine

[Lie. & Per.2 S t

£ Si d.

per cwt. - - O o 3

per cwt. O o 2

per cwt. - o o 6

per cwt. - o o 2

per i oo lbs. - 0 1 6

per cwt. - o 0 3

per cwt. - 0 o 2

per cwt. - o o X

per cwt - o o 9

per cwt o o /J 9

per cwt. 0 X 0

per cwt. o o 2

per quarter o o I

per cwt. o X o

per ton A 0 o 6

per ton - 0 I 6

per cwt* o o 3

per cwt. o 0 2

per puncheon - o 2 6

per cwt* o o 2

per loo lbs. o o 2

per i,coo 0 0 6

per score o I o

per cwt. o o 2

per cwt. o 0 °i

per ioo lbs. - o 5 O

per ton o o 6

per ton o o 6

per ton 0 I o

per ton o o 6

per cwt. o 0 3

per cwt. o o 2

per ton - o I 6

per ton o I o

per pack or box o I 6

per pack or box o 3 6

per chest © o 2

per box 0 o I

per cwt. o o 2

per ton o I 6

per ioo ° o 3

per ton o 1 6

per ton o I o

per bushel o o l

per ton - o 3 o

per ioo lbs. o o 2

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 11

162

Prunes - per cwt. £ O s. 0 d. 2

Plaister of Paris per ton O I 6

Pumice Stone per ton O I 6

Pitch, Tar, and Rosin per barrel O 0 2

Pot and Pearl Allies per cwt. O 0 2

Quills - - per 1000 0 0 of

Raisins - - per cwt. O 0 3

Raisins ... per box or jar O 0 1

Raisins - - . per balket O 0 2

Raisins - - , per frail O 0 4

Rum - - per puncheon O I 6

Rum - per hogshead O 0 9

SKINS.

Calf Skins per dozen O 0 °i

Deer Skins - per dozen 0 0 6

Kid - per dozen O 0 1

Lamb Skins - per Bozen O 0 °i

Seal Skins ... per 100 O I 6

Shumac - per cwt. O 0 i

Smalts - per cwt. O 0 3

Sallad Oil' - per Gallon 0 0 1

Sugar - - per ton 0 3 0

Tarras ... per quarter 0 0 0 4

Tallow per ton 0 2 0

Tobacco - per hhd. 0 2 6

Turpentine - per barrel 0 0 2

TIMBER.

Deals and Deck Planks per 120 0 2 6

Pine Planks and Boards per 120 0 I 0

Deal Ends per 120 0 I 6

Deals exceeding 20 feet per 120 0 5 0

Battens above 20 feet per 120 0 I 6

Battens under 20 feet per 120 0 I 0

Lathwood per fathom 0 <5 4

Marts, 6 to 8 inches diameter - - 0 0 6

Marts, 8 to 12 inches diameter - - 0 I 0

Marts, 12 inches and upwards - - 0 2 6

Parting Boards per 120 0 0 6

Spars 22 feet and upwards per 120 - 0 3 0

Spars under 22 feet per 120 0 I 0

Users 24 feet long per 120 0 3 0

Users under 24 feet long per 120 0 1 6

Oars and Oar Rafters per 120 0 2 0

Rockers, Boat hooks and locks per dozen 0 0 1

Handspikes , per 12o 0 1 j

48° GEORGII III. Cap.ti.

Oak Timber Oak Plank

Oak Boards

Oak Boards

Wainfeot Logs Wainfeot Logs 14 feet long Wain foot Logs 7 feet long Wainfeot Boards

per load & O s. 1 d. 6

per load - O 1 6

sper 120, 15 I long feet O 3 0

f under 15 feet long O 2 0

per 120 per load O 2 0

per load . O 0 6

per load . O 0 3

per 100 feet O 0 3

STAVES.

Hambro’ and Dantzic Pipe . per 120 of co Inches 0

Hogshead and Barrel - per 120 . 0

Quebec Pipe exceeding 50 Inches - per 120 w 0

Hogshead and Barrel not exceeding 50 Inches - j>per 120 - 0

American Pipe, exceeding to Inches per 120 . 0

Ditto Hogshead and Barrel, under

50 Inches > per 120 0

Fir Timber - per load - 0

Wax per cwt. 0

Whale Fins per cwt. 0

Wine L per pipe or butt . 0

Wine per hhd. . 0

Wool Spanish per bag or pack . 0

Wool, Scotch - per ditto - 0

WOODS.

Red Wood per ton 0

Cam Wood per ton 0

Brazil per ton 0

Niccaragua per ton 0

Mahogany per ton 0

Cedar per ton 0

Logwood, Fultic, Ebony, \

Lignum Vitx - j

Yarn, Bay per pack . 0

Yarn, Linen per pack - ' 0

All Goods not particularly rated, to pay the same as Goods of the like Value and Package

o 8 o 6 o 6

0 3 o 2 o 1

0 8

1£gU

1 o

0 2

3

1 6

2 6

l O

2 O

4 o 4 o 2 6

I o I o

i 6

o 2 0 3

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 180S.

I ' , IO j‘.

021 C - CSf

f I. "

K C-"‘ *' - V ? fc r 4

jsSX. < L -

fy, - - I ci

- ;r . ' m» *.♦{».is-1! *«H‘r r

lit. iT uT

xlY/

V -

J i } -

- ‘ 3.1! jf

’ :n-q2 Ioo7/ c >30^2 ,looW

.6000?/

ii

1T. j I: IT 4;

II. I -

r j

r.-.vr

Ito v iifri) ii'-K'lU

J

KDJ TK7

f ,^0£*f3 < fti

h: J S: j ’ j;:: . , ’ 11 , J

,' ' - . j aV . j; i :t t

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*»*lHt»i* T* ;i;*»*'*

Cap. 12.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Patish of Eafington, in the North Riding of the County of York.

[21st March 1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the Manor and Parish of Eafington, in the North Riding of the Coifnty of York, a certain Moor or Common called Eafington High Moor, containing by Estimation Five hundred and seventy Acres or thereabouts; and another Moor or Common called Eafington Low Moor, containing by Estimation One hundred and seventy-eight Acres or thereabouts: And whereas Robert Wharton Myddleton Esquire, is Lord of the Manor of Eafington aforesaid, and as such is seised of the Soil of the said Two Moors or Commons called Eafington High Moor and Eafington Low Moor, and to the Mines and Minerals within and under the fame respectively: And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his Crown, is Patron of the Rectory of Eafington: And whereas the Right Honourable ‘Thomas Lord Dundas, the Lid Robert JVharton Myddleton, William Ward Jackson Esquire, the Reverend Matthew Mapletoft, and several other Persons, are or claim to be entitled to Rights of Common upon the said Moors or Commons, or one of them, as appendant, appurtenant, or belonging to their several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements respectively within the said Parish of Eafington 1 And whereas the Proprietors of the [Loc. is? Per.'] l't ‘ said

x66

C- mmidoner appointed.

Power to appoint another Commiiiontr.

Allowance to the Commissioner;

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

said Two Moors or Commons called Eafington High Moor and Eafingfori Low Moor, respectively, are desirous that the fame shall be respectively divided and inclosed, so as that specific Shares thereof may be allotted to them respectively, according to their several Rights and Interests in the fame Moors or Commons respectively: But such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, connot be established without the Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adviceand Con lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, that John Humphries, of Ripon in the County of York, Gentleman, and his Successors to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and he and they are hereby appointed Commissioner and Commissioners for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Two Moors or Commons called Eafington High Moor and Eafington Low Moor, and for putting this Act into Execution pursuant to the Powers, Regulations, and Directions herein-after contained, and to such of the Powers, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Forty-fir fi Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One AH certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the passing of such Acts, as are not conlrouled by or repugnant to any of the Clauses, Provisions, or Regulations contained in this Act; and that the Notices by the said Act required to be given in some publick Newspaper of setting out publick Carriage Roads, and of reading and executing the Award of the Commissioner, shall be published in the Newspaper called the York Herald, or if that Newspaper shall not then be published, in some other Newspaper printed at the City of York.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said John Humphries shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby in him vetted, die, decline, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting, it shall be lawful for the said Robert Wharton Myddleton, or the Lord of the Manor of Eafington for the Time being, or his known Agent or Attorney, by Writing under his Hand, and the Majority in Value of the Proprietors and Persons having Right of Common upon the said Moors or Commons respectively, or their known Agents or Attornies, who shall be present at a publick Meeting to be held for this Purpose at Scaling Dam in the Parish of Eafington aforesaid (in pursuance of a Notice to be given in Writing for that Purpose, and to be affixed upon the outer Door of the Church of Eafington aforesaid, at leall Fourteen Days before such Meeting) by Writing under their Hands to nominate and appoint a proper Person, not interested in the said Division and Inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the Room of the said John Humphries for executing the Powers and Authorities of this Act; and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner so to be appointed shall die, decline, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting.

III. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money which shall arise for defraying the Expences of executing this Act, there shall be paid to the Commissioner acting in the Execution thereof, as a Recompence for his Pains and Trouble, the Sum of Two Guineas for each and every Day he shall be employed in travelling to, returning from, and attending in the Execution of this Act, and no more; and that at all the Meetings to be

167

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

held in pursuance of this Act, such Commissioner shall also, out of such Allowance, defray his travelling and all other Expences.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyorwho shall be employed and the in the Execution of this Act shall, upon all and every his Attendances and iui Vc>°‘* st all Times, pay and bear his own Expences; and that the Surveys or Ad-measurements, including all necessary Resurveys, and all Plans, shall be

paid for at and after the Rate of Sixpence per Acre, for each and every Acre of the Land which shall be surveyed, admeasured and planned in pursuance of this Act; and in case of the Death of any fuel) Surveyor before such Surveys, Admeasurements, and Plans shall be finished, then and in every such Case the Executors or Adniinstrators of every such Surveyor so dying shall be paid after the Rate of Three Pence per Acre for each and every Acre which shall have been so surveyed and measured in his Lifetime.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Inclcfures and Encroachments Encroach-which have been taken or made from any Part or Parts of the said Two m<"nts-Moors or Commons called Eafington High Moor and Eafington Lviv Moor,

or either of them (save such as have been enjoyed peaceably and quietly for Thirty Years la ft past or upwirds, without any Interruption given) shall be deemed Part or Parcel of the said Moors or Commons respectively from which such Inclosures or Encroachments shall have been made or taken.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioner for the Time Reguhtion being shall cause Notice to be given in the Church of Eafington aforesaid,

on some Sunday immediately after Divine Service, or otherwise in Writing sittings, to be affixed on the principal outer Door of the fttid Church, of the Time and Place of his first and every other Sitting for the Execution of this Act, at least Eight Days before every such Sitting shall be held (Sittings by Adjournment only exceptedj; and that the Commissioner for the Time being shall and may adjourn any such Sitting from Time to Time, as he shall see Occasion for the further Execution of this Act: Provided always, that all the Commissioners Sittings shall be held within the Parish of Eafington aforesaid, or within the Distance of Eight Miles therefrom.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Proprietors or Persons interested in any of the Lands intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, concerning the respective Rights and Interests which they or any of them claim to have in or upon, or ip any Manner respecting or relating to the fame Lands, or any or either of them, it shall be lawful for the Commissioner to hear, adjudge, and determine the fame; provided that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioner to determine the Title to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever; provided also, that if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Party or Parties making any Claim in pursuance of this Act, or the Person or Persons objecting thereto, shall be dissatisfied'with the Determination of the Commissioner, and shall by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or the

6 Hand

C omm:ffioner to determine disputed Claims.

P'-rfon< dtCa-tisfied with the Commit!i-oner’s LVtcr-mination, may try their Rights at Law.

168

Allotment for Peat.

Allotment of the Residue of of the Moors.

48° GEORGII III; Cap. 17.

lland or Hands of his, her, or their known Agent respectively, signify1 the same to the said Commissioner within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination shall be made, in such Case, but not Other wife, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied witii such Determination, to have the Subject of such Claim or Objection, in respect of which such Determination shall be made, tried at Law by an Action to be brought by him, her, or them, against any Person or Persons in whose Favour any Determination shall have been so made, upon a feigned I line, to be settled by the proper Officers of the Court where such Action shall be brought, in case the Parties differ about the fame, such Action to be brought within Three Calendar Months next after any such Determination shall have been made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action shall and is and are hereby required to appear to such Action, accept a Declaration, and plead to Issue; and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall thereupon proceed in such Action so as to have the fame tried and determined at the First or Second Assizes to be holden for the County of York next after the Commencement of such Action; and the Verdict of the Jury on such Trial shall be binding, final, and conclusive upon all the Parties interested therein, unless the Court wherein such Action shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, and also, upon sufficient Cause shewn to put off the Trial of such Action, as is usual in other Cafes; and that, after such Verdict obtained and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined: Provided always, that all such Determinations of the said Commissioner as shall not be objected to by such Notice, to be given to the said Commissioner as aforesaid, or being so objected to, and the dissatisfied Parties respectively not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be absolutely binding, final, and conclusive.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby directed, in the first place, to set out and appoint any Quantity of Land, not exceeding Five Acres, of and from the said Moor or Common called Eafington High Moor, for the Use of the Proprietors and Occupiers for the Time being of Messuages or other Buildings, in respect whereof any Allotments of the said Moor or Common called Eafington High Moor, shall be made in pursuance of this Act, or which (half be erected and built upon any such Allotment or Allotments, for the digging, cutting, and curing of Peats; all which Peats shall be used for Fuel in and upon the Messuages or other Buildings to be erected upon the said respective Allotments, or in or upon the several Messuages or other Buildings in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, but not for Sale, or any other Purpose whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, Thar the Commissioner for the Time being shall and he is hereby authorized and required, after deducting so much of the said Moor or Common called Eafington High Moor, as shall be set out and appointed for getting Peat as aforesaid, and after deducting so much of the Residue of the said Two Moors or Commons called Eafington High Moor and Eafington Low Moor, as shall be set out for public Highways,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 12, 169

ways, Roads, and Drains, and for a Common Quarry or Quarries, by virtue of the said Aft of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, or of this Act, to fetout. allot, and appoint, unto and for the said RobertWhar-lon Myddlelon, his Iieirs and Assign;, as a Compensation for the Soil of the said Moors or Commons, as Lord of the said Manor of Eafington, One full Sixteenth Part (Quantity and Quality con(idered) of all the Residue of the said Moors or Commons, over and above and exclusive of such Share or Allotment of the said Moors or Commons as is herein-after directed to be allotted to him, in lieu of and as an Equivalent for his Right of Common thereon; and the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby authorized and required to fetout, allot, apportion, and divide all the Residue of the said Moors or Commons hereby authorized to be divided or allotted, unto and amongst the said Robert Wharton Myddleton and the several other Persons having R ight of Common thereon in proportion and according to the Real Annual Value of their respective commonable Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Allotments to to

be set out by virtue of this Act in respect of any Property under Lease at tTthe r Rack Rent, shall be allotted to the respective Lessors or Landlords, and rest'ees for the shall be held or enjoyed by them free from all Righrsand Interests of their of VheiTlnte?" respective Lessees or Tenants; and such respective Lessors or Landlords, their rdts.

Heirs and Assigns, or the Persons seizedof their Estates for the Time being,

shall make such Abatement out of the Rents referred by such Leases respectively, or such other Compensation or Satsifaction on account of the Determination of the Common Right comprised therein, as the said Commissioner shall adjudge rcafbnable, and shall by Writing under his Hand ascertain, direct, or appoint.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person Proprietors

or Persons who shall be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments under or ^tg^cl,r by virtue of this Act, to give, grant, bargain, fell, demise, mortgage, their Allot-limit, convey, assure, and dispose of the fame, for all or any Part of his, ft

her, or their Estate or Interest therein or Right thereto, at any Time of the Award before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner; and every *"rth,hl^ such Gift, Grant, Bargain, Sale, Demise, Mortgage, Limitation, and common fc-Dispofuion thereof, aswell by Will as any other Conveyance and Assurance, pwate »Km shall be of the fame Force and Validity as if made after the Execution of the said Award; also, that it shall be lawful for any of the Owners or '

Proprietors of any Common Rights upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, to sell and dispose of the fame, or of the Allotment or Allotments to be made and set out in respect thereof by virtue of this Act, separate and dilfir.ft from the Ellate in Right of which they, he, or (he are or is entitled to the faille, in the same Manner as they, he, or ihe might have done at any Time after the Execution of the said Award; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and empowered,‘to awrard all and every such Allotment or Allotments which shall be so sold or disposed of, or to be made and set out in lieu of any Common Right so sold or disposed of, to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or other Person or Persons who shall be entitled to the fame by virtue of any such Sale or Disposition.

\Loc. b5 Per.2 LT

170

Land may be deduced from Allotments in lieu of and equivalent ro the Expences.

A waul to be deposited.

Proprietors of (mail Allotment may give up the fame for a Sum of Money.

4.8* GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if shall be lawful for the said Coni' missioner, and he is hereby required upon Application made to him for that Purpose by the Person or Persons whose Consent is next hereinaftei required, to deduct from any Allotment or Allotments to be let out by-virtue of this Act, so much Land, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioner shall be equivalent to the Part or Proportion of the Expences of passing this Act, and of the Execution thereof by the said Commissioner, and also the Ixpences ofinclosing, hedging, ditching, and fencing, which ought to be paid in respect of such Allotment or Allotments; and the Land so deducted shall be allotted to or amongst the Proprietor or Proprietors, who shall pay the fame Expences, in proportion to the Sums they shall respectively pay or contribute thereto, but under the Restriction, however, that no such Deduction shall be made by the said Commissioner without the previous Consent in Writing of the respective Proprietors or Persons seized or entitled inPofiefiion for Life, or any Term of Years determinable on Lives, or for any greater Estate of or to such Allotment or Allotments, or of the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies of any such Proprietors being Femes Covert, Infants, Lunaticks, beyond the Seas, or under any other legal Disability or Incapacity of acting for themselves.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioner pursuant to the Directions of the said Act of the Forty-full Year of his present Majesty and this Act, shall be inrolled in the Register Office for the said North Riding of the County of York, within Six Calendar Months after the Execution thereof, or so soon afterwards as conveniently may be; and the said original Award, and such Plans and Surveys as may be annexed thereto, shall afterwards be deposited in the Parish Church of Eafington a fore said, to the End that Recourse may be had thereto, and the fame be inspected, at all seasonable Times, by or on the Behalf of any Person interested, and upon reasonable Notice given thereof by the Person requiring such Inspection.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons entitled to an Allotment or Allotments, of the said Two Moors or Commons called Eafington High Moor and Eafington Low Moor, or either of them, shall, by any Writing under their respective Hands, or the Hands of their respective Attornies, Stewards, or Agents, to be delivered to the said Commissioner, at his First, Second, or Third Sitting, or at a special Sitting to be held for that Purpose by the said Commifjjoner, previous to the setting out of Allotments, express a Desire to give up his, her, or their Right or Title to any Allotment or Allotments for a Valuable Consideration in Money, then and in such Case, he, she, or ihey shall have such pecuniary Compensation paid to him, her, or them in lieu thereof, as shall be ascertained by the said Commissioner to be a full Equivalent, provided the Amount of the Sum so to be ascertained and paid as aforesaid flail not in any Case exceed Twenty Pounds; and in all Cafes where pecuniary Payment shall be made in lieu of such small Allotments as aforesaid, the fame Allotments shall be divided among the other Owners of Allotments, according to their Several Proportions on the respective Moors or Commons on which’such Right or Title shall be given up; and the Sums payable in lieu of such Allotments, shall be paid by the Commissioner out of the respective Monies to be raised for carrying this Act into Execution.

2

4-8a GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Lease or LeafeS to be granted by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, by the Rector of the said Parish of Eastngion or his Successors, of any I.ands or Grounds to be allotted to him or them by virtue of this Act, in Right of the Rectory of Eofmgton aforesaid, Until be good, valid, or effectual, without the Consent of the King’s most Excellent Majesty as Patron of the said Rectory first had and obtained thereto.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, during the Space of Ten Years from the Execution of the Award of the said Coin-missioner, keep or departure, or perrhit to be kept or dcpaftured, any Sheep, Lambs, Horses, Mules, or All'es in the Roads or Lanes to be set out by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, or in any of the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act, unless he, she, or they shall firrt: effectually fence and guard the adjoining Allotment or Allotments belonging to any other Proprietor or Proprietors, from any Injury or Damage to their Quicksets or new planted Fences, every Person io offending, upon Conviction thereof before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said North Riding of the County of Tirk, on the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Cath the said Justices or any One of them are or is hereby authorised to administer) shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to revoke, alter, or make Void any Settlement, Deed, Will or Lease whatsoever, or to prejudice any Person or Persons whomsoever having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Rent, Service, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance of, in, out of, or upon or affecting any of the Messuagea, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in respect whereof any Allotment of the said Moors or Commons, or either of them, shall be made by virtue of this Act, but that the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be assigned or allotted upon the said Division to the several Proprietors respectively, shall, immediately after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner, be verted in and remain, continue and enure to, and be held and enjoyed by the several Persons to whom the same shall be assigned. or allotted to, for, and upon such and the fame Ujfes, Estates, interests, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and under and subject to the fame Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, Conditions, Covenants, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances, and Provisions of every Kind, and in the same Manner as the several Hereditaments in respect whereof the same shall be respectively assigned or allotted would have flood severally limited or settled to, or subject or liable to, if this Act had not parted.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Proprietors or PAns interested in the Execution of this Act, or any other Person or PSfons on the Behalf of them or any of them, shall advance and pay any Money in difpharre of the Fees and other Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, the Monies so paid and advanced shall be repaid and faiis* fled by the Direction of the said Commissioner, together with lawful Interest for the fame, out of the firrt; or any other Monies that shall or may be raised for the Purposes of this Act.

17 i

Lease: by the Restor not to lie valid with out the King's; Consent.

To prevent

Damage to young Fences.

Allotments to go to the former Uses.

Money advanced for the Act to be repaid with Interest.

172

Expences of parfing and executing the Ad.

Commissioner to account.

Hew Notices are to be given-

48° GEO RQ11 III. Cap. 12.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Coils and Charges of and in- cident to the obtaining and passing of this Act, of Purveying, admeasuring, planning, dividing, and allotting the Lands intended to be hereby divided and inclosed, and of making Highways or Roads, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the said Commissioner, and all other Expences attending the Execution of this Act, shall be borne and defrayed by the several and respective Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments 0: the said Two Moors or Commons, or either of them, shall be respectively made, in proportion to the real Value of their respective Allotments to be settled and ascertained by the said Co mmi(Loner; and the several and respective Shares and Proportions of all such Fees, Payments. Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, shall be payable and paid by such Owners and Proprietors respectively to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times, as shall by the said Commissioner, either before or after the Execution of his Award, be ordered, directed, and appointed in Writing under his Hand Twenty Days before the Time appointed for such Payment.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to keep or cause to be kept a just and true Statement and Account, of all Sums of Money which shall be raised or received, and laid out or expended, by him or his Order* or for his Use, under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, and what shall be due and owing to him for his own Trouble or Expences, and shall truly and regularly enter all the Particulars of such Statements and Accounts in a Book to be provided for that Purpose; and such Accounts shall, at least Once in every Year from the passing of this Act, till such Accounts shall be finally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, be examined and settled by Christopher Richardson, of Whithy, in the said North Riding. Esquire, who is hereby appointed Auditor for that Purpose, and in case of his Death or Refusal to act, by such other fit and proper Person, as shall be appointed Auditor in his Stead by the Majority in Value of the said Proprietors, at a Meeting to be holden in like Manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to the Meeting of the said Proprietors, for the Purpose of appointing a CommiiLoner in the Place of the said John Humphries; and such Auditor for the Time being shall from Time to Time (late, in Writing under his Hand, the Balance of the said Accounts in such Book as aforesaid; and that no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed by such Auditor; and also that such Book of Account shall be kept at the Office of the Clerk of the said Commissioner, and shall be open to the Inspection of any of the said Proprietors or their Agents, at all seasonable Times during the Progress of the said Division and Inclosure,' and until the said Accounts shall have been finally settled and allowed j and in Case the said Commissioner or his Clerk shall ref use or neglect: so to do, the CommiiLoner and Clerk respectively so refusing or uegjpfting shall, for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay to any Pabn who shall sue for the lame, the Sum of Ten Pounds, tube recovered in 3*y of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt oron the Cafe.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Notices necessary and requisite to be given by the said Commissioner in pursuance of the

173

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

(he said Act or this Act (except such as are otherwise particularly directed by this Act) shall be given by Advertisement in the York Herald if then published, if not, then in some other Newspaper or Newspapers printed in the City of York.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, or of this Act (other than and except such Claims, Objections, Matters, and Things as are by the said Act or this Act authorized to be ascertained, tried, settled, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, or where by any of the Provisions of the said Act or this Act, the Determinations, Acts, or Proceedings of the said Commissioner are directed to be final and conclusive) then and in every such Case, he, Vfhe, or they may appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the North Riding of the County of York, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioner and to the Party or Parties concerned. Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal; in which Notice shall be distinctly fiated and specified the Ground or Grounds, Cause or causes of such Appeal; and the Justices not interested therein, at such General Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Costs and Damages, as to them shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elfwhere; and in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices, to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XXIV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Adminstrators (other than and except the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being, touching his Right to the Soil of the said Moors or Commons hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and all other Persons entitled to any Right of Common in or upon the said Moors or Commons, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and A dmin-

Kors respectively, and the Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate and Col-ite, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administra-, who shall make any Claim or Claims of Right of Common, or of any other Estate, Right, or Interest upon, into, or out of the said Moors or Commons, or either of them, w'hich shall be adjudged and determined against him, her, or them as aforesaid) all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, as he, they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed, of, in, to, [.Loc. ft? Per. j ’ X or

Appeal to the

Quarter Sef-vons.

General Saving.

174-

4S' GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

or out of the said Moors or Commons hereby respectively directed to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed if tins Ad had not been made.

by°the s

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Pointer. " Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printer* to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 13.

An Act for amending and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining the Barnsley Canal Navigation, and certain Railways and other Roads to communicate therewith; and for increasing the Rates, Tolls, and Duties thereby granted.

[28th March J808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making 33 G. 3. and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Calder, in the Township of Warrafield cum Heath, to or near the Town of Bamfley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, in the Township of Hawthorne in the West Riding of the County of York, and certain Railways and other Roads to communicate therewith, whereby the several Persons therein named, and such other Persons as should thereafter become port'efled of One or more Share or Shares in the said Canal, their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, were incorporated by the Name and Style of The Company of Proprietors of the Barnsley Canal Navigation, and are authorized to make, complete, and maintain a Canal, navigable and pa (Table for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, from the River Calder, in the Township of Warmfield cum Heath, to or near the Town of Barnsley, and from thence to Barnby Bridge, in the 1 ownship of Cawthome in the Wert;

Riding of the said County of York; and also to make and lay divers Railways or other Roads, or both, to communicate with the said Canal in Rich, Course and Direction as in the said Act, and in certain Maps, Plans, and Books of Referenced, certified determined by the Right Honourable the Sheaker [Loc. & Per;} Ty of

178

Power to

raise 43,2001»

If 43,2Col.

ii;sufficient, to raise 10,000l. by Mortgage.

4.8° GEORGII lit. Cap. 13.

of the House of Commons, or made ifider the Authority of the said Act, and severally deposit'ed, One with the Clerk of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York, and the other with the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, are directed; and the said Company were thereby authorized to raise and contribute amongst themselves a competent Sutn of Money for making and completing the said Canal and other Works authorized to be made by the said Act, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Seventy-two thousand Pounds (except as therein-after is mentioned); and in case the said Sum of Seventy-two thousand Pounds should be found insufficient for making, completing, and maintaining the said Canal, Railways, and other Works thereby authorized to,be made, the said Company were also enabled to raise and contribute among themselves, ’ in the Manner in the said Act mentioned, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the said Navigation, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors, in pursuance of the Powers contained in the said recited Act, have raised by voluntary Contribution among themselves the Whole of the Sum of Seventy-two thousand Pounds, and also the further Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds or thereabouts, by Loans at Interest, from certain of the Proprietors of the said Canal, the Whole of which said Sum of Ninety-seven thousand Pounds has been expended in the Prosecution and Furtherance of the Works of the said Canal Navigation; and the said Company have also incurred sundry Debts in the Prosecution of the said Undertaking: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have made and completed the said Canal, and some of the Works relating thereto, but the Railroads or other Roads to communicate therewith are not yet made, by reason whereof the said Canal is of less publick Utility than it otherwise would be; and in order to enable them to finish the fame, and other Works of the said Canal, and to discharge the Debts by them contrafted, and to maintain and provide for the general Purposes of the said Undertaking, a considerable Sum of Money more than they have yet raised will be required, and which cannot n'ow be borrowed on Mortgage without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And whereas the said recited Act hath in other Respects been found defective, and the Powers and Provisions thereof require to be in some Respects altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raise the Sum of Forty-three thousand and two hundred Pounds, for discharging all and every Debt and Debts, Sum and Sums of Money, which are or shall become owing or payable from or by the said Company, and for nnishing, completing, and maintaining the said Canal and Railways, and other Works, and particularly: the Railway or other Road from the said Canal near Barnby Bridge to or near Norcroft Bridge, and from thence towards Silkjhn Cro/s, by the said recited Act authorized' to be made and done; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding. 10

II. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Sum of Forty-three thousand and two hundred Pounds, being Sixty Pounds per Share, herein-.

1 v , before

48° GEORGII flfc Cap. r# 17c

before authorized to be raised, fha.il be found insufficient for making, completing, and maintaining the said Canal, Reservoirs, Feeders, Ways, Quays,

Wharfs, and other Works by the said recited Act authorized to be made, and for defraying all necessary Expences and Charges relating thereto, then and in such Case the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to borrow and take up at Interest on Mortgage any further or other Sum of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, on the Credit of the said Navigation and Undertaking, and to assign the Property of the said Navigation, and the Rates arifrng or to arise to the said Compaqy by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, or any Part thereof, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed as aforesaid, with Interest, to such Person or Persons, or to his, her, or their Trustees, who shall be willing to advance the fame; all which Alignments shall be made under the Common Seal of the said Company, in the Form or to the Effect prescribed and set forth in the said recited Act; and all and every Person and Persons to whom such Alignment of Alignments shall be made* shall be equally entitled to his, her, or their Proportion of the said Rates, Canal, and Premises, according to such respective Sums in such Alignment mentioned to be advanced, without any Preference by reason of the Priority of the Date of such Alignment, or on any other Account whatsoever; and the Money so to be borrwed is hereby directed and appointed to be laid out and applied for and towards the making, completing, and maintaining the said Canal and other Works by the said recited Act authorized to be made, and for the other Purposes of the said Act, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of Forty-three thou- Prescribing sand and two hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, shall and may be thy Mode of raised by the said Company of Proprietors, by railing, paying, and con- raiij^jlle tributing among themselves proportionably and rateably in respect of their 45,200 " several Shares in the said Navigation} and that it shall be lawful for the said Company, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any General or Special Assembly to be held and convened in the Manner and agreeably to the Directions contained in the said recited Act, or for their Committee for the Time being, to make any Call or Calls for Money from the Proprietor or Proprietors of a Share or Shares in the said Canal Navigation, in order to raise the said Sum of Forty-three thousand and two hundred Pounds, in the Manner and subject to the Regulations herein-after mentioned; which Money so to be called for shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as the said General or Special Assembly or Committee shall direct and appoint; and all and every the Owner and Owners of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall pay his, her, and their Share and Shares, or Proportion of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, at,such Time and Place, and in such Manner as shall be appointed as aforesaid, and of which Time and Place Thirty Days Notice shall be given, by publishing the fame in some Two Newspapers usually or then circulating in the Country through which the said Canal passes, or in such other Manner as the said Company shall at any General or Special Assembly direct or appoint; and such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be paid in respect of every Share in the said Undertaking, shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be consolidated with every such Share, and shall entitle the respective Owners thereof to a propur-$ tionably

i8o 4.I. GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

tionably hicreased Share of the Profits and Advantages of the said Undertaking; and every Share in the said Undertaking shall, for all Purposes whatsoever, he considered as so much Stock in the said Undertaking as shall from Time to Time be the Quotient arising from a Division of the whole Money which hath been or shall be raised under and by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, by the whole Number of Shares in the said Undertaking; and all Executors and Administrators shall be and are hereby empowered to pay their respective Proportions of the said Money, to be called for as aforesaid in respect of the Share or Shares of their Tedators and Inrestates respectively, and charge the same to the Accounts of such Persons Estates and Effects.

Mamier of iv. And, for the better enforcing the Payment of such Calls, be it Piyment of fur!htr enacted, That if any Person or Persons upon whom any Call or Calls. Calls for Money shall or may hereafter be made, under or by virtue of

this Act, for or in respect of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and who shall not have given Notice in the Manner in this Act directed of his, her, or their Intention of relinquishing any such Share or Shares, shall neglect or rerufe to pav his, her, or their rateable or pro-poitionable Share or Shares of the said Monty to be called for and raised by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Six Calendar Months next after inch Call or Calls (call have been directed to be paid by such Publication as aforesaid, then and in such Case all and every the Share and Shares of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and AlTigns, to and for the Uses and Purposes hereinafter mentioned: Provided always, that no Share or Shares of and in the said Navigation shall ve(t in or accrue to the said Company, until Notice in Writing thereof be given by the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Company to the Owner or Owners of, or Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Share or Shares shall at the Time of giving such Notice Hand registered or entered in the Hooks of the said Company, and in case of Infants to the Guardians or i ruflees of or for such Infants, or left at his, her, or their Dwtllinghouse or usual or lad known Place of Abode, ’’Thirty Days at lead before such Accruer shall take place, or until Notice shall be pubbshed Three Times at lead in the London Gazette, and in Two Newspapers usually or then circulating in the Country through which the said Canal passes; and in which Notice shall be contained a Statement and Account of how much Money is due fioin such Owner or Owners, Person or Persons, for his, her, or their Call or Calls in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking; and that such Share or Shares shall not be veded in the said Compauv of Proprietors, provided the Owner or Owners thereof, or such Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall pay up what shall appear by such Statements to be due, together with interest on the fame, and all Expences attending the applying for the fame, within the Time specified in such Notice; any Thing contained in the said recited Act or this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Company empowered to fell Shares that shall become vested in them by deft (lit of the

V. And be it further enacted, That when any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall, by virtue at this Act, have become vested in the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Company, or their Committee for the Time being, and they are hereby empowered, to fall or cause to be sold by publick *dti;iUiil J ‘ -' ^uftion

48° GEORG 11 nr. Cap. 13.

Auction to the belt Bidder, at such Time and Place as the said Company or their Committee shall direct (of which Sale Twenty Days Notice at dealt shall be given, by publishing the fame in the London Gazette, and in Two Ntwi'papers ufiully or then circulating in the Country through which the said Canal pafles); and it iha.ll be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee to assign over and transfer the Share or Shares of such Defaulter or Defaulters, or such and so tnany of the said Share or Shares as the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee shall from Time to Time find necessary and direct, in order to make good the Deficiency and Deficiencies of such Defaulter or Defaulters as shall not pay his, her, or their Call or Calls, pursuant to the Directions of this Act, unto i'uch Person or Persons as shall become the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares, his, her, or their Executors, Admi-nillrators, or Alligns, and to receive and give Receipts for the Money agreed to be paid or given for such Share or Shares; and such Assignment and Transfer and Receipt shall be good, valid, and effectual, against the Owner and Owners ot every such Share or Shares so vested in the said Company and sold as aforesaid, and all Persons claiming under him, her, or them: Provided always, that in case the Money produced by Sale of any such Share or Shares shall be more than sufficient to pay such Arrears as aforesaid, the Surplus arising from such Sale, after Payment of all Arrears of Money due thereon and Interest, and the Expences attending such Sale, shall be paid on Demand to the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall have belonged; provided also, that no such Share or Shares shall be fold or advertised for Sale, until the Expiration of One Calendar Month next after Notice in Writing shall have been given by the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Canal Company, to the Owner or Owners thereof, or Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Share or Shares shall at the Time of giving such Notice Hand registered or entered in the Books of the said Company of Proprietors, and in case of Infants, to the Guardians or Trullees of or for such Infants, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling-hqufe, or usual or lall known Place of Abode, or until such Notice shall have been published Three Times in the London Gazette, and in Two Newspapers usually or then circulating in the Country through which the said Canal pafles, in which Notice shall be contained a Statement and Account how much Money is due from such Owner or Owners, Person or Persons, for his, her, or their Call or Calls in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking; provided likewise, that the said Barnsley Canal Company or their Committee shall not by virtue of this Act, at any Time or Times fell or transfer, or direct to be sold or transferred, any more of such Shares of such Defaulter or Defaulters than shall be sufficient, as near as may be at the Time of such Sale, to pay the Arrears of Calls of such Defaulter or Defaulters, and the Interest and Expences attending the fame; and front and after Payment of all and every the Call or Calls to be made by virtue of this Act, and the Interest and Expences as aforesaid, any Share or Shares vested in the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, which shall remain in their Hands unfold, shall revert to and again become the Property of the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares had before belonged, in such Manner as if the Calls had been duly and regularly paid.

VI. Provided newcrtheless, and be it further er.acted, That if any Proprietor or Proprietors of any such Share or Shares, or the Executors* Admi-\_Loc. Es* Per.] Z s liiftra'ors.

181

Owners not paying the Calls thereon.

Surplus to he paid to the Person to whom such Share did belong; and no Share to be sold until Not ce shall have been given to the Owner.

Shares may be relinquished and fold after Notice.

183

ilot to sue

for Calls on

forfti'ed

Shares.

Ftoviso, that jn ease no Bidders shall be found for Shares vetted in the Company, they shall become vetted in the Company for the Benefit of all the Proprietors according to their Snares.

Persons having particular I11-terefts only in Shares, may mortgage such Shares for the Calls paid in pnr-funnee of

this Act.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

nistrators, Guardians, or Trustees of any such Proprietors, or any Mortgagee of such Shares, shall, wirhin Three Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, give Notice in Writing to the Treasurer, or Law Clerk or Law Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors, of his, her, or their Intention of relinquishing any such Share or Shares, then and in such Case such Shares shall not be forfeited or vested in the said Company of Proprietors by the Non-payment of any Call, but such Shares shall, within One Calendar Month after such Notice, be sold by publick Auflion to the highell Bidder in Manner aforesaid, and the Monies arising from such Sale, after deducting the necessary Charges and Expences attending the fame, and the Arrears of Cali^f before that ‘lime made, shall be paid to the Person or Persons to whom the Share or Shares so fold shall have belonged.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That nothing in the said recited Act or this Act contained shall empower the said Company of Proprietors to sue for any Call or Calls for Money directed to be made by virtue of this Art, or to forfeit or declare forfeited any Share or Shares on Non-payment of any such Call or Calls, or in any Manner to recover or enforce Payment of the fame, other than by felling such and so many of the Shares of the said respective Proprietors as shall be necessary for the Pur poles, and under the Regulations and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, lave and except in the Cafe next herein mentioned; any Thing in the said recited Act or in this Art contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case no Purchaser shall be found at the Sale by Auction of such Share or Shares in the said Canal as shall, by Default of the Owner or Owners thereof, become vested in the said Company of Proprietors in Manner aforesaid, or as shall be relinquished in the Manner and according to the Power for that Purpose herein-before contained (such Sale being made in the Events and according to the Manner herein-before directed), then the Share or Shares for which no Purchaser shall be found at such Sale by Auction, and all Profits and Benefit thereof, and all Monies advanced on such Share or Shares, shall and they are hereby declared to be vested in the said Company of Proprietors absolutely, for the equal Benefit of all the remaining Proprietors, according to their respective Shares in the said Undertaking.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, being possessed thereof or entitled thereto for Life, or for any other limited Ellate or Interest, and who shall be compelled or compellable, in pursuance of this Art, to advance any Sum or Sums of Money over and above the original Subscriptions, and for the Plulbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, and Attornies of any such Proprietors being under Coverture, Minors, Lunaticks, beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity of arting for themselves, to borrow and take up at Interest, upon the Credit of such Share or Shares, such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall so respectively advance, or be compellable, to pay, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to grant and assign over such Share or Shares unto the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the Money thereon, his, her, or their Executors, Administraters, and Alligns; and the Money

r - so

4S® GIiORGII III. 'Cap. 13. 183

so to be borrowed shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Company of Proprietors, for the Purpose of answering and paying the Sum or Sums of Money which such Proprietors respectively may be compelled or compellable to pay as aforesaid: Provided always, that in every such Grant or Assignment there be contained a Proviso or Condition to make the fame void, or an express Trust to re-assign the Interest, Benefit* and Advantage thereby granted, when the Money thereby secured, with the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied; and that where the same shall be made by or on Behalf of any Proprietor interested in or entitled to such Share or Shares for Life, or for any other limited Estate or Interest, there be contained a Covenant or Proviso, that the Person or Persons entitled to such Share or Shares in Remainder or Reversion shall not be liable, upon becoming possessed thereof, to the Payment of any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for One Year preceding the Time that the Possession of such Estate or Interest in Reversion or Remainder shall commence, provided that any Interest, Dividends, or Profits of the said Undertaking shall have been paid, in respect of such Share or Shares, equal to the Discharge of such further Arrear of Interest, but not otherwise; and every such Grant and Assignment shall be valid and effectual, and shall have Priority in every respect ro ariy Charge or Incumbrance affecting such Share or Shares; provided also, that no such Grant of Assignment, or any Transfer or Assignment thereof, shall be valid unless the fame be produced and notified tb the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors within Fourteen Days next after the Date thereof, who shall enter the fame in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, for which he shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more; but no such Grant or Assignment, or any Transfer or Assignment thereof, shall entitle any Person to a Right of voting at any Assembly or Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Power for A for any Person or Persons who now are or hereafter may be entitled to any Mortgage or Mortgages, or other Security, Sum or Sums of Money, dl,ca on the said Undertaking, and to the Principal and Interest due thereon, due to thrm and also for such of the Proprietors of the said Navigation as hold" any out of Calls. Share or Shares therein, on which a further Sum of Thirty-three Pounds per Share hath been advanced, or any Part thereof, and from whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall become due and payable to the said Company of Proprietors, by reason of any Call or Calls to be made by virtue of this Act, in case such Person or Persons shall so think proper, to deduct the Amount of such Call or Calls from the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due and owing to him, her, or them respectively from the said Company; and that the Receipt and Receipts of the Person or Persons entitled to such Mortgage or Mortgages, or other Security, Sum 01*

Sums of Money, for the Amount of each and every such Call and Calls,-shall, on the Delivery thereof to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being of the said Company of Proprietors, in case so much Money shall be due to such Person or Persons on such Mortgage or Mortgages, or other Security, Sum or Sums of Money, be deemed and taken as the Payment of such Call and Calls, and shall be accepted and taken by the said Company of Proprietors as such; and that such Treasurer or Treasurers shall endorse on such Mortgage, or enter into his Books a Memo- randum, Haling how much of such Mortgage or other Sum or Sums of Money has been so discharged.

184

The Company to make the Railroad from Barnby to Silkllon.

Company empowered to collect additional Rates.

[Proviso.]Ta take fame Dues from Barnby to the Junction on Goods going Dearne and 13otc, or the Calder, but without affecting the Clause in former Act for paying for Six Miles on pnfiing a Lock.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. i$.

XI. ' And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietor* shall, and they are hereby ordered, directed, and required, as soon as may be after, the passing of this Act, to set out, make, and complete the said Railroad from the said Canal near Barnby- to or near Ncrcroft Bridge, and from thence to Silkston, in the Line and Direction and under the Authority of the said recited Act.

XII. And whereas, in consideration of the great additional Expence the said Company of Proprietors have already luilained and been put to in making and completing the said Canal, and may hereafter fuilain in making and finishing the Railways and other Works intended to be made, beyond what was estimated and proposed when the Rates of Tonnage and Wharfage, Craneage and Porterage, payable by virtue of the said recited Act, were settled and fixed, it is reasonable that they should be authorized to collect some addidonal Rates towards answering such additional Expence; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors (over, above, and in addition to the Rates of Tonnage they are entitled to take and receive by virtue of the said recited Act, and over and above and in addition to the Rates of Wharfage, Craneage and Porterage, they are entitled to take and receive by virtue of this Act)-to ask, demand, take, and recover, for their own proper Use and Behoof, for the Tonnage of all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Coal, Stone, Timber, and other Things which shall be navigated or conveyed upon or through all or any Part of the said Canal, or upon any of the Railways thereto belonging, all such Sums and Sum of Money as they shall from Time to Time direct or appoint, not exceeding One Moiety or Half-Part of the Tolls, Rates, and Duties they are now entitled to take and receive by virtue of the said recited Act; which said additional Tolls, Rates, and Duties hereby granted shall, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the said Company, and shall and may be ascertained, collected, levied, and recovered by such and the like Ways and Means, and shall become due and payable in such and the like Proportions and Manner, and subject to such and the like Exemptions, as the Rates of Tonnage granted and made payable to the said Company of Proprietors in and by the said recited Act are thereby directed to be ascertained, collected, levied, and recovered, and are subject to.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall at any Time or Times authorize or empower the said Barn/Iey Canal Company to alk, demand, take, or receive by virtue of this present Act, any higher or additional Toll, Rate, or Duty per Mile for the Tonnage of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Coal, Stone, Timber, or other Things which shall be navigated, carried, or conveyed upon or through all or any Part of that Part of the said Barnsley Canal, commencing at Barnby Bridge, and ending at the Junction with the Dearne and Dove Canal, at or near Barnsley or upon any of the Railways to the fame Part of the said Barn/ley Canal, now or hereafter belonging, and which shall pass into or out of the said Dearne and Dove Canal, than the Toll Rate or Duty per Mile, which shall for the then Time being be charged for the Tonnage of the Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Coal, Stone, Timber, or other Things which shall be navigated, carried, or conveyed upon or through all or any Part of the said Part of the said Barnsley Canal, commencing at Barnby Bridge aforesaid, and ending at the

7 said

48° GEORGII lit. Cap. 13. 185

raid Junction with the said Dearne and Dove Canal, at or near Barfjley aforesaid, or upon any of the Railways now or hereafter to the fame Part belonging without passing, and which shall not pass into or out of the said Dearne and Dove Canal: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to affect, or in any Manner restrain or abridge, the Fowers contained in the said recited Act for enabling the said Barnsley Canal Company to charge for the loading in any Boat or Vessel going up or down the said Barnsley Canal, which shall pass through One or more Locks of the fame Canal without passing more than Six Miles thereon, as if such Boat or Vessel had actually gone the full Length of Six Miles upon the fame Canal.

. , No adJi-

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein tional Rate

contained shall authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors to to be takeu alk, demand, take, or receive by virtue of this present Act, any additional &rc

Rate or Duty upon Flag Pavingitone, Limestone, or Lime, navigated upon winch'fha'J ’ the said Canal, which {Hall previously have been navigated or brought up have been the Dearne and Dove Canal Navigation, from Swinton on the River Dun to previously the Junction of the said Dearne and Dove Canal with the said Barnsley the D'earn-" Canal, at or near Barnsley aforesaid. and Dove

> Canal,

XV. And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have expended Power for considerable Sums of Money in building proper Wharfs, Staiths, Cranes, Company Warehouses, and Granaries upon the Line of the said Barnsley Cabal, ^dkional and are liable to and necessarily put to and incur great Expence in the Rates of keeping and maintaining sufficient and necessary Clerks, Porters, arfd Craneageand Labourers for the Management, Attendance, and Care thereof relpec-

tively: And whereas the present Rates of Craneage and Porterage are p" at> insufficient for the Support of such Clerks, Porters, and Labourers so necessarily employed in and about the Management, Attendance, and Care of such Wharfs, Staiths, Cranes, Warehouses, and Granaries respectively as aforesaid; be it therefore enacted, That for the Cranage and Porterage of every' Ton of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Commodities, and other 1 hings, upon which the Sum of Sixpence per Ton is allowed by the said recited Act: to be charged, received, and taken for the Craneage and Porterage thereof, there shall be charged by and paid to the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents, Servants, or Wharfingers, from and after the passing of this Act, the Sum of One Shilling per Ton for Craneage and Porterage (over and above Tonnage and Wharfage), or so much thereof as the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time in that Behalf appoint and direct; and further, that for the Craneage and Porterage of each and every Parcel which shall be of Two hundred Pounds Weight, and shall not exceed Five hundred Pounds Weight, there shall be paid not exceeding the Sum of Sixpence; and for each and every small Parcel not exceeding Two hundred Pounds Weight, there shall be paid the Sum of Three-pence for each and every such Parcel, or so much thereof as the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time in that Behalf appoint and direct.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, P»yrt'e,nt or their Agents, Servants, or Wharfingers, at any of the said Wharfs, *r age' Staiths, Warehouses, or Granaries now erected or made, or which shall be hereafter erected, made, or ui'ed by the said Company of Proprietors,

\Loc. & Per3 A for

tS6

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

for the Use and Purposes of the said Barn/ley Canal, may ask, demand, and receive, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to ad-:, demand, and receive for Wharfage and Warehouse Room (in lieu and in the Place of the several Sum or Sums authorized to be received by the said recited Act for Wharfage and Wharehouse Room), such Sum or Sums of Money over and above what is directed by the said- recited Act and by this Act, to be paid for Craneage and Porterage as they shall think fit, not exceeding the Sums herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,)

For every Ton of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Commodities, and other Things deposited in the Warehouses or other Buildings of the said Company (except what are herein-after enumerated), for Warehouse Rent only, and exclusive of the Craneage and Porterage, -

And for all Parcels under Five hundred Pounds Weight, for Warehouse Rent only, -

For every Quarter of Corn and Grain of all Kinds, Cole, Rape, Line, Mustard Seed, Apples, Pears, Onions and Potatoes, and Oak Bark, deposited in the Warehouses or Buildings of the said Company, for Warehouse Rent only, and exclusive of Craneage and Porterage. -

For every Ton of Pig Iron, Timber of all Kinds, Stone, Ironfione, Limestone, and Lime, Flint, Clay, Sand, Bricks, Tiles, Plaister, Soap Ashes, and all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Commodities and other Things whatsoever laid upon any Wharfs or Staiths of the said Company, and not deposited in any Warehouses or Buildings, for Wharfage only, and exclusive of Craneage and Porterage, -

Goods, Sec. not icnniiung more than Four Days. foi < u ry Day frer the Expiration of the fidl Four Days.

£ s. d. C * d.

006 OOI

0 0 0 0

OOI 00-

006 OOI

Which said last-mentioned additional Rates and Duties, hereby granted for Whapiage, Craneage, and Porterage, shall and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the said Company, and shall and may be ascertained, collected, levied, and recovered by such and the like Ways and Means, and shall become due and payable in such and the like Proportions and Manner, and subject to such and the like Exemptions as the Rates and Duties of Wharfage, Craneage, and Porterage, granted and made payable to the said Company of Proprietors in and by the said recited Act, are thereby directed to be ascertained, collected, levied, and recovered, and are subject to.

Mode of

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all Cafes

charging where there shall be a Fradion of a Mile in the Difiance which any Boat, Fractions of J3alge> or other Vessel shall be navigated or pass upon the said Canal, or a Mile or a j)iftance which any Waggon or Cart shall pass upon the Railways

'Ion' or 0thdf Roads thereto belonging, or any of them, where such Fradion

shall not be less than One Quarter of a Mile, such Fradion shall, in ascertaining the said Rates, be deemed and considered as a whole Mile;

and

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. t%1

and that in- all Cafes where there shall be a Fraction of a Ton in the Weight of Lading in any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel so to be navigated on the said Canal, a Proportion of the said Rates shall be d< mantled and taken by the said Barnsley Canal Company for fuc'n Fraction, according to the Number of Quarters of a Ton contained therein; and in all Cafes where there shall be a Fraction of a Quarter of a Ton in any such Weight of Lading as aforesaid, such Fraction shall be deemed and considered as a whole Quarter of a Ton.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Agent, Toll Collector, If an Agent Lock Keeper, Wharfinger, or other Servant of the said Barnsley Canal ®r Toll Company, occupying any House, Offices or Buildings, Lands or Tene- an°dg ments, belonging to the said Barnsley Canal Company, shall be discharged discharged, from his Office by or by the Order of the said Barnsley Canal Company refute* to de-or their Committee, and shall not deliver up the Possession of such House,

Offices, Buildings, and Appurtenances, Lands or Tenements, together House, &c. with the Books, Papers, and other Matters and Things belonging to the the Justices said Barnsley Canal Company, in his Custody, Power, or Possession, within niay War-One Calendar Month after Notice of such his Discharge shall be given to him, or left at such House’, Office, or Building $ or if the Wife or Family, removed with or Servant, Inmate, or Representative, Under-tenant, or Assigns, of any his Goods, such Agent, Toll Collector, Lock Keeper, Wharfinger, or other Servant, who shall happen to die, while in the Service of the said Barnsley Canal Company, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of such House, Offices,

Buildings, and Appurtenances, Lands, or Tenements as aforesaid, together with the Books, Papers, and other Matters and Things belonging to the said Barnsley Canal Company, in his, her, or their Custody, Power, or Possession, within One Calendar Month after Notice of another Person having been appointed in the Place and Stead of the Person so dying, then and in either of the said Cafes, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the Limit or District where such House, Offices, and Buildings, Lands, and Tenements, shall be, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order the Constable or other Peace Officer or Sheriff’s Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House, Offices, and Buildings, Lands and Tenements, in the Day Time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with their Goods and Chattels, out of such House, Offices, and Buildings, Lands, and Tenements, and to take Possession of the fame Premises, and all the Books, Papers, Matters, and Things belonging to the said Barnsley Canal Company, which shall be found therein, and to deliver Possession of such House, Offices, and Buildings, Lands, and Tenements, together with the Books, Papers,

Matters, and Things found therein, belonging to tl;e said Barnsley Canal Company, to the new appointed Agent, Toll Collector, Lock-Keeper, Wharfinger, or other Servant, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Barnsley Canal Company or their Committee shall appoint to receive the fanie.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Company

the said Barnsley Canal Company, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any of their General Assemblies, by Writing under their w

Common Seal, at any Time or Times to let to farm the Rates by the said recited Act and this Act made payable, and which they are hereby empowered to alter as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon the

8 Whole

iS$

Power to detain Boats, Barges, and Waggons, doing any Damage to the Works, until Satisfaction is made.

48‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

tVhole dr any Pait or Parts of the said Canal or Railroad, unto any Person or Persons for any Term or Terms they shall think proper, not exceeding Twenty-one Years from the Commencement of any Lease; and every such Leaie shall be valid and effectual; and the Lessee or Lessee^ thereof, and all such Person or Persons as such Lessee or Lessees shall appoint to collect and receive the Rates so let, shall, during the Continuance of such Lease, be deemed Collectors of the Rates so let, and shall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting and recovering the fame, as if they had been appointed for that Purpose by the said Barnfiey Canal Company, in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act; provi ed publick Notice of the Intention to let the said Rates, or any Part thereof, be given by Advertisement in the Sheffield, Wakefield, and Leeds Newspapers, or any Two of them, or some other publick Newspaper circulated in the County of York, or in such other Manner as the said Barnficy Canal Company shall direct or appoint, at least Twenty-one Days prior to any such General Assembly at which the said Rates, or any Part or Parts thereof, are proposed to be let as aforesaid.

XX. And whereas by the said recited Act the Matters or Owners of any Boat, Barge, or Vessel, navigating within the Limits of the said Navigation, and the Matters or Owners of any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, patting along the said Railways or other Roads, are thereby made answerable, as therein mentioned, for any Damages, Spoil, or Mischief, which shall be done by them or any of them respectively unto the said Navigation, or any of the Works belonging thereto, contrary to the Directions and Restrictions in the said ACI: contained: And whereas the said Navigation and Works would be more effectually protected, if the said Company of Proprietors were enabled to detain the Vessel or Cart of the Person or Persons who shall commit any Spoil or Mischief until alt Damages and Costs, to be given and ascertained as in the said Act is directed, be fully paid and satisfied; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the patting of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Barnfiey Canal Company, their Agents, Lock Keepers, and Servants, or any Person or Persons by their Order, to detain and keep any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel navigating within the Limits of the said Barnfiey Canal, and also any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, passing along the said Railways or other Roads, in all Cafes where Damage, Spoil, or Mischief shall be done to the Lid Canal, or Works belonging thereto, by any such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, or by any such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or by the Matter, Owner, or Boatmen, Watermen, or Driver of or belonging to cr employed in or about the fame respectively, until full Satisfaction be made to the said Company of Proprietors for such Damages, Spoil, or Destruction, according to the Order or Determination of the Justice or Justices of the Peace before which the Offender shall be convicted, or of any Court of Record at Westminster in which the Offender shall be sued, as the Case may be.

Penalty on

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Boat, Barge, or other Persons Vessel going up or down the said Canal shall pass the First Lock at Barugh, guilty of wil- First Lock at Walton, or the First Lock at Jlgbrigg, upon the said aflln' die1 Barnfiey Canal, and the Matter Boatman or Owner of such Boat, Barge, Looks. or Vessel shall not proceed immediately and without Delay through all the remaining Locks of the said CanaL, next unto such First Lock at those

respective

48* GEORGII III. Viphp 169

reipecHvc 'Phees through which he may have Occasion to pass (except where such Delay is or shall be occasioned by the loading or unloading of such Boat, Barge, or Vessel, or in Cafes of Misfortune or inevitable Accident), that then and in every such Case the Mailer Boatman or Owner of every such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel shall, on Conviction of the Offence before any Justice of- the Peace for the County, Riding, Liberty, or Place where any such Offence shall be committed, either by the Con-session of the Party or Parties offending, or upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath or Oaths such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer), pay to the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents or Servants, the Damages to be ascertained by such Justice, provided such Damages do not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds; and also shall, over and above such Damages, forfeit and pay to the Informer any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, and all Colts, Charges, and Expences attending such Conviction; which Damages, Penalties, and Colts shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Mailer Boatman, Owner or Owners of such Boat, Barge, or other Vessel, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, and the Overplus (if any), after such Penalties, Damages, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Mailer Boatman or Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed ^PP1^1*0" or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fat;0°hjn" purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act exceeding or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corpora- ^ool. tion, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said Act mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Company of Proprietors of the Barnsley Canal Navigation, together with the Name of Three of the Commissioners for executing the said Act> to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signined by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Meffujtges, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Itood settled or limited, or such of them as at the lime of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilting undeteimined and capable of t [Lor. Csf Per.] 3 B taking

190

Application when the Compensation does not exceed 200I. nor less than 20].

Application where the Money is less than 20I.

In case of not making out Titles, or if Personj cannot be found, Purchase Money to be

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

taking F.ffeft; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Two or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, as the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, and to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be

1 paid

4b° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

paid as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commit honors, or any Two or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums Jo awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \describing the m\, subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court; which said Courr, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition* shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, or to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and forwhofe Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall avise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this or the said recited Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance thereof respectively, it shall be lawful for

191

paid into the Bank; subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, by Motion or Petition.

Ca/hier of the Bank to gire a Recept for such Money.

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Possession of the Lands, &c. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such Possession.

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchaset to be paid by the Trusteei.

192

For paying the Expences of the Act.

[Publick Act.]

4S# GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of the obtaining and passing this Act, and all other Colts, Charges, and Expences relating to or concerning the same, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Barnsley Canal Company, out of the Money received or raised, or to be received or raised, by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Primers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

J

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 14.

An Act to continue several Acts for granting a Duty of Two Pennies Scots upon Ale and Beer brewed in the Town of Aberbrothock, in the County of Forfar.

[28th March 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act uG.». c. 4. for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Aberbrothock and Liberties thereof: And whereas another Act was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for *G- J- c-»* continuing an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, ‘An Act for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which Jshall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Abrrbrothock and Liberties thereof:' And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-l'evrnth Year of the Reign of His present ‘J0-*- c <s-Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term of Two Acts made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty Kin* George the Second, and the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for laying a Duty of Two Pennies Scots, or One Sixth Part of a Penny Sterling, upon every Scots Pint of Ale and Beer which shall be brewed for Sale, brought into, vended, tapped, or fold, within the Town of Aberbrothock and Liberties thereof:

And whereas the Money arittng by the said Duty hath been applied [Lot. (ft Per.] 3 c according

194-

Act* further continued.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

according to the Directions of the said Acts; but the Purposes for which the said Duty was granted are not yet completed, and a considerable Debt is now owing on the Credit of the said Acts, which cannot be paid off and the necessary Works by the said Acts directed to be done, carried on, and compleated, unless the Terms and Powers by the said former Acts granted, be enlarged; May it therefore please Ycur Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s mull Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, artd by the Authority of the same, That the Impofuion and Duty granted and made payable by the said recited Acts, upon Ale and Beer brewed, brought into, tapped, or fold, within the said Town of Aberbrotbock or Liberties thereof, shall, from and after the Expiration of the Term by the said last recited Act granted, be further continued, raised, levied, collected, paid, and made payable to the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the said Town of Aberlrcthock, and their Successors in Office for the Time being, for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Duty to be paid during additional Term.

Drawback on Beer sold out of th*. Town and Liberties.

Overseers of the Duty.

II. And be it enacted, That the aforesaid Impofuion or Duty shall, during the additional Term by this Act granted, be raised, levied, and collected, from the same Persons, and by the fame Means and Methods, and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures, and be accounted for, paid, and applied to and for the same Uses and Purposes; and that the Pro-voft, Magistrates, and Town Council of the said Town of Aberbrotbock, be and continue Trustees for such Applications, with the fame Powers, and subject to she same Rules and Dirtdions as are mentioned and declared in the said recited ACEs; and that the said recited Acts, and every Authority, Power, Article, Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, shall be of the fame Foice and Effect to all Intents and Purposes for raising, collecting, securing, and levying, the said im or Duty, and for applying the same fortheUfes and Purposes mentioned in the said recited Acts, so far as the same are not already executed, for and during the additional Term hereby granted, as fully and effectually as if the said former Acts were particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That a Drawback of the said Duty shall be allowed, and paid by the Provoli, Magistrates, and Town Council of the said Town of Aberbrotbock, and their Successors in Office, Collectors and Assigns, on all Ale and Beer, which shall be brewed within the said Town and Liberties thereof, and which shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of the said Town, and their Collectors and Assigns, to have been exporred and sold to Persons living without the said Town and the Liberties thereof, and not liable to the said Duty.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Honourable William Maule of Panmare, Juries Farquhar, of Inverbervie, George Dimpjler of Dumticben, John Erskine of Dunn, Alexander Stracban of ‘Tarry, John Frafer of Hospitalfiid, William Henderson of Lawton, Robert Relland of Auchmithie, James Mttdie of Pi:metres, the Members of Parliament for the County of Forfar, and for the District of

4 Boroughs,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

Boroughs, whereof Aberbrothock is one, or any Three or more of them, shall be and are hereby appointed Overseers otthe Duty hereby continued and granted, and of the Application thereof, in place and ft:ad of the Overseers appointed by the said recited Acts, and shall have and are hereby vetted with the fame Powers and Authorities as are in and by the above recited Acts granted and given to the former Overseers as well as the other Powers hereby given; any Thing in the said former Acts to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

*95

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Overseers, or any Three Meeting of or moreofthem, shall meet in the Council Chamber of the said Town of Oveifeew. Aberbrothock, upon the Second Day of May One thousand eight hundred

and eight, and shall then and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn themselves, and meet at the fame or any other Place within the Town of Aberbrothock, as often as they shall think necessary.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken public Act. to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by

11 Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

►‘r4 . H

i tf

an ir^so^o £* 8ei

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. is.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Leeds to Roundhay, in the West Riding of the County of York. [a8th March 1808.]

WHEREAS the making, maintaining, and keeping in Repair a Turnpike Road from Leeds, in the West Riding of the County of York, to commence at or near a certain Turnpike Bar called Sheepjar Bar, in a Field called South SheepJcar, the Property of the Right Honourable Peter Leopold Louis Francis Nassau Clavering Cowper Earl Cowper, and passing into and over the East Side of a certain Farm called Bushy Field House, belonging to the said Earl Cowper, across a certain Lane called The Hare Hills Lane, to and through the North West Side of Gibton Wood, in the Township of Potternewton cum Gibton, and from thence to a Bridge lately erected in the Township of Roundhay called Roundhay Bridge, all in the West Riding of the County of York. would be of greac Advantage and Convenience to the Land Owners and Inhabitants of the adjacent Country, and of Public Utility; buc as the fame cannot be effected without th^ Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Confenc of the Lords Spiritual and 1 cmporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affrtn- XruBet»-bird, and by the Authority of the same, That the Honourable Edward Spencer Cowper, Charles Cowper, James Graham, John Dixon, the Mayor, Recorder, and Aldermen for the Time being of the Borough of L eds,

Thomas N.chilfon, Samuel Elam, Thomas Strother, James Brown, James Brown the younger, Edward Bro ke, John Brantley, Robert Elam, John Wiliam Elam, James Entwijlle, Joshua Field the younger, William Green-[toe. (s P.r.] 3 D wood.

198

Eltflion of new Trulteei.

Quali^eation of Tiufteet.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

wood, William Glover, John Grainger, John Gilpin, John Hebbkthwaite, John nowarih Martin Hind, "Jonathan Lupton, Samuel Lapage, Joseph Medley, James Ruba dson. John Sowden, IVtllam Westerman, Griffith Wright, Junior, and their Successors, to he elected in Mar ner herein-, fier mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trust. es for m iki g, maintaining, altering, repaiiing, and improving the said Road, and that they oranyFiye or more of them, at such Meeting or Meetings a> hereinafter directed, unless where othermle herr in-afe r specified, Ih 11 and may and are hereby authorised and empowered to carry this Act, and ail he Matters and Things herein contained or directed to be done by the said Tiufte.s, into Execution and Effect.

II. And be it further e.ne&ed, That upon the Death, Refusal, or Disability of any of the said Trustees hereby appointed, or t‘ eir Succiffirs (to be defied in Manner herein mentioned) to eft in the Execution < f ihia Act, then and in every such C-fe it shall and may be lawful to a d fur the fufviving or remaining Trustees from Time to Time to elect and q point one other Person to be a Trustee in the Room of each Trustee lo dy ng or refusing or being incapable of acting, and Notice of the Tmv ana Place of the Meeting t revery such Election, shall by iheCieik rorhe I id I ' offers for the Time being, be interred in f me Newlpajxr or Newtp.p-rs published in the f iid Welt Ri ling of the County of York, ai d shall be fhxcd on all and every the Turnpike Gates that ihalt be It..riding n the fan’ I< ad at Jcaft Ten Days before such Meeting; and every Person so elected a new Trusteeas aforesaid, being qualified as herein-after mentioned, Iliad be and he is hereby empowered io aft in the Execution of this Act to all Intents and Purposes in as full and ample Manner as the Tiuflce in whole Room or fitead he fh^d have been so elected.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act unicl-- hr shall be in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife in the actual Poffflion or Keceij t of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Furry Pounds, or be pjfiellea of or en iiltd t > a Personal Efta e alone, or Re.d and Personal together, of the Va.ue of Eight hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person puff IT d of an Estate in Land of the clear yearly Value of One hunched Pounds, nor shall any such Person be capable of acting in the Execution of this Act, save and except in administ ring the Oaih fulow. ing to the other Trustees, until he (not being loch Heir Apparent as afotclai,) (hill have taken and subscribed the Oatn following Octoie any Two or more of the said Tiultees, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same; (chat is to faj),

« T do swear. That I truly and land fide am in my own

Right [or, in Right of my Wile, as the Case may be] in the actual

Ptff firm i Enj yment of Lands, I encmcius, or Hereditaments of me

clear yea ly V.lue of Forty Pounds, or possessed of or entitled to a

Personal E'late alone, or Real and Personal together, of the Amount

or Value of Eight hundred Pounds. So help me GOD.’

And if any Person not being so qualified shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offcr.ee forfeit ann pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the lame, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of

Record

4«° georgii rn. '&%>.t$.

feecord by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Efioign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued-r prosecuted shall prove that he as qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise Ttall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Parc of the Plaintiff or Pro-frcutoi than that I tic n Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Pertbn or Prrforrs acting as a Trustee or Trustees in fhc Exrcurion of this Act, though not duly qualified as afoitsaid previous to his or their being convicted of the said CffencJ, Ih'H, WotW'fthftandWib fitch Conviction, be as good, valid, and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it ehffted, That no Person or Persons who shall keep any Victualling Hotife or other Hause of public Entertain*-inent, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, A e, Spirituous or other strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trull re, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trull or Profit under the said Trustees, or of collecting the Tolls hereby g'antrd and made payable and to be collected on the said Road, during such Time as he, she, or ihey shall keep such Victualling Hou e, Alehouse, cf other House of public Entertainment, or shall fell any Wine, Cvder, B;rr, Ale,

Spirituous or other (trong Liquors by Retail; but no such Person shall be

rccluded from farming such Tolls, provided he, she, or they employ a eifon or Persons to collect such Tolls who shall not be under any such Incapacity.

V. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as are or Trustee* may shall be Justices of the Peace, shall and may in their respective JurisdictLns, «c*pt wi-eiV. and they are hereby empowered to act as Justices of the Peace in the Exe- atertfted. cution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in

such Cafes where they shall be personally interested.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or Time of more of them shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to meet together at the Hotel in Leeds aforesaid, on the Second Tuesday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall then adjourn thrmselves, and from Time to Time afterwards meet at and again adjourn to such Place near to the said Road as they the said T Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think proper; and the said dtfr.i> - heir Trultets at all their Meetings shall defray their own Expences. 0" Ex‘

VII. And it is hereby declared, That all Orders and Determinations Or nof made at any Meeting of the Lid Trustees shall be made by a M jority ^"tr^I"elin8 of the Trustees then present; and no Older or Deicmination shall be re. voice? by yoked or altered at any subsequenc Meeung unlrfs N ne Trustres shall be *no'ber,«x. present, anc Two-thirds of them shall decide in Favour of such Revocation tadicafeV' or Alteration, and unless the Person or Pc rf.jns apply ng to revoke or alter

any such Order, shall give Notice thereof in Wr ting to the Clerk or Clerks or to the Person or Persons acting as Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, to be by him or them affixed and inlcrted in Mamer 9 herein*

AH Acts of Trust e* not qu lined, it one i* lore Conviction, Valid.

Victuallers, &c incapable of acting.'

4200

Meetings on Emergencies.

Trustee* to appoint Oi-ft cere.

Officers to account*

Proceeding*

against Qrfi-cers r tuGng to account or dtliv:r B^oks, &«.

4$° GEORGII III. Cap. 15:

herein-be rrre directed wi h respect to Notices for the Election of New Truf" tec-, at Irait Ten Days previous to any Meeting.

Vili. And be it further enacted, That if after Adjournment of any Meeting of the said Trustees, it shall be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting fhuulcl be appointed than the Day appointed by any Adjournment, or if for want of a proper A ijournni'-nt, or otherwise it shall be nrceffiry to call a Meeting of the said Trustc< s, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of them, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner before dhefted, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being left. than Ten Days after such Notice) and such Mertii g shall and may be held accordingly, and all the Proceedings of the Tiuft es at all such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournmcnr.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Did Trustees shall and may at their hi (I or any subsequent Meeting by Writ ng under thrir Hands, elect and appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasureror Treasurers, Receiver or R-cevns, C lftftor or Co.lcftors of the Tofts by this Act granted, and shall take lu( h Security from such Treasurer o: Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Colli stor or Collectors, for the due and fathful Execution of his or their Office or Offices, as the said Trustees shall think fir, and (h 1 also cleft and appoint a Surveyor or Surveytrs, and such other Officers as the said Trustees shall think proper, and also may tiom Time to Time remove such Clerks, Treasurers, Collr-stors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of thtm, as the said Trustees shall lee Occasion, and appoint othcis in the room of such of them as shall be so removed, or shall die, rtfign, or refuseor neglect to perform or became incapable of performing their Duty; and the said Trustees shall and may, out of the Monty to be raifrd and received by virtue cf this Act, give such Salaries or make such Allowance to the Clerks, Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Sui vcy< ri or other Officers so appointed, for and in Consideration of the Care and Pains reflectively taken in the Execution of their tespective Offices, and to such other Ferk>ns who shall be assisting in and about the Execution of th s Act, as to them the said Trustees shall fresh proper; and all such Officers and other Persons shall upon their respective Oaths, if thereunto required by the said Trustees (which Oaths the said Trustees or any one or more of them are and is hereby empowered to administer) from Time to Time and as often as they shall be called upon for that Purpose, produ* c and give up to such Trustees, full, true, and ptrfeft Accounts in Writing under their respective Hands, of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, received, or collected, and how, to whom and for what Purposes such Monies and every Part thereof shall have been pa d, dd'posed of, or applied, together with proper Receipts and Vouchers for such Payments, and shall and are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monirs as shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Trustees, or to such Person Or Persons, or for such Uses and Purposes as they shall tiireft and appoint; and if such Officer of Person (being required so to d,) shall refuse or neglect to render and give up or verify upon Oath such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, or to ptoduce and deliver of to

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 15. 2pj

the said Trustees the Receipts and Vouchers relating to the fame, or to pay as aforesaid any Sum or Sums of Money which shall appear to remain in his or their Hands, or shall not deliver to the said Trustees, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by them, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custcdv or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in any of the said Cafes any one or more of the Justices of the Peace for the Riding, Town, or Place wherein such Officer or Person shall be and reside, shall, upon Complaint of the said Trustees or of any one or more of them, or by such Person or Petlons as they or any one or more of them shall appoint for that Purpose, issue a Summons under his or their Hand or Hands for futh Officer or Person to appear before him or them, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, shall make Enquiry concerning such Default, and hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way, and if upon the Confession of the Party, cr by the Testimony of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Jul-ticcs is and are hereby em| owered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) it shall appear to such Justice or justices that any of the Monies which shall have been raised or collected under this Act, shall icmain due from such Officer or Peifjn, such Justice or Justices may and he and they is and aie hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by sVarraint under hE or their H nd and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause P ch Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chatcelsof such Officer or Personj and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Person can be found sufficient to satisfy the said Monty and the Charges of distraining and idling the said Goods and Chattels, or if any such Officer or Perloi shall be convicted of any other of the Offences aforet-id, such Justice or Justices shall and may commit such Officer or Person tu the Common Gaol tither for the said West Riding or for the B trough uf Leeds, or cf lu h Riding, Town, or P,acc as aforesaid, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until such Officer or Person shall give and make a true and pciftft Account, and verify the same as aforesaid, and make such P. ymentas aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Trustees for theftme, and shall have paid such Composit'on Money to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and accept) or until such Oific. r or Person shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writ- . ings as aforesaid, or given Satisf iftion in resprft thereof to the said Trul-ttes: Provided always, ihat no such Officer or other Person so commirted as aforesaid fh..U or confined or detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longei Sp.ice of Time than Six Calendar Months.

X. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Col- Trustees may lector or Rereiver of the Tolls shall die, neglect or refute to perform or become incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or abtent him- app-unt re.n-self, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the inid Trustees, alchough poiary 0"c5-not assemble i at a Meeting of the said Trustees to be appointed by virtue of this Act, to discharge such Collector or'Receiver so neglecting or refuting to pcif irm cr incapable cf performing his Duty, or aoltonding or ab enting hiir.self, and nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls (to continu until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees) in the Stead of such Co.lector or Receiver as shall Jo die or be discharged; and such Person so nominated and appointed shall have th- I k- l ower and Authority, and be aufwerable and accountable in [Luc. & Per.'} 3 E the

201

Collectors refilling to deliver up Toll House.

Justices em-

poueieH to grant Warrant, and Constable to enter and in-move such Collector!'

Trustees may erect Toll Houses, fee.

Toll*.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

the same Manner in all Respects as the Person who shall fodie or be dil*-charged would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls who shall be discharged from his Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representaiives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person or Persons, shall refuse to deliver up the P< Hellion of any Toll House or Building to be erected or set up on the said R act for the Space of Four Days after Demand thereof rnade and Notice in Wri ing given for that Purpose by any Three or more of the said Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting) or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, then and in any of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding, or for the said Borough of Leeds, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hand1 and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer for the said Riding or Borough, with such Assistanceas may be necessary, to enter such Hou(e or Building in the Day Time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the fame, and to put the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or such new-appointed Collector or Receiver, into the Puffession thereof.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may from Time to Time cause to be erected and set up such and so many Turnpikes or Toll Gates in, upon, across or on the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Road, and across any Lane or Way leading into, from or out of the fame, and also such Toll House or Houses, Weighing Engine or Engines to each Gate or Turnpike, or otherwise as they shall think necessary, with suitable Out-buildings thereto, and also may inclose from the said Road convenient Garden Spots to the said Toll Houses, as they may judge proper, and may cause any such Turnpikes, Toll Gates, Toll Houses, Weighing Engines, or other Buildings from Time to Time to be taken down, removed, or altered, as they shall judge proper; which said Turnpikes, Toll Houses, Weighing Engines, and Buildings, and all Materials for making or repairing the fame, are hereby vested in the Lid Trustees; and that the following Sums of Money shall and may be demanded and taken as Tolls, before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage shall be p-rmitted to pass through any such Turnpikes or Toll Gates respectively (that is to say);

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Curricle, Chaise, Caladi, or other such like Carriage, or Hearse, drawn by Six Horses or other Beads ol Draught, Two Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, Nine pence; and drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, Sixpence:

And for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage having the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by Four Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, Two Shillings; and drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, One Shilling and Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught One Shilling and Three-pence; and drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, not laden with Coals, Sixpence:

And for every Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other such like Carriage drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, and laden with or going

for

20$

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

for or returning empty after having been only laden with Coals, Cinders, or Lime, One-Half of the Toll above charged upon any Waggon, Wain, or Cart drawn by One Horse, and not laden with Coals:

And for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, not ladrn with or going empty for pr returning empty after having been laden only with Coals, Cinders, or Lime, and drawn by Six or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, Three Shillings; and drawn by Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, Two Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Four Horles or other Beasts of Draught, pne Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Three Horles or other Bead* of Draught, One Shilling and Three-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, Nine-pence; and drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, Sixpence:

And for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, having the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, going for or laden with or returning empty after having been laden with Coals, Cinders, or Lime only, and drawn by Four or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, Nine-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, Sixpence; and drawn by One Hotfe ot other Bead of Draught, Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs laden or unladen and not drawing. One Penny Halfpenny:

And for every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, One Shilling per Score; and so in Proportion for any less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, Sixpence per Score; and so in Proportion for any less Number:

Which said respective Tolls shall be and are hereby veded in the said Tiudees; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall after Demand thereof made by any Colltdor or Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay the fame or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the said respective Collectors of the Tolls, or other Person or Persons whom they or any of them shall take to th-ir Affidance therein, to seize and didrain any Horse, Bead, or other Cattle upon which any such Tolls are by this Act imposed, belonging to any Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing or liable to pay the Tolls as aforesaid (excepc the Bridle or Reins of any such Horse or other Bead, separate front such Horse or other Bead); and if such Tolls and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Dtlfrefs, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after such Seizure and Didrefs made, the Person or Persons so seizing and didraining shall and may Icll the Horse or other Bead or Cattle so seized an diltr. ir.ed, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls and all reasonable Charges shall be deduded.

XII. An 1 it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no Person shall be liab c t* pay nv>re than once for passing or repassing at any Time or Times in any (J c Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve id ti e Clock in the succeeding Night) with the fame Horses, Cattle, or Carnages respectively through any of the Turnpikes to be erected by virtue oi this Act, but that any Person after having paid Toll once, and

producing

No mar- than One Toll to be taken la One Day.

204-

Trustees may reduce the Tolls,

and afterwards advance tiiem again to any Sum rot ex ceedin. »'e Ratss before granted, provided no Reduce on be made without the Confrnt of Creditors.

Tolls m?y be let.

Leflcei of Tells may appoint t > r« iijits to re. ccive the kmc.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, shall afterwards be permitted to pass with every such Horse, Cattle, or Carriage Ti 11-free during such Day, through any of the said Turnpikes fur which such Person or Persons shall have so paid Toll once during such Day, which Note or Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the Toll.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which Meeting One Calendar Month’s Notice shall be given in such Newspaper or Newspapers as afure-said, and shall be affixed on ail and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be Handing on the said Road, from Time to Time to lessen or reduce all or any of the said Tolls, and also any additional Tolls, payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for Overweight, in such Manner as to them shall seem fit and convenient, for and during such Time as they the said Trustees (half think proper; and afterwards at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid, from Time to Time, if they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the several Rates granted by this Act, or now made payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force and EfTed with respect to Overweight: Provided nevertheless, that when the whole Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls shall not have been paid and discharged, such Tolls shall not be lessened or reduced without the Conient of the Person or Persons entitled to Five-fmhs of the Money remaining due upon the Credit of the said Tolls.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered at any Meeting, upon Ten Days Notice being given in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be standing on the said Road, to let or farm the said Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons at and for the largest yearly Sum that can be reasonable got for the fame, provided that the Leases, Contracts, or Agreements of or for the fame be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Person or Persons taking or farming such Tolls, and also by the said Trustees, but.the same shall not be let for more than Three Years at any one Time; and the Rent which shall be agreed to be paid for the said Tolls shall be made payable and shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, so that One Quarterly Payment of such Rent shall always be in Advance, or sufficient Security given for the Payment of such Rent to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in Default thereof every such Lease, Contraft, or Agreement, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof shall be leased, demised, or in Farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, ic shall and may be lawful to and for the Lessee or LefTces, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other P.rfons as he or they shall by Writing or Writings under his or their Hand or Hands authorize or appoint, to demand and take the said Tolls so leased, demised or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof to all Intents and Purposes as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said

Trustees

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 15, 20

Truces is hereby authorized and empowered to demand' take, and recover the fame; and such Ldfee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or other P r. f.n or Persons as aforesaid so demanding and t.king the said Tolls, shall be subjrft to the like Pains, Penalties,'and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions as any Collector' oi the said Tolls' appointed by the said Trustees is subject: or liable to.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Truflen miy and f >r the said Trustees from Time.ro Time to compound with any Per- Cum:,ouli<1» son or Persons for any Period of Time not exceeding One Year for any l loifes;

Beads, Cattle or Carriages, passing on the fold Road, or on any Partor Parts the eof, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of futh Hdrles,

Bead', Cattle, or Carnages passing and repaflingon the said Road , and all such Composition Money shall be paid in Advance One Quarter, or otherwise as the said Trustees shall appoint, and in Default thereof evtry such Composition shall be null and void to all Intents and Purpol'e-.

XVII. And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Power far Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the Roads font the Town of Leeds, through Harewcod, to the Ali t-> con-South West Corner of the htclosures of Harrowgate, and from thence in Twtr Vuof Benches (one through Ripley over Burage Green, and the other through ti c Gate anJ Knarr'/b rough and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the Fift

RtU of Water or Watercourse on Hutton Moor, in the Couhly cf Y ork, and L longing to for 1 epairing the Sloufis or Ruts on the said Moor: And whereas another the S'la£:-Act was palfed in tl e Twenty-ninth Year of his said late Majesty King "UJ George 1 he Second, intituled, yin Aid to explain and amend an Aid pdfed hi the Twenly-fish Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, i lit t tided/1 An Act for repairing the Roads from the down of Leeds, through HarevVo'otl, to the ‘ South West Corner of the Inclosures c/H?.rrowgate,_<z»a from thence in Two ‘ Branches (one through Ripley over Burage Gieen, and the other through

Knarefb >r >ugh and Boroughbridge) to Ripon, and from thence to thei'irjl

Kill cf Water or Waterccurfe cn Hutton Moor, in the County of York, and for repairing ibe Soughs or Ruts on the said Moor And whereas another Act wj' passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in i tied. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two rids of Parliament, one passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, ‘An Act for repairing the Roads from the

1 T wn of Leeds, through Harewood, to the South West Corner of the hich-‘ fiuefof Harrowgate, ar.dfrom thence in Two Branches (one thccugh Ripley ‘ over B irage Green, and the other through Knaretbaiough tfdrough-‘ bridge) to Ripon, and from thence to the First Rill of Water or V/atercourse

on Hutton Moor in the County of York, and for repairing the Sloughs or ‘ Ruts on ike said Moor and the other passed in the Twenty-ninth Tear of his said Majesty's Reign, to explain and amend the saidfirji-mentioned Act, with respect to thoft Parts of the said Roads from Harrowgate through Ripley and Ripon to the North Eft Corner of Hutton Moor, and from the East End of Kirby Hill Moor to the Town of Ripon aforesaid: And whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Three several Acts, pajj'edin the Twenty-fifth and T'wcntj-ninth

2 ears of the Reign of his late Majesty King Georgs the Second, and the Seven.

ILoc. y Per.] 3 F tee nth

2o6

Tntftees of this Road to allow a Part of their Tolls to the Trustees of the Hare-wood Road, for the Use of the Piece of Road from Leeds to Slieepfcar liar, and of the Toll Brr and Weighing Engine-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 1$.

ttenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads therein mentioned, so far as the fame Acts relate to the Road from the Town of Leeds through Hare wood, to the South We/l Corner of the Inclosures of Harrowgate, in the West Riding of the County of York: And whereas at the Point where the Road to be madd by virtue of this Act is intended to coriitnence, called Sheepfcar Bar, there is already erected by virtue of the said recited Acts a Turnpike or Toll Gate, and also a Weighing House ana Weighing Engine: And whereas it might be more convenienr to the Trustees acting in the Exe.u.ion of this Act, if they were authorized to make use of such Turnpike or Toll Gate and Weighing Engine, and if the Collectors of the Tolls appointed by virtue of the said recited Acts were to be authorized to receive and coll eft the Tolls authorized to be taken by virtue of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees acting in the Execution of the said recited Acts, to contract and agree with the Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, for the Use of the said Turnpike or Toll Gate and Weighing Engine; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees acting in ihe Execution of the said recited Acts, to permic the;r Collector or Collectors ro receive and collect at such Toll Gate the Tolls to be raised and collected by virtue of this Act, or such Parts thereof as the Trustees acting in the Execution of this Act shall order anddireft; and all Pe ions passing through the said Gate shall pay the Tolls to be demanded and taken by virtue of this Act, and all Carriages passing through the fame (ha 11 be subject and liable to be weighed at such Weighing Engine, as if the said Gate and Weighing Engine had been erected and built by virtue of this Act for the Purposes thereof; and such Toll Collector or Collectors shall and may and is and are hereby authorized and empowered to ule and exercise all and every the same Powers and Authorities whatsoever as he or they would have been entitled to use and exercise, and shall be liable to the fame Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures for Misconduct, as he or they would have been subject and liable to if he or they was or were acting under the Authority and had been immediately appointed by virtue of this Act, so as nevertheless that it shall not be competent for the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, or any Person or Persons for them or by their Authority, to dischargeor expel the said Toll Collector or Collectors from the said Toll Gate or the House thereto belonging, or to prevent him or them from continuing to act and be employed for the Trustees acting in the Execution of the said recited Acts.

XVII!. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall ami may be lawful to and for the said Trustees acting in the Execution of this Act, to make such Compensation to the Trustees acting in the Execution of the said recited Acts, as shall be mutually agreed upon bt tween such respective Trustees, as a Satisfaction for the Use of the said 'Poll Bar and Weighing Engine, and of the Road from Leeds to the said Bar, and for permitting the Collector or Collectors of the Trustees acting in the Execution of the said recited Acts, to collect such Tolls; such Satisfaction and Compensation not exceeding One-seventh Part of the clear Tolls, which shall be collected or received for and in respect of the said Road hereby intended or directed to be made (after deducting therefrom the necessary Expences of or Allowances for receiving the said Tolls) fu.h Fart or Proportion of the said Tolls to be paid within Twenrj-one Days after the same shall be from Time to Time received by the said Trustees under this Act or their Treasurer; and in Default of such 6 Payment,

207

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Payment, the same shall and may be recovered from the fftd Trullees, appointed by or in pursuance of this Act, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, in ary of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of the Treasurer of the said Road leading from Leeds through Hare, wood: Provided alwiys, that the Treafiler of the said Road leading irom Leeds through Haretoeod, shall and may at all reasonable Times inspect the Accounts and Books relating to the Tolls taken for or in respect of the Hoad hert by intended or directed to be made, so as to ascertain and satisfy himself of the Sum due and payable for and as such One-seventh Bart and Proportion of the said Tolls intended to be taken by virtue of this Att as afore laid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Dilute shall happen pOT settling about the Amount of the Tolls, or the Charges of making, keeping, or DKput felling any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person so diG xo'l" 4 training, to retain such Distress or the Money arising from the Sale thereof

(as the Case may happen) nil the Amount of the Tolls due and the Charges off the Distress and Sale and of keeping the Distress be ascertained by fe me Justice of the Peace for the said Riding or for the Borough of Leeds, in whichever the Cafes of Difpure shall arise, who upon Application ma le to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and also assess the Charges of such Dif-t..l and k<eping or Sale of the fame, and of the Collector’s Attendance for that Ptnpose upon the said Justice; all which Sums so determined or afielled (hab hejpatd to the said Coliettor before he shall be obliged to return the said Diltnfs or the Overplus, aftcrSale thereof or any Part thereof.

XX. And be it further emitted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Toll Bar Litigation I' allarile touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, the Kffp*tr*nt Person or Persons appointed to collett the fame, or any other Person or wheeffe*. Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not

be incompetent to give Evident e in any such Difpure, Suit, or Litigation by reason of his, her, or their being so appointed, or being paid to collett the Tolls, or atting or being paid to att under the Authority of the said Ttuitees.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, Penalty with any Hoise, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, pass through any Lands, pr"epff_ Grounds, or Hereditaments lying near any Turnpike or Toll Gace which laj-c.or shall be erected by virtue of this Act (the fame not being a public Highway) xul'is"8

or if any Owner or Occupier of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons, wich any Hotfe,

Cattle, Beast, or Carriage whatsoever, to pass through the fame; or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person or Persons, or so ge or counterfeit any Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, by this Att directed to be given, with Intention to evade cr wherthy the Payment of any of the said Tolls or any Part thereof may and shall be evaded; or if any Prison or Persons shall fraudulently pass through any such Turnpike or Tell Gate with any Hoise, Bead, or other Ca.tle, without Paymenc of Toll; or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Hoise, B.-<.ft, or other Cattle from any Carriage; or having passed through any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be eretted by virtue of this Att, shall afterwards add or

put

So8 48cG£ORGII III. Gap. 15,'

put an additional Horseor Horses,^Beast cr B acts, to such Carriage, vyicfi I tent to evade the Payment of the said Toll-; or shall leave or cause to be left, upon or near any Part of the said Roid any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or other Beads, with Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls or any Part thereof, or shall with such Intent unload any Goods from or ouc oi any Carriage, or in any other Manner whatsoever evade or attempt to evade the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, every Person lo offending Hull for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Exemptions XXII, And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or

trvm Toil. taken for any Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle going unladen for or being laden with or returning after having gone laden only wich any Materials for repairing the said Road, or any other Highway or Road ;'or for any Carriage or Cattle carrying any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, not sold or disposed of, but puffing to be laid up in the Houses, Ou'-houses, Barns, Yards, or Closes of the Owner or Owners thereof, or returning empty therefrom; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages going with or for any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry belonging to any of the Inhabitants of the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places therein, any Part of the said Road lieth; or for any Cattle going to or from Plough or Harrow; or for any Carriage or Cattle carrying any Lime, Marl, Dung, Mould, or Comport of any Kind whatsoever to be employed in Husbandry, or for manuring or (locking of Land, but for no other Purpose; or for any Horses or other Cuttle or Carriages employed in the conveying of any Person or Persons going to or returning from an Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of York, on the Day of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; or going to or returning on Sundays or any other Days on wh:ch Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, from any Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship, which shall be situate within the same Parish in which any Turnpike or Toll Ga,e shall be erected; or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any of the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places in which the fu d Road hereby directed to be made lies; or from any Clergyman going to perform or returning from his Duty at any Church or Chapel, or to or from vifuinghis sick Parishioners; or for any Cattle or Carriage employed only in carrying Corn to or Grift from the neared or such ocher Mill as shall be used by the Owners of such Corn respectively; or for any Carriages or Horses employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning from conveying or guarding the fame; or for any Horse, Ox, Cow, Sheep, or other Cattle going to or returning from any Pallure or Watering Place, or from being lhod or farried; or for any Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for any Iiurfes, Cattle or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers; or any lick, wounded, or enabled Officers or Soldiers; or for any Horles, Carts, or Waggons travelling with Vagrants sent by legal I’asses} and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Mare or Gelding, furnished by or for any Pufons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunte.-r Cavalry,

209

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

and rode by them in going to or returning from the Placre appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemptions as aforesaid j and if any Person shall by any fraudulent or colluflve Mann r whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, net being entitled to the Jame, such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXIir. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded br No Tolls for taken at any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Act on the Side or Sides of any Patt of the said Road, for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage which shall only cross the said Read, or shall not pass above one hundred Yards thereon, unless such crolling shall be with Intent to evade the Payment of Toll at any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and the Payment of such Toll would be thereby evaded,

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That Sit shall be lawful for the said Power to Trustees or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think fit upon the Credit of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act or any Part or Parts thereof, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to align over the said Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Turnpike Gates and Toll Housesfor collecting the fame (the Charges of such Mortgages or Alignments to be paid out of the said Tolls) to any Person or Persons for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for the Repayment of the several Sums that shall be borrowed, with the Interest thereof i which Alignment shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

DY virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-eighth Year of

*- the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act [/rf forth '£naicnt*

the Title of this Act] We of the Trustees

acting in the Execution of the said Act, in consideration of the Sum of

« , to the Treasurer of the said Road in Hand

paid by do hereby grant, bargain,

‘ iell and demise unto the said Executors*

Administrators, and Aligns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum advanced or to be advanced on the Credit

of the said Tolls, to be had and holden from the Day of

for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless

the said Sum of with lawful Inrereft for the fame, shall be looner repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals this

« Day of in the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages and Alignments shall be entered in a Bo k 10 be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees, but no Money shall be borrowed unless Notice be for that Purpose given in fmi:- Newspaper published or circulated within the said West Riding of the County of York, and also upon the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then Handing upon the said Road, at lead Fourteen Days before [Lee. $3* Fer.J 3G lhc

&IO

Form of Transi'er.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

the borrowing thereof; and all Mortgages or Assignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and tffeflual to all Intents and Purposes; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignmtnis shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, transfer their Right, Tife, Interest, or Benefit in and to the said Security, and the Principal and Imereti thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoevrr, by Indorsemenc on the Back of such Security in the Presence of One credible Witne’s; which Transfer shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

T Do transfer the within Mortgage, and all the Principal and Interest now doe thereon, unto ‘ Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Witness my Hand and Seal this Day of

All which Transfers shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money, in a Bock to be kepe for that Purpose, for which the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of One Shilling and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the respective Assignees or Persons to whom tire fame shall be made, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and every such Assignee shall and may in like Manner assign and transfer again, and so idles qurties, and it shall not be in the Power of any Person making such Alignment or Transfer afterwards to make void, release, or discharge the fame Security, or any Monies thereon due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Assignments, or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid, shall be, in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in resperst to the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or the Dates of such Mortgages or Assignments.

Application

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies arising by virtue and Money* of this Act shall be applied and disposed of by the said Trustee* in borrowed. Manner following (that is to say) in Payment of the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and in making and conltrudting the said Road, and repairing and amending the same, and in erecting Turnpikes and Toll Houses thereupon, and defraying the Expences from Time to Time attending the Execution of this Act, and in paying and keeping down the intercll of the Monies borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, and afterwards in paying off and discharging such Principal Monies, and to and for no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

Power to en-

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the and make said Trustees or any Five or more of them, and for their Surveyor

Ro.idi. or Surveyors and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle,

from Time to Time to enter upon the Lands and Grounds through which or whereupon the said Road hereby authorized to be made is intended to pass, and to Hake out and make the fame cf such Width and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think necessary or proper, without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, and without being subject or liable to ally Fine, Penalty, or Punishment for entering or continuing

upoa

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 15; 2U.

upor. any Part or Parts of such Lands or Grounds respectively for any of the Purposes of this Act, making Satisfaction to the Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds for the Damages that shall be done to the Lands or Grounds on the Sides of the said Road whilst the fame shall be making; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up, remove, or destroy any of the Stakes or other Marks used in laying out or making any such Road, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding F01 ty Shillings.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said rruft.es Trustees or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby fully author-

Tized and empowered to make and repair, and from Time to Time widen, K.uid. divert, fhcrten, vary, and alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road through any Waste Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands without making Satisfaction for the fame, and also through any private Grounds or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein for the Damages they shall fultain thereby, and for that Purposeit shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Nine or more of them to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees shall judge necefDry for the Purposes aforesaid, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Lois or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, cr altering the Course or Path of any Parc or Parts of the said Road through such Lands or Hereditaments; and ic shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Husbands, Guardians,

Trustees, or Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and cn behalf of their cestuique Trusts, whether Femes Covert, Infants, cr Issue unborn, Lunat;cks,

Idiots, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be feiled of or interested in their own Right, and ro and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, to contract with the said Trustees for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to sell and convey unto them all or any such Lands or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made shall be valid, to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politic, Corpora'e or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives,

Flufbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall lawfully do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XXVIII. And whereas a Map or Plan describing the Line of the said F(jr re(ll.3.n Road and the Lands through which the fame is to be earned, together i«g the irui". with a Book of Reference containing a List of the Names of the Owners *ro tie-and Occupiers of it ch Lands, have been deposited at the Office of the yo^'d tertlm Clerk of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York; be it D ft->' ci:» theretore enacted, That the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall icr,ta LJr"

remain the Wan, &c.

Si2 48 GEORGII III. £*>.i$.

r mi'n 'n 'he Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the Lid West Riding. Co the End that all Persons may at all seasonable Times have liberty to insped and peruse the fame, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pieffure, paving the Cletk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inipc&.cn, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words cf such Copies or Extracts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and that the said Trustees in making the said Road, shall not de.iate more than One hundred Yaids, of Three Feet ea h, from the Line defended in the said Map or Plan, without the Coif nc and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corpnra e or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Gtounds such Deviation shall be made: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to make the said Road, notwithstanding any Error or Omission in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said West Rtding. and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

Trustees miy

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may

*oad be lawful to and for the said Trustees to make the said Road into, through,

li'oumli, across, or over the several Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons who

Ow-"r?h ,he ’s or arc or ma^ ®wher or of Land over which the fame is set out

Name, are and described as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person

ret "i the or Persons may happen to be omitted in the said Book of Reference.

Book o! Re- 1 1 r

ference.

Where Per-

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Bodies Politic, Corporate re'Va oror Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in r iufet»r Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or

neat. Lives, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Exe-

cutors, or any other Person or Persons incerested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them, given or less in Writing at the Dwelling-house or Dwelling-houses, Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in possession of Lands or Hereditaments through which any Part of the said Road is intended to be made, widened, diverted, turned, or altered, shall for the Space of Thirty Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees, shall cause such Damage, Value, or Recompence to be inquired into and ascertained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said West Riding or Borough of Leeds, from the Neighbourhood of the Place were such Lands and Hereditaments do lie, and in order thereto, the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before such Jury and examine upon Oath all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined concerning the Premises (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to adini-nifter); and such Trustees shall by ordering a View or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of and assessrd such Damage and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so

a He (fed

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 15. 213

assessed by the Lid Jury to be paid to the said Owners or other Persons iiterested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of such Jury; and such Verdict or Inquifinon, Order, and Determination thereon, shall be final, binding, and comlufive to all Intents and Purposes against all Parties and Persons whomsoevtr claiming or to claim any Estate in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder in Fee, or in Fee Tail General or special, or for Life or Lives, or far Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or otherwise their Hdrs and Successors as well absent as present. Infants, Femes Coverts, Lunatics, Idiots, and Persons under any other Disabiliry whatsoever. Bodies Politic, Cor perate and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all and Tn.iWe to every other Person and Persons whomsoever; and for summoning and issue warrant returning such Juries, the said Trustees are hereby empowered to iHue to e 'wunief their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of York, requiring a jury, him to empannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons from the Neighbourhood of the Place where such Lands and Hereditaments lie, qualified to serve upon Juries, to appear before the said Trullees or any Five or more of them at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and such Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies is and are hereby required to empannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so empanneled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the Lid Trustees shall and are hereby empowered and required to swear or cause to be Ivvorn Twelve Men, who shall be a Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve, and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Trustees adding Trustees may in the Premises shall have Power from Time to Time to impole any reason- >mp°t= Fines able Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiff or j«,y^en.^’er Bailiffs, Agent or Agents making Default in the Premises and on any of witness=* the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and who ^ujcr,n&,?e' shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being sworn shall refulrto give, or shall not give, their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein contrary to thetruelntent and Meaning of this Act, andon anyofthePerionswhobeingrequired togiveEvi-dence before the said Jury, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and examined or to give Evidence, or shall otherwise wilfully mif onduct themselves in giving their Evidence, so that no One Fine be more than Five Pounds on any One Person lor One Offence.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Juries to Expeaces of be summoned and Ivvorn puiluant to the Directions or Authority of this wiwcfL'1 Act, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as how u> bs a Recompence or Satisfaction for the R'ght, Imerdt or Property of any Person or Persons in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees before the iummoning and returning of the said Jury or Julies, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any mch Right, Imerdt, or Property, or for any Loss or Damage as atoreLid, then and in such Case che Costs and Expences i-f Iummoning and maintaining the said Julyand Witnesses, and all other Expences ai-\_Loc. & Per.] 3 H tending

ai4 48° GEORGII in Cap. 15’

tending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall beb'rrie and p..id by the Treasurer to the said Trustees out of any Money which shall then be in his Hands, or out of any Monies to be received by virtue of this Act; but if any Jury or Juries so summoned and sworn as aforesaid flull give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessmentforno more or less Money th m shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, before the fumrrrn ng or returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a R compence and Satisf ftion for any such Righr, Interest, or Property in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or Losses or Damages as aforesaid, then the C fh and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and ‘WiinefT.s, and all other Expences as aforesaid, shall be borne or paid by ibe Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or D.fpute; which said Costs and Expences having been afeerrained and lettled by feme Justice of the Peace for the Riding, Division, or Liberty wherein the Caule of Dispute shall arile, not interest:d in ihe Matter in question (who is hereby required ro examine and settle the fame) shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Perlors, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment cr Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid upon Demand, afrtr being so ascercained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees by the Ways and Means hereinafter mentioned or provided for the Recovery of Penalties or Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Cafrs where any Person or Persons shall by Reason of Absence have been prevented from treating about such Recompence or Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

Money allowed for Lands, how to be charged or tendered.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money or Recompence to be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the 'lolls by this Act granted, or out of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, to the Party or Parties respectively entitled thereto or to their Agents; and upon Payment thereof, or in any case of Refusal to accept the fame, or the Parties not being to be met with upon leaving the lame in the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, for the Use of such Parties or Persons respectively, to be thereafter di£ posed of as herein-after directed; and after Four Days Notice thereof given to such Parties or Persons or to their Agents, or left at their respective usual Places cf Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments, then such Lands or Hereditaments shall be laid into arid made Part of the said Road in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, and shall be by them or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, fufHciently drained, ditched, fenced, and set out for that Purpose, and shall to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever become and be deemed and taken to be a Common Highway, and be from thenceforth Part of the said Road for ever thereafter.

Tfufleet not

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Power llouht or Authority by this Act given to the said Trustees shall extend to the taking down or injuring any Dwelling-houses or other Buildings, or to the taking in of any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk, or 6 Avenue

215

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Avenue to a House, or Plantation or Nurfcry of Trees, or of any Part or Parts thereof, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietor thereof and other Persons interested therein, first had and obtained.

XXXIV. And, whereas by re-ffon of the Purchases which the Paid Trustees are empowetd and required to make by virtue of this Act, or by reason of the diverting of some Part or Parts of the said Road, they may happen to be (cited of fame Piece or Pieces of Ground over and above what shall be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sell and dispose of such Pieces or Parcels of Ground, either together or in Parcels as they shall find most convenient and advantageous, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the fame: Provided always, that the said i'rustees, before they shall sell and dispose of any Piece or Pieces of Ground as afortfiid, shall offer the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have been purchased; or where the same shall arise by Reason of diverting any Part or Parts of the said Road, then to the Person or Persons whole Lands shall adjoin thereunto; and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree (except with respect to and on account of the Price thereof as hereinafter mentioned) or shall refute (except with respect to and on account of the P ice thereof) to purchase or rrpurchase the fame respectively, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master Ex'raordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding of the County oiTork or Barough of Leeds aterclaid (who are hereby respectively empowered to take the fame) by some Person or Persons noway interested in the said Piece or Pieces ol Ground, dating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was not then anJ thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shall be dearous of porchafing or re-purchasing the fame, and he, file, or they, and the said Trustees shall differ and not 3gree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Cate the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner hereinbefore directed with rrlpect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determi: ing such Differ.-nee shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein before duefted with respect to such Purchases made by the said Trustees mutatis mutandis , and the Money to ariie by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such Piece or Parcel of Road or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Non-application cf such Money.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purp of s thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as in this Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in cate the fame

Trustees cm*

to

fell Ground not warned for the Purposes ol this Act.

Persons whole Lands adjoin to have the Preference.

Application of Compensation Money if amounting to aoo 1*

45° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

fhft.1 aoitjvmti to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Spned(fete paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with; the Priwiiy of the Accountant General of the High Court cf Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex pt\r(e the Trustees for executing' this Adf, (to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be fighified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have, been entitled to the Kents and Profits oflthe fsiddLamh, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court lb all authorize to be p id, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses. Intents or Pmpifts; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which Hull be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall he existing undetermined and capable of taking Effcdl; and in the mean Time and until such Purchases shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Coure of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuides shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Cor.f. lidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled {to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

so»l.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money

ove so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the fame shall, at the Opik n of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rems and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under, their relpeOlive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the fame shalt be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trullees to be nominated by the Person ©t Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing

this

48" GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

tins Act ffurh Nomination and Approbation to be signified h Writing under th: Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applies in Manner liercin-before dir-'fled, lo far as the Case be applicable, wiih me obtaining or ben g required to obtain the Direction or Appioba- ion of the said Court ct Chancei v.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where loch A^pi-ation Money so agrteJ or awarded to be paid as next beiore mentioned, shall be leis than T wemy Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fa i e shall be applied to the Life of the Person or Pc-> finis, who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid in such M-oner as the said Tiufiees or any Five or more of them shall think fit j or in case of Infancy, or Lunacy, tlirn to his Her or their Guard an or Guardians, Committee or Commuters, to and for the CJfc and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled rcfjxctivcL. '

XXXVIII. And be it funht-r enacted, Tint in case the Person or Persons in case of not to whom any Sum < r Sun s of Money Hull be so ordered to be paid as Tiue,ns0lU aforesaid shall not be able to m ke a good Title to the Premifis, to the '

jSatist Ctiun of the said I rustees, or any Five or moie of them; or shall rtfule to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case such Person or Persons to whom inch Sum or Sums of Monty shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Per-Or if person* fons emiil-d to such Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not fo""'p*r-known or c.i'covered, then and in every such Calc it shall and may be hase Money lawful for the fad Trustees, or any Five or more of them,to order |,"e0«^dinl* the Paid Sum or Sums of Money lo award'd to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with t.x Privity of the Accountant General of the fain Court of Chancery, to be placed to his yfccount n> the Credit or the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [dtferibing the m] (ubj £t to the Order, Controul, and D,f- Subject to the position of the find Cuurr of Chancery, which said Court on the Order of the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum £"J^fyolr or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be Monpn or and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or other- reti"on. wile as to the lame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, or Paymei t of the Dividends tht rcof, according to the respective EfLteor Estates, Title or Intend, of the PcTon or Persons m iking Claim thceunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just an^ reaf untie; and the Cashier or Cadiiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Ule the lame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aiorvsaid.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any pfrp,amr Question shall atife touching the Title of any Person to any Muncy u>fp*tej to be pa>d into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of T‘tlc*

[Lor. If Ftr ~\ 31 the

218 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements crHereditamenu, to be purchased in pursuance thereof or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Intrrtft of any itn h Bank Annuities,’ the Person or Persons who shall have been in PuflefTion of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Person9 claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled, to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such PofielTion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and cilposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person o Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest hetein.

The Court

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by schwwr reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Cor-UieVavTeVt poration entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be pur-of Expencet. chafed under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the lame shall be required to be paid into the said Court and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be iettled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful (or the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Tinre to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Cods arid Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trviftecs, or any Five or more of them, who shall from T me ro Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court ihalldireft.

Mines re-

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Mines of ownm'of1'* ^"oa* anc* other Minerals and Foffils whatsoever winch shall be discovered

Lands? of found in or under any Lands to be appropriated to the said Road by virtue of this Act, shall be and are hereby reserved to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who would have been seised of or entitled to the lame in case this Act had not been made, with Liberiy for him or them, or his ot their respective Agents or Servants to dig for, mine, and work the fame, in such Manner as is usual for carrying on Works of that Kind, in the Riding or Place where such Coal or

other Minerals shall be found, and in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Land had not been taken and appropriated for the Purposes aforesaid,

so that in the wot king of such Mines no Damage shall be done to the said Road.

Fcr getting Mat'-riils to repair the Kuad.

XUr. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and to and for all such Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, to search for, cut, dig, g t, gather, and takeaway any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel. Sand, or other Materials for makng and repairing the said Road, out of and from »ny Common or Waste Ground, River* Brook, or Pit in any Pa-ilh, y Township,

4.8° GEORGII in CapA$. Jii9

Township,. Hamlet, Division, District, or Place in which any Part of the Road hereby oirected to be made, amendtd, md repaired shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, D vision, District, or Place, without pa' ing any Thing for the tame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons ac ing by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarried levelling the Ground, or doping down the Banks where such Maemls shall be taken, or rating cr fencing off such Pits or Quarries, lo that the lame nny rot be dangerous to Paf-lengers or Cattle, and also that lu h Surveyor or Surveyors or other Person or Persons as aforesaid may (except as hereinafter excepted) by Order of the said Trustees (such Order to be made at tome Meetiitg of the Truf-toes to be holde.-i in pursuance of this Act, and a G pV thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, attested and signed by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees) search for, cut, dig, gather, and take away any such Materials asatoreliiid in, off, from, and out of the private Linds, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Pcions where the fame may be had or found (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Oichard, Yard, Park,

Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nurlcry for Tree,) making or tendering such Satisfaction for the la ne an ! for any Damages done thereby, to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the lame or any oilier Materidls for making and repairing the said Road shall be carried according to their respective Rights and Imerefts in such Ground, 3S the said Trustees shall adjudge reasonable *, and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers or any of them, concerning the Value of such Materials and Damages, it shall and may be lawful 10 and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Place where such Materials shall be so cur, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away, on Ten Days Notice thereof in Wricing being given by either Party to the ocher, or left at their r fprftive Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Dimages, and the Judgement or Order of the said JufLces shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XLIII. Provided neverth-less, and be it enacted, That it shall not be No'iceto be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors or other Person or Persons acting given to oc-under the Authotiiy of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away Lamtlbefore any Materials for repairing such Road out of or from any inclosed Lands Materials are or Grounds, until Notice in Wric;ng signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors ^4"’*. shall have been given to the Owner and Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left fur such Owner and Occupier at their rel’peftive usual Places of Refidmce, to appear before the said Trustees or Two or mote Justices of the Peace acting for the County,

Riding, or Place where such Premises shall be situate, to fhciv Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Ground^; and in case such Owner or Occupier or One of them or their or his Agent, shall attend pursuant to such Nonce, but shall not ftiew sufficient Cause to the contrary, or shall not underrake as herein-after mentioned, or having entered into such Undertaking shall fail in the Execution thereof, then and in either of the said Cales the said Trustees or such Justices shall or may authorize such Surveyor or Surveyors or other Person or Persons to dig,

i get,

220

4.8* GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 15.

get, gathtr, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Time* as to the said T uft-res or furh Justices shall seem proper; and if such Owner or Occupier shall neglefV or retofe to appear by himself or Ins Agent, the said T< uftees or such J.dtices shall and may make such Order therein as they r-Tprtt vely shall think fir, as folly and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Owner or Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if any such Owner or Occupier cr his Agent having had such Notice as aforesaid, and appearing before the said Trusttes or Justiers of the Peace, shall then and there undertake to cut, dig, ger, and gather out of such his private Lands, Fields, or Grounds as aforesaid, by Means of his own Workmen or mmr Servants or otherwise, all such Materials as by virtue of this Act the said *nd to deliver Trustees or Justices would otherwise for such Undertaking be authorized Sor« '°lh' to cmP0Wfr such Surveyor or Surveyors or other Pirfuns to dig, ger, and aPricewfce gather from, and out the iame, and to drlivtr the lame in a reasonable paid. Time and at a reasonable Rate of Payment (the Value of the Land damaged

as well as the Materials, and the digging ant! tring of the lame being taken into Consideration) to be then anti there settled and affixed by the said Trustees or Justiers, !uch Delivery to be made on the Spot where such Materials shall be digged for or collected, to be by such Surveyor or Surveyors taken and canied away fur ihe Purposes of this Act, that then and until Default shall be made by such Owner or Occupier in respect thereof, it shall not be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors or other Person or Persons, to come or fend any Person or Persons, upon such private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of such Owner or Occupier as aforesaid, for the Purpose of cutting, digging, getting, or gathering such Materials from out the fame; and in case such Owner or Occupier shall be dlffatisfkd with the Rate of Payment which shall be settled and affixed by the said Trustees cr Justices for such Material as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Rate of Payment shall be settled and affixed by Two other Justices of the Pease, in like Manner as is hereinbefore provided in case of the said Surveyor or Surveyors entering the private Lands or Grounds of any such Owner or Occupier as aforesaid for the Purpose of digging, getting, or gathering such Materials as aforesaid.

For rflbiving the Owner ©1 Occupier of Lands, where Material* for the Road a ip to be taken, to

penalty on

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who-tiking away soever shall take away any Stone nr Materials which shall have been dug Swlgcwby or gathered by or by the Order of the said Surveyor or Surveyors for the Ortier of the Purpose of making or amending the said Road or any Part or Parts Surveyor. thereof, or shall get or takeaway any Stone, Gravel, or Materials out of any Pit 01 Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of gening such Materials for amending the said Road or any Ptc or Parts t-ereot, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors or his or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground whciein such Pit or Quarry shall have been so made, and Persons amhoriz>-d by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Use only and n t fur Sale) every Person lo offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Odence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Surveyors to

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to niaxe Dr-lni, and for tj,e laid Surveyor or Surveyors, and to and for any Person or Persons whom he or they shall appoint by Order of the said Trustees, to cut

and

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 15. 221

and make any causeways, or Footpaths rpon the Sides of the said Rotul, or to rut Drains or Ditches PrtU.pt or into any Landi or Grounds a !-joining or lying contiguous to 'ny Part of the said Raid, or to erect Bridges over any Drains or'W t rcoi.rfes, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall de. m and judge necessary and proper for amending or ketping in Repair any Pm of the'laid Road, and also to make a Way or Ways through die Loads ant} Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Pm or Parts of the said Road (not being a Garden, Orchard,

Park, Ya d, Paddock, planted Walje, or Avenue to any Hous’e, or any inclosed Ground planred or let apart as a Nursery for IVes) to be made use of as a public Highway whilst the narrow or ruinous Parrs of the said Road are widening or repairing, artl until the fame (half be convenient and safe for the Passage ot Travellers and Carnages, making such reason- ’ aMe Sai^sfadlion to die Owners and Occupiers of Inch Lands respectively r^bif s*s. through and into which any such Drain shall be cur, or on or over which feetba. any inch Temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which fuel}

Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may thereby sustain, as shall -;

be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees; and in cate any Difference in case of shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers and such Trullees touching enco'iu!ia-j such Damage, then and in such C..fe the Justices of the Peace at the First insertions to General or Quarter Seffi /ns of the Peace to be holden for the West Riding <'*«

of the said County of York, next after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Time of doing such Damage, shall and are hereby authorized and required to hear, settle, and determine the fame, and their Determination therein shall be final and conclusive.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Surveyor* to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint (by Direction and under the Hands of any Five or more of the said Trustees) from Time to Time to remove and prevent ail Annoyances on any Part or P.irts of the said Road by Rails, Steps,

Sign Polls, or other Nuisances, and to turn or flop any Watercourlcs,

Sinks or Diains running into, along, or out of any Part of the said Rotd to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the fame a> large and deep as he or they shall think proper, and to tlranfe any Duch or Watercomfe next adjoining to any Part of the said Road, and to cut down, lop, or top, any Trees or Bushes growing in any Parr of the said Road, or in the Hedges or Bulks adjoinirg thereto, in case the Prrlon or PeiLns orcafioning such Annoyance, or who ought to remove the Lme, or to cleanse fuel»

Ditch or Watercourse, or to cut down, lop, or top such Trees or Bushes,

IlialI rtfule or neglect so to do for the Space ot Ten Days next alter Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the reasonable Charges whereof shall be reimborl'ed to the said Siutveyor or Surveyors by the Person or Persons relufing or neglecting as aforesaid; and in cale any such Person shall not upon Demand pay and tcimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Dl.liref? and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Prrfott in like Manner us is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery Of any mher Penalty inflicted by this Act; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyance:, any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every such Person shall for [Loc. y Per.] 3 K ' t vcjry

Road ro '>e mca»i;rrd and Mileltoi.rs Guide Volts tiCwied.

Penalty on dama. m6-liicm.

Penalty for riling on Footpaths, fee.

cvciy lucU Offence, over and above t'uch Chaigcsas afortfsaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety wheteof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, I

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cause the said Road to be measured, and Milestones to be set up at or near the Sides thereof, at the Distanre of One Mile from each other, wjrh Inferiptions rhenon denoting the Number of Miles and Dilb n-e of Places, as the said Trustees shall think fit, and also Ciule to be erected Guide Port's upon tuch Parts of the said Road where ihe lame are eroded or joined by other Road1, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, injuir, drrtiov, obliterate, or deface any Table of Tolls, Miieftone, or Fort erected on a>y Part of the said Road, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Ma k, inl'cribed thereon, or shall wilfully break, throw down, or injure any S one or Stones, or Parapet Wall or Walls on the Side or Sides of any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, on any Fart or Parts of the Lid Road, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Table of Tolls, Stone, Port, Parapet Wall and Arch so broken, thrown down, injured, or destroyed, or on which any f.eiters, Figures, or Marks shall be so obliterated or defaced, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied fur the Purposes of this Act.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall skilfully or negligently injure, destroy, break down or otherwise damage, or shall ride on or drive or lead any Horse, Beall, Catrle, or Carriage over or upon any Footpath or causeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Road; or if any Driver cf any Waggon or other Carriage, shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Ports or Stones which may be erected for the Security of the said Footpaths or causeways; or if any Person or Persons shall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Road, or in ploughing shall turn any Horse or other Beast drawing any Plough upon any Parc of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Pei lou or Persons shall ferape off any fvlud, Soil,or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Road with a iy Instrument, so as to damage the said Road or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall hale or draw or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the fatci Road any Tree or Piece of Timber, nr any Stone (otherwise than upon Wheeled Carriages) or shallfuffer any Parc of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone which shall be carried upon a WneeU ed Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or S vine upon the said Road shall suffer the same to root up or' damage the said Road or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Bankings, or Copse on either Side thereof; or if any Person or ILrlons fh .11 Pave or suffer any Cattle, Sheep, or Beast to be and rein on loose on the said Road; or if any Person driving any C 'ach, Chaise or Waggon, Ca t or other Carriage upon the said Ro d, 3nd inert ng a lO'her Coach, Chaiie, Waggon, Cart, or odvr Cat rage, shall not keep hu C i*-- *7 nage

22

G-cOi^Cj li 111. Gap. 15-

*iage on the left or near Bide of the Hid Road; or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any oth r Person or Persons from passing him, her, or them upon the said Road, or thr Coach, Chaifir, Waggon,

Cart, or other Carriage under his, her, or their Care; or if any Person shall make or affill in m king any Fire or Fires whatsoever, or shall let fire to, or let off, or throw any Squ b, Rocket, Serpen', or Firework whatsoever on any Part or Parts of the said Road; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cirt, or other Carriage, or any Plough,

Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry (without some reasonable Cau!e to be allowed by the Justice of the Peatc before whom the Person so offending shall be Communed or conveyed in order to hisor her Conviction, and (are and except with regard to.such Waggon, Wain, Caic, or other Carriage, during such reasonable Time as the lame shall be loading or unloading, and (landing as near to the Side of the said Road as conveniently may be) in, upon, or on the Side of the said Road, cither with or without ny Pf rfe or Be-afi; of Draught harnessed Gr yoked thereto-, or if any Person shall lay any Piece of'limber, or any Stones, Bricks, Hay,

Straw, Lim-% Dung, Manure, Soil, llubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever on any Pait of the said Road or on the Side or Sides thereof to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Annoyance, Inconvenience, or Prejudice of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall for every Rich Offence forfeit and pay ’ any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault, p5,ntjlty on interrupt or hinder, or cause to be assaulted, interrupted or hindered, the E«custon any Collector of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any of this Act. other Person or Persons, by them or any of them, or by the said Trusttfes employed in the Execution of this Adf, every such Person shall for every- such Offence forfeic and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

i . . v

LI. And be it further enacted, That all the Inhabitants of the several Town(llj Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts, or Places through which the said to be liable intended Road shall pats, shall be liable to the Repair of such Parts of the to Repaiis. find intended Road- as are within their respective Parifiles, Townships,

Hamlets, 'District, or Places, in such and the same Manner as they are liable to the Repair of any other Highway within the same,

' n ’:

LIT. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Personithap*. Law are liable to do Statute1 Work on any, part of the Roads within the ante to statute Parishes, Townships, or Places through which, the knd Road or any Part ,^,rekt*0 co"' thereof, passes, shall be liable to do the lame on the said Road, and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace Justicei tn for the said West Riding of the County of York, and they are hereby re- difference, quired and empowered upon Application made to them by the said Truf- touching tees or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order Yearly to adjudge Statute Wcrk. and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the rcipetfive Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the High-

ways

4

j(jj,. 4.S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

ways Of every such Parish or Place, irr lie u of or as a Compofxion for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them piid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to furnmon the Surveyor oj- Surveyors of th.- Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lfts odore such Justices ac some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days af.er the ft-rving of such Summons) or the Names of die levi rat P.-rlons who within such Parish or Dave aie by Law Subject and liable to do Staiute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Wt rk, distiogunning the N tuie of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draught* or otherwise, and alft) the Amount of the respective Sums to he lo pci i, which Lifts of Names shall be made in Manner and under loch Regulations and Recti jettons as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Fome and Effect for the Repairs of the public Highways, and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so mivy of the Persons wno shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think rea'onablr, and the same shall be done on such Days and ac such Times (not bring Hay Time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Road as the la d Tfuftccs or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who determined by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Sta utc Wotk as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, a- such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct y and in Dvfaulc of Payment thereof the same shall and may be iccovered by Diltr fs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Periun who shall neglect or reticle to cio Itech Statute Work as aforesaid, alter Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last. or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horie or HoilVs, B.-sft or Beasts, to be provided by him, her,or them, Ik subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forleiiures as such Person or Personsmay be subjeifT or liable to by any Law or Scatute in Force anti F ff &for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be lent with any Team or Draughc to work on th^ laid Road, shall be toundidlc or negligent by any Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Pe'lon fending such Labourer, Team, or Diaoghr, shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if such Team or Draughc had not been sent to work - - 1 on

22$

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

oq any Pjrts of the salt! Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said 1 rustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in c..fe the said Surveyor or Surveyors oi the H'ghway for any of the said P.uithes or Puces, shall refule or wiluliy negl- d to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in falle or imperfect Lifts, every such Su- veyor or Surveyors so offending Owl for every such Offence forfeit and pay ar.y Sum not exceeding l'ive Pounds.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any P if nor Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by them done on the said Road or any Part thereof, and also with Me Inha bitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Road shall lie, and be situate, or with the Surveyor of the Highways for such Pa.iihes or Places, in which the said Road shall lie and be situate, or with the Surveyor of the Highways for such Parishes or Places, duly authorised for that Purpose at a public Vestry, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Trustees, in Advance, on or before the Tenth Day of May, in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall and they are hereby authorized and required, from and immediately after the said Road shall be completed, to (hut up and discontinue or cause to be (hut and discontinued, a certain Lane belonging to the said Earl Coivpcr, called Mill Lane, leading out of the Turnpike Road from Leeds through Hare-wood, past the Mill at the Bottom of the said Lane, towards and unto the Harebills or Harebills Lane; and also a certain Footpath leading out of the said Turnpike Road from Leeds through Hare-wood acrufs a Paiture called Squire Pajl.ire, belonging to the said Earl Cowper, and from thence past the said Mill to the said Harebills or Harebills Lane (wh ch said Lane and Fouipa'h will, if this Act should pass into a Law, become uleless and unncccssary).

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or mere of them (h ill and they are hereby authorized and required, from and immediately after the Completion of the said Road, tofhut up and discontinue or cause to be (hut up and discontinued a certainFootpath leading from and out of the said Harebills or Harebills Lane unto or towards Red Hall in the Township of Shadwell, in the Parish of Thomer, in the said West Riding (which laid Footpath will, if this Act should pass into a Law, also become ufeleft and unncccssary).

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall and they are hereby authorized and required, from and [Loc. £sf Per.~\ 3 L immediately

Trustees may compound for Statute Wok.

For (hutting up a Certain Lane and Footpath, the Property of Earl Cow per.

For (hutting up a Footpath leading from Hare-hills to Ked Hall.

For (hutting up another L ne in Itouudhajs.

226

Power to compel Pay. it'-n'lif *ub. lcnpuons.

For ftcuri-ig

transient

Offenders.

Actions to be brought in the Nome of the Tieafuter

48* GfcOUGII III. Cap. 15.

immediately after ih- said Road shall be completed, to flint u^> and drf-comimie a certain Road or Lane, commencing tac or near a certain F 'rm Moufetn Roundbay aforesaid, now in the Occupation of James Mallerie, and extending from thence to the South Corner of a Close of Land also in Roundbay aforesaid, called Lodge Hill, near Red Hall aforesaid (which said Lit mentioned Road or Lane will, if this Act fliotlld pass into a Law, become uielcfs and unneerflary).

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who have subscribed to pay any Money towards making and repairing the said Road, shall and hr, (he, and they is and are hereby required to pay his, her, and their Subscription Money to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, at such Tune or Times as shall be rppointed by the said Trustees; and if any such Subscriber shall neglect or refuse to pay such Money as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to sue for and recover the fame by Action at Law in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

LVIII. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to put this Act into Execution; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any.of the said Trustees or their Clerk or CInks, or the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding or District near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, or such Offender or Offenders seized and apprehended, and such justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at some Petty Sessions to be holden within and for the said West Riding or Distncd in which such Offence or Offences shall have been commit! d, to answer the said Complaint-, and the Justices present at such Petty Seffior.s, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized ard required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a luminary Way, and upon Convidfion of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, ftie, or they shall be fiift taken, or by the Justices at such Petty Sefitons as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House of Coiredfion of the same County, Riding or District, there to remain for any T nu not exceeding Twenty-one Days, unless he, ftie, or they shall foot er pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be (ucd in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any One of the said Trustees on Behalf of the said Trustees,

and

48° GEORGII III. Cap. t$.

and no such Action shall aba:e or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whole Name or against whom the same shall be brought or commenced, nor by the Act of such Person or Persons, without the Consent of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them at a Meeting held in puTfuance of this Act; buc no Inch Treasurer, Clerk, or i'ruf-tee, or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any Costs or Expences on account thereof, but all such Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, collected or received by the said Trofteet.

LX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by virtue of this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where the Offence shall be committed (which "Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confrffion of the Party or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath, and which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) and the Overplus (it any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress; and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not hereinbefore directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case fi.fficient Distress shall nor be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of such County, Town, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than One Calendar Month, unkfs such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be founer fully paid and satisfied.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That for the more speedy Conviction of ail Offenders against this Act, all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons fi-.all be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Convictionto be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following:

") T3E it remembered. That on the *" J D in the Year of our Lord

Day of

and in

of His Majesty's determined by viitiie"of an Act of the Year of the Reign of His Majesty is convicted before Justices of the Peace for the Parliament made and passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled {here set forth the Title cfthjs AT, emdfpecify the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame was committed.'] Given under my [or, our] Hand and Seal [or Hands and SealsJ the Day and Year fjrft before written.

227

or ClerV, or of Trustees.

who are not to he liable to the Payment of Costs

Recovery and

Application of Penalties.

Direciinj the Form of Conviction.

8

LXII. Fro-

228

Appeal.

riftrefi net to be unlawful for want of Form.

Proceedings n< t to b! (piaihtd lor want of

Form-

Notice of Action to be jived, Plaintiff not to recover after Tender of Amend!

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

LXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons tliatl think bimfeU, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing dtne in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Fcrlons may appeal to the Justices of the Pc. ce at the Fud General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be huldrn for the Second Division of the faiu West Riding of the County of York, 1 cat after ti e Exp.ration of One Calendar Month from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing haying fiift gi-en Twenty-one Days Notice at lead of his, her or their Intention to bring futh Appeal and of the Matter thereof to the Treasurer or Treasurers or Clerk to the said Trustees, and within Four Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before fomejudice of the Peace for such County or Placr, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal and abide the Order thereof, and to pay such Cods as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Jut ticcs in such Sessions, upon due Pioot of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein and to award such Coifs to either of the Parties or otherwif.- as they Hull judge proper; and the said Justices may if they fee Caulc mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may also order such further Satisf cfion to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be Anal, binding, and condusive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Didrefs shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Dif-tref- itfdf shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Notice, Information, Summons, Conviction, War'ant of D.d.efs, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties diduined be deemed a TreipafTer or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so didraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, Judgment, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any of the Mutters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ of Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Weflmirfitr, any I.iw or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action signed by the

Attorney

4$° GEORGII, IIJ. , Cfl^ 15. 239

Attorney for the Plain tiff or Plaintiflfs, specify ing the Cause of such Ax;tipij* nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action if Tender of luffir-ient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her* or their Attorney, by or on behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before and ifno such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, Tender, Mo-it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any "afdTnto such Action, by Leave of the Court after such Actioifi shall have been Court, brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court Rich Sum of Motley as he, she, or they shall think fit, Whereupon* such Proceedings,

Order and judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Courr.

* i io v . i;

LXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit Limitation of shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in Actions, pursuance of this Act after Six Calendar Months next after the Face committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of York and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead at his or their Eltftion specially, or the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter ^eune"l! in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was lawfully done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Vtrdift, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her; or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law;

LXVlt. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of S1^"*'* the said TrufTes shall be regularly entered in a Book or Books to be kept J Truifcef* {or that Purpose, and fi jned by the Trustees present at the Meeting or to be entered Meetings at which such Orders shall from Time to Time be made or kept ibr ° Proceedings shall be had, or the major Part of such Trustees; and that shall'urpose, such Book or Books {Hall be opened at all ftasonable Times for the Inflection of any of the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this and the Ori-Act, without Fee or Reward and such Entries being so signed shall be copi*»°the r deemed Originals, and the famtf or true Copies thereof shall be admitted as olio be Evidence thereof in all Courts whatsoever. Evidence.

[Public Act.]

LXV1IT. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place on the Second Tuefdajnext after the passing thereof, and shall

Continuance

[Lee. Ss9 Per.} 3 M be«f,heA«.

30

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

be in Force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty, one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

- 4H|H|t*tt*m*W*

Cap. 16.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Minera, in the Parish of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh.

[28th March 1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the Township of Minera, in the Parish of Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, divers Commons and Waste Lands, containing in the whole Four hundred and eighty Statute Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is seised of or entitled to the Soil and Seigniority of the said Commons and Waste Lands, as Part of the Revenues of the Principality of Wales: And whereas John Evans, in Right of Mary his Wife, is entitled to Four-fifth Parts or Shares of all the Tvches or Tenths of Corn, Grain, and Hay, yearly arising, growing, and renewing within the said Township of Minera, for and during the natural Life of the said Mary \ and George Kenyon Esquire, and Jane Ben-nion Widow, are entitled to the Reversion thereof as Tenants in Common, subject only to the Life Estate of the said Mary, the Wife of the said John Evans: And whereas William Davies Shipley Clerk, Master of Arts, Dean of Saint Jfaph, and Vicar of the PariQi and Parish Church of Wrexham, is in Right of Inch Vicarage entitled to the Remainder of the said Tythes; And whereas James Topping Esquire, William Lloyd Esquire, John Jones Esquire, Hugh Meredith Esquire, and several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Tenements, and Lands, within the said Township, and in respcdV thereof, claim Right of Common over and [Loc. S3* Per.'] 3 N upon

234

General Inclafure Act.

Ut'lity nf luclofare.

Commi (Honer.

Surveyor,

for appoint* ing a new Commissioner and Surveyor in case of Death, Uc.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

upon the said Commons and Waste Lands in proportion to their several Estates within the said Township: And whereas an Act was pafifed in the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for

consolidating in One Ail certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Ini lo-sure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the everal Fails usually required an the passing of fitch Acts: And whereas the said Commons and Waste Lands are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement; but it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested therein if the fame were divided, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the respective Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein according to their respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed: But such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament , May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ind by the Authority of the same, That all the said Commons and Waste Lands shall be set out, divided, allotted, and inclo« fed, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, by Josiah Boydell, of Keelhendtr in the County of Salop, Gentleman, who is hereby appointed Commissioner for setting out, dividing, allotting, and inclosing the fame, and for carrying this Act into Executionsubject nevertheless to the Rules, Orders, and Directions, mentioned and contained in the said recited Act, except in such Cases where the fame aie hereby varied or altered.

II. And be it further enacted, That Richard Jebb, of Oswestry in the County of Salop, Land Surveyor, shall be and he is hereby appointed the Surveyor to act in the Execution of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That if the said Joft ah Boydell and Richard Jebb, or either of them, or their or either of their respective Successors, shall die or become incapable of acting, or refuse to act as Commissioner or Surveyor as aforesaid, or shall, for the Space of One Calendar Month neglect to act in his respective Office before this and the said recited Act is completely executed, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the major Part in Value (such Value to be ascert.iined by the Land Tax Assessment) of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the Lands dnd Grounds hereby directed to be set out, divided, allotted, and inclosed, or their known Agents or Attornies, who shall be present at a publick Meeting t) be held for that Purpose in pursuance of Notice in Writing, signed by one or more Proprietor or Proprietors, to be affixed upon the principal Outer Door of the Parish Church of Wrexham aforesaid at lead Fourteen Days before such Meeting, to appoint a new Commissioner and Surveyor in the room of the said Josiah Boydell and Richard Jebb, or either of them, or their or either oi their respective Successors, as shall die, refuse, nesleft, or become incapable to act as aforesaid, and so from Time to Time as often as Occasion, may require; and every Commissioner and Surveyor lo to be appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and shall be subject to the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the Person in whose Place he shall be appointed wafe veiled with, and subject to, by virtue cf this Act.

4^ GEORGII III. Cap. 16. 235

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and Commissionrr he is hereby required to cause publick Notice to be given in Writing to *® u'su-in'* be affixed on the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Wrexham or Attcndan-aforesaid, and inserted in one of the Chester Newspapers, in case any such

shall be then printed, or in ary other Newspaper which may be circulated in the fai l County of JDenbigh) of the Time and Place of the first and every other Sitting or Attendance of the said Commissioner, at lead Ten Days before any such Sitting or Attendance (Sittings or Attendances by Adjournment only excepted) and all which Sittings or Attendances shall be held at Wrexham aforesaid, or wirhin Eight Miles thereof; and in case the Commissioner shall not be present at the Time and Place appointed for such Sittings or Attendances, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Person who shall act: as Clerk to the said Commissioner to adjourn the same to any future Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days from the Day of Adjournment; and such Clerk shall give Notice of such Adjournment to the said Commissioner.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, and he Commissioner is hereby authorized and empowered to appoint a Clerk, to assist him in citrk.Pl>0 nt the Execution of the Powers of this and the said recited Act.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices other Noti-necessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioner, C;y’£owtobe shall be so made and given by Advertistments to be inftrted in one of the 6

said Chester Newspapers, or, in case the lame shall not be then published, then in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Denbigh.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall Commissioner arise between the Parties interested in the said Division or Inclosure, or fefences, D any of them, touching or concerning the respective Shares, Rights, or Interests which they or any of them now have, or claim to have, in or to

the said Commons or Waste Lands in Minera aforesaid, touching the respective Shares or Allotments which they or any of them ought to have of or in the fame respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered to hear and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act: contained shall authorize the said Commissioner to determine the Title to any Messuages, CoctJges, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioner commissioner shall, upon the hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, toaffen CofU. Objection or Objections, to be delivered to him in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and sward such Costs and Charges as he shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any such Determination shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay any such Costs and Charges,

shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby au honzed and required, by Warrant under his Hand directed to any Person or

Persona

*36 . 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

Persons whomfcever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the lame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

Allowing Par-

IX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That in case any rheirVniti Person or Persons interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended at Law.° Division and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioner touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands, cr of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be set out, divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law relative to the Matter so determined by the said Commissioner, at the then next Great Sessions for the County of Denbigh, in calc the same shall not be holden within Three Calendar Months after such Determination, but if the next Great Sessions for the said County shall be holden within Three Calendar Months, then at the following Great Sessions to be holden for the same County; and for that Purpose, such Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Dct-rmin tion of the said Commissioner, shall cause an Action to be brought, upon a feigned Issue or I (lues, against the Person or Persons in whole Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioner, and shall also, within One Calendar Month after such Determination, give Notice in Writing to the said Commissioner of his or their being so dissatisfied; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, die, and they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, andexcepc such-Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled upon may be tried and determined, (such Issue or Ilfues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced, in cale the Parties shall differ about the fame) , and the Verdictt or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final.binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whotnsoever, unless the Cou t in which such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verd ds, and order a new Tiial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cafes; anti after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Cuurr, the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required to ad in confo mity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined* according to the Event of such Trial or Trials, which Allowances and Dil-allowances shall be final and conclusive on all Partirs. and the Costs of such Act on or Actions shall abide and follow the Event thereof, and be paid and recoverable by Execution, in the same Manner as other Colls are paid and recoverable in the said Cuurr, unless the Judge or Judges bef re whom such Action or Actions shall be tr.ed shall certify on the Record that the said Claim or Objection respectively, again!! which the Verdict or Verdicts shall be found, was a realunable and probable Claim or Objection, and fit or proper to be tried at Law, in which Cafe the Colts, of the Par;y so making such u.nfuccefsful Claim or Objection, and of the 3 ' othet

237

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

ether Party respectively, shall be deemed and taken as Part of the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, and borne and defrayed as is herein provided in respect of such Expences: Provided always, that in case the Determination of the Paid Commissioner, touching such C airn or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands, or other Rights or Incerefts in, over, and upon the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be set out, divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting shall not cause such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in within the Time and in Manner herein for that Purpose afpointed, such Determination shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the Par- A^ioni not ties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending p^eniing* the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be pro- of commis-ceeded in as if no such Event had happened; and that no such Difference, 1'oner-Action, Suir, or Proceeding as aforesaid, nor any Difference, Suit,

Action, or Proceeding, touching or concerning the Title to any Lands,

Tenements, or Hered taments, shall impede, delay, or hinder the said Commissioner from proceeding in the Execution of che Powers vested in him by the said recited Act and this Act, but the said Division and Allotment shall be proceeded in notwithstanding such Differences, Suits,

Actions, or Proceedings-, and the Lid Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required, by proper Matks and Bounds, to set out the Lands and Grounds which shall be allotted for or in respect of such litigated Property, so that the fame may bedistinguished from any other Lands or Grounds, and may be had and taken by the Person or Persons who, upon the Determination of such Difference, Suit, Action, or Proceeding shall be entitled to the same.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor General of His p0*e,- forth* Majesty's Land Revenue for the Time being may from Time to Time, by Crown to Writing under his Hand, nominate and appoint anAssistant Commissionerto Assistance*" carry this Act intn Execution as far as relates to His Majesty's Rights and Commissioner. Imerefts to and in the said Commons and Waste Lands, and such Assistance Commissioner, before he proceeds to the Execution thereof, fluff take the lame Oath as the Commissioner hereby appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, is required to take; and such Assistance Commissioner shall be paid at the Rate of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for every Day chat he shall be actually employed in the Execution of the Duty hereby in him reposed, including the Days of travelling to and from his Place of Abode, in full Satisfaction for his Trouble and Expences, and shall bear and pay his own Expences during the Time he shall be so employed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner by this Allotment for Act appointed shall and he is hereby required to set out and allot such Parts *iea'1t.ing Mate* or Portions of the Lid Commons and Waste Lands in the Lid Township ’ of Mineta, not exceeding in the whole Twelve Statute Acres, in such Plate or Places as he shall judge most convenient, to be used and enjoyed for ever thereafter by the respective Proprietors of Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, within the Lid Township, who shall be adjudged to be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments of the Lid Commons or Waste [Loc. Per.~\ 3 0 Lands

238 4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

Lands, and ultimately award the Tame by virtue of this Act in common for the Purpose of getting Limestone, Building Stone, Gravel, Sand, Earth, Marl and Clay to make Bricks, for the Use, Benefit, or Improvement of such Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, situated in the said Township, in Right of which any Allotment or Allotments hath or have been made, as well as for the Use, Benefit or Improvement of such Allotment or Allotments; and the getting of such Stone, Gravel, Sand, Earth, Marl, or Clay, to be got up for the Purposes aforesaid, and the Labourers to be employed in getting the fame, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject to such Regulations and Restrictions as the said Commissioner, by this Act appointed, shall in and by his Award direct or appoint, and also in the Repairs of the Highways, private Roads and Paths, which now are or hereafter shall be made within the same Township: Provided al ways, that such Stone, Gravel, Sand, Earth, Marl, or Clay, or any of them, shall not, directly or indirectly, be sold or disposed of to any Person or Persons whomsoever, or conveyed out of the said Township under any Pretence whatsoever, under the Penalty of Twenty Shillings for every Ton Weight so fold or conveyed mu of the said Township, and so proportionably for any greater or less Weight or Quantity, to be paid for such Person or Persons so felling or disposing of such Stone, Gravel, Sand, Earth, Marl, or Clay, to the Overseers of the Poor of the said Township of Minera for the Time being, and to be by them accounted for, and applied in Aid of the Poors Rate of the said Township; and the said Commissioner by this Act appointed may, where Occasion shall require, set out and appoint Springs and Pools, and other "Watering Places for Cattle and Beasts, within the said Township, upon the said Commons and Waste Lands, and for the common Use and Benefit of all Owners or Occupiers of Messuages, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the said Township.

Not to alter

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall

coarses. not for ihesaid Commissioner to alter or change the Course of

any ancient Watc-rcourse or Land Drain for the Purposes aforesaid, or for any other Purpose or Purposes whatsoever, without the Consent in Writing of the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands or Hereditaments, who shall or may be deprived of or prejudiced in the Use or Benefit to be derived from the Water or Drainage which might otherwise have pafifed through his, her, or their Lands, if the Direction of such Watercourse or Land Drain had not been changed or altered, but that the same shall be and remain as the fame hath hitherto usually been \ any 1 hingin this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Power to fell

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner by this defray Ex- Act appointed shall and he is hereby required to set our, ascertain, and

pence». allot, so much and such convenient Parc and Parts of the said Commons

and Waste Lands, as in his Judgment shall be sufficient to raise a competent Sum of Money for paying and defraying the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and all other incidental Charges and Expences whatsoever, for or by reason of or preparatory to the said intended Division and Inclosure, and of carrying this Act into Execution; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be fold and disposed of by public Auction, and not otherwise, in the Manner directed by the Lid recited Act, and the Purchase Money shall be applied for the Purposes aforesaid.

6

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Surplus shall remain after all such Charges and Expences shall have been fully paid and satisfied, such Surplus shall be divided and apportioned between the several Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, according to their several and respective Intrrefts therein, or otherwise such Surplus shall be paid into the Bank of England, in Manner directed by the said recited Act, with respect to Money thereby directed to be paid into the Bank, for the Purchase or Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and winch Sum of Money ought to Joe laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the fame Hies.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall be found necessary, before such Sale can be effected, to raise any Sum or Sums of Mcney for defraying the Expences aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner by this Act appointed to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as he shall, from Time to Time, think nectfiary for the Purposes aforesaid , which Money, so to be borrowed, shall be repaid with Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the Monies to be raised by such Sale as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Money to be raised by such Sale as aforesaid shall not be lufEcient to pay and defray all the Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, and of repaying the Money so To be borrowed by any Sum not exceeding One thousand Pounds, then the Deficiency shall be made up by the sevenl Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Lands, and shall be paid in such Shares and Proportions, and within such Time, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioner by this Act appointed, shall direct, nominate, and appoint; or in case any Expences shall be incurred in the Execution of any of the Powers and Provisions of this and the said recited Act, which ought to be borne and defrayed by any pariicular Ptrson or Persons, and not out of any Money to be raised for the G.neral Purposes of this Act, then the same shall be paid in such Shares and Proportions, and by such Person or Persons, and within such Time, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioner by this Act appointed shall direct, nominate, and appoint; and in case any Person herein-be/ore made subject to the Payment of any Money towards such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay his or her Share or Proportion thereof within the Time to be appointed as aforesaid, or at any Time after upon Demand, the same shall and may be levied and recovered in Manner directed by the said recited Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That out of the first Monies to be raised or borrowed by virtue of this Act, the said Commissioner by this Act appointed shall and he is hereby required, in the first Place, to pay and detray all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, together with lawful Interest for the fame, from the Time such Monies respectively shall have been actually advanced.

239

Application of Surplus Money,

Commissioner may borrow Money to dr-fray Expences till Sals of Land.

D.-ficiency(;f any! to be mads up by the Proprietors.

For paying Expinres of this Act.

240

P ower to mike Ex Change*.

Far paying the ExpenKS of Sale, and making Exchanges.

Accounts to be settled and audited by a Committee

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner by this Act appointed to set out, allor, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Township of Mwera, or in the said Parish of Wrexham, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatever within the said Township or Parish, or within any adjoining Township, Parish, Hamlet, or Place, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioner appointed by this Act, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Sample or far Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on a Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guao ians, Trull es, Feoffees for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of orafting for any such Owners or Proprietors as aforesaid, who, at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges, shall be re-fprftively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act ror themselves, himself, or herself (such Consent to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively); and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges, so to be made, shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Linas, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent, testified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in wh ch such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be exchanged, shall lie and be situate.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making of any Sale, Exchanges, or Partitions, to be made by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the several Persons making such Sales, Exchanges, and Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioner by this Act appointed shall, by his said Award, order and direct.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Accounts of the said Commissioner by this Act appointed, containing a true Statement of all Sums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall, once in every Year during the Execution of this Act, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose (until such Accounts shall be finally settled and allowed) be examined by any Three or more of the said Proprietors who shall be nominated by the major Part in Value (such Value to be ascertained by the Land-Tax AssessmenO of the said Proprietors or their known Agents or Attornies present at such Meeting, of which Meeting Notice in Writing shall be given and affixed upon the principal outer Door of the said Parish Church of Wrexham, at cast Ten Days before such Meeting, by the said Commissioner by this

48° GEORGII III. JJap.ib, Ul

Act appointed; and the Balance^ by them pr the major Part of therrt

present at such Meeting, shall be dated in the Books of Accounts required

to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioner; and no

Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties con- ... j

cerned, or be valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by the said Prop.ietors who shall be lb nominated, or the major Part of,

them present at such Meeting.: *'

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner by this.

Act appointed shall be allowed the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings "yor" Alter every Day that he shall be actually employed in the Execution of lowsyce. this Act, including Days of necessary travelling as well as others, in full Satisfaction for his Time, Trouble, and Expences respecting fuc h Employment-, and the said Surveyor shall be allowed the Sum of One Poundtmft OnCj Shilling for every Day that he shall be actually employed in the; Execution of this Act (Expences included) except such Days as he shall be employed-in surveying, measuring, and mapping, for wh,ich h? shall be allowed at, the Rate of One Shilling for every Acre which he shall so survey, mcafqrct, and map.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Comnrflioner by. Allotment to this Act appointed shall (after the Boundaries difefted to be ft( put and m«il<E<c*l-ascertained by the said recited Act shall have been ascertained and fully lent Majesty. determined, and the Roads, and the l'cveral Allotments for getting Mate-'

rials, and for Sale, as herein-before mentioned, shall have been ret oup and afllgned, and before any other Allotment shall be made or set out), allot or fee out to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, with the Concurrence and Approbation in Writing of the said Afiillant Commissioner, and not otherwise, so much and such Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands as shall be equal to Ones twentieth Part in Value of the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner by this Allotment of Act appointed shall divide, set out, and allot the Residue and Remainder the Rdldue' of the said Commons and Waste Lands to and amongst the said James 'Topping, William Li,yd, John Jones, Hugh Meredith, and all other Persons entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Lands within the said Township of Miner a, rateably and in Proportion according to the Value of their respective Messuages, Lands, Teneincutsj or Hereditament?, in respect whereof they dial) be adjudged to be flfverally entitled to such Right of Common, and which Value shall be ascertained and fixed by the said Commissioner by this Act appointed; but in case i| shall happen that the same Person or Persons is or are seised of Messuages,

Lands, or Hereditaments for Life only, and of the Fee Simple or Inheritance of other Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments within the said Township, and Hull be entitled to Right of Common in resp ft of both such Estates, then and in such Case the said Commissioner by this Act appointed, upon the Request in Writing of such Person or Persons, or o^ his, her, or their Agent or Attorney, shall let out and allot the Shafe or Proportion of such Person or Persons in respect of his, her, or their different Estates, indistinct and separate Parcels from each other, so that tho Portion of Common awatded in respect of the Meflfuagesi, Lands, or Hoe* ditaments held for Life, or settled Estate, be no Way intermixed with, but [Ltf. 3 P kept

ft* 4'

Commissioner, in hi8 Award, to direct by whom FcnCes are to be made.

Encroach-

ments.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

kept frpatate from the Portion awarded in respect of the unsettled of other Ettaie.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner by this Act appointed shall, and he is hereby required in and by his Award, to direct and declare how and in what Manner, and by whom, the fences between the feveia! Allotments to be made andfet out under and by virtue of this Act, shall be made, and by whom the same shall for ever thereafter be kept in Repair.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments, exclusive of the Cottages and ocher Erections thereon, taken from the said Commons and Waste Lands within the Space of Twenty Years before the prflino of this Act, or that have been laid open within the Space of Twemy Years, shall be dtemed Part and Parcel of the said Commons and Waste LmJs hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and the fame may be let out and allotted to the Person or Persons in Poffrffion thereof, if such Pets n or Persons shall be entitled to any Share or Allotment upon the said intended Division and Inclosure, and shall have been in Possession of such Encroachments before the First Day of June One thousand eight hundred and seven, and shall request the fame by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or under the Hand of his, her, or their Atrorney or Agenr, at or before the Third Sitting or Attendance of the said Commissioner by this Act appointed, so that such Encroachment or Encroachments (wh eft the said Commissioner is ro value as Common or Waste Lands, without considering the E-eftions and Improvements made thereon) do not exceed in Value the Allotment or Allotments to which such Person or Persons shall be entitled in lieu of his, her. or their Right of Common, and if the same shall noc exceed such Allotment or Ail jtments. the Surplus shall be fevered and fenced out at the Expence of the Person or Persons so having encroached, and may be allotted to Ibme other Person or Persons entitled to an Allotment or Allotments, unless the Person or Persons in Possession of such Encroachment or Encroachments shall bedrfirous of purchasing fuchjSurplus, and shall pay to the said Commissioner by this Act appointed such Price for the same as such Comnrffioner shall fix, the Money to be applied towards the general Purposes of this Act, in which Cafe such Surplus shall be awarded to the Person or Persons in Possession thereof, and having purchased the same as aforesaid; and in case it shall happen that such Encroachments or Erections have been made by Persons not entitled to any Right of Common, the said Commissioner by this Act appointed shall set a Value on all such Erections, and the same shall pass with the Lands on which they shall happen to stand to the Person or Persons to whom the said Commissioner shall allot such Land, he, she, or they paying to the Person or Persons at whose Expence such Erections were made, such JSum of Money as the said Commissioner by this Act appointed shall have valued such Erections at; and if such Perton to whom such Land shall be allotted shall relufe to pay such Valuation, then the Person at whose Expence such Erections shall have been'made shall have and enjoy such Cottages and Erections for such Time, and at such Ground Rent or Acknowledgement, payable to the Person to whom the said Land shall be allotted,

.*and in such Manner, as the said Commissioner by this Act appointed shall direct and appoint,

48° GEORGII IRC Cap.t6. *43

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall b'e Commissioner lawful for the Lid Commissioner by this Act appointed, at any Time before A?w*on«,lSS the Execution of his Award, to make such Alterations in the Allotments the Aliot-and Fences which he mty have fetout and ordered, as he shall think right ["'"Execution and expedient; and in case any Person or Persons shall happen to be injured of the Awud. by such Alterations, or on Account of any Expences he, she, or they may have been at, the said Commissioner shall ascertain and determine what Recompence shall be made to him, her, or them, and shall direct by whom, and in what Manner, such Recompence shall be made.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the said Commissioner by this Act appointed shall have ascertained the respective Shares, Rights, and Interests of the said Proprietors in the Common and Waste Lands to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, and a!fa the respective Shares and Proportions by him proposed to be allotted to such Proprietors respectively in lieu thereof, the said Commissioner by this Act appointed fhsil give Notice, in Manner aforesaid, of some convenient Time and Place when and where all Proprietors and Persons interfiled may peruse a Schedule of such intended Allotments, and a Map or Plan whereon the same shall be set out and delineated, and may have and receive a Copy of such Schedule, so far as the fame relates to such Proprietors respectively.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioner, when enrolled in Manner directed by the said recited Act, shall be depofued in a Tin Box, and shall be kept in the Pat i(h Church of Wrexham aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner by this Act appointed shall, and he is hereby required, to make an Excradt on Parchment under his Hand and Seal, of so much of his Award as shall contain an accurate Description of the Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to His said Majesty, in respect of the said Township of Minera, together with such Regulations or Provisions relative to such Allotment or Allotments, or to any other Rights or Interests of His Majesty, as may be contained in such Award, and also a Map or Plan of such Allotment or Allotments, and transmit the same to the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue for the Time being, within Six Calendar Months after the making and executing the said Award, to be by him filed and kept among the Muniments of his Office.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That for the Encouragement of The frit Agriculture, the First Two Crops of Corn, or other Produce, obtained by Crops [nfrh0'B Tillage in ali and every the said Allotments (except such Parts thereof its Tythe. have already paid Tythe, or have been actually tilled before the passing of

this Act) shall be exempt from the Payment of Tythes; and that from and after the taking of such Two Crops as aforesaid, the future Crops shall be liable to Tythe in the same Manner as other inclosed Lands tn the said Township; and such Encroachments as have already yielded Tythes, or have been actually’ tilled before the passing of this Act, shall continue to do so, notwithstanding the aforesaid Exemption.

Pioorirtars

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Per- mav itii thsir son or Person3 interested in the said Commons or \Yafte Lands, at any Time Execution of Award.

An Extract of

so mu;h of the CommiC. iioner'l Award, as defciibes the King’s Allot, merit, to be made and

tranlinitted to the Surveyor General of the Land Revenue.

Notice for per riling S h <nl' ana rVaps of intended A!-iomenu to be given.

244 4* GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

Time before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner, to-fell and dispos'eof all such Estate, Right, and Interest, as he, she, or they hath or have in, to, or upon the said Commons and Waile Lands, or in of to any Allotment or Allotments to be made in resptft thereof by virtue of this Act, separate from such Estate in Right whereof he, she, or they is, are, or shall be I'o entitled j and in case cf any such Sale, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner by this Act appointed, and he is hereby authorized and required, to allot che fame to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, who shall, immediately after the Execution of such Award a3 aforesaid, have, hold, use, and enjoy such Allotment or Allotments, and shall have, use, and exercise any Act of Ownership in and upon the lame, in as full, large, am pie and beneficial a Manner, to all Interns and j, as the former Vendor or Proprietor thereof could or might have done in Cufe any such Sale or Sales hid not been made.

Person, ag-

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person Or Persons shall grieved may think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pu Quarur°th* fuance of this or the said recited Act (except in such Cases where the D -

Svffions, termination of the said Commissioner is herein directed to be final and con-

elusive, or where anlflueat Law shall be tried as herein-before directed) then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the General

Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County of

Denbigh next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, giving Fifteen Days Notice of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, in Writing to the said Commissioner by this Act appointed; and the Justices at their General Quarter Sessions, not being interested in the Matter of such Appeal, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame, and to make such Order therein, and award such Damages and Calls, as to them in their Discretion shall seem meet 3nd reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant, to levy such Damages and Costs by Distrtfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties directed to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges cf every such Distress and Sale , which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatfuevtr.

*rtiu or the

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this or the said not to* rec*te(f Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to revoke, artic"With, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any *c. Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion,

Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances, out of, upon, or affecting the Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted, inclosed, or exchanged, in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, or any Pa:t or Parts thereof respectively; but that the respective Persons to whom any Lands or Heteditaments shall be allotted or given in Exchange by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall be seised thereof to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Charges, Rents, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments whereof such Person was seised or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner by this Act appointed, or for which or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be 6 made,

24-5

48° GEORGII III. Cap.\ 6.

made, would have been subject to, charged with or aftVded by, ir. Cafe this Act bad nor. been made.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no L~afe or Leases afT.-sting Cummi(1-0Rit any of the Lands and Htrediiam-nts, in respect of whh 1j any Allotment er nott. or Allotments of the said Lands or Grounds hrithy din-cud to be divided and inclos d, shall be awarded by virtue of this Act, fh.dl be made void, but that the same shall remain and continue in full Force and Effect, and that the Lrffee or LeflTce? therein respectively shall have, hold, and enjoy, all and every such Allotment and Allotments so to be made by virtue of this Act in respect of the several Lands and Hereditaments in their respective Occupations, for the Residue of their respective Terms orlnrerefts then to come and unexpired in such respective Leases, such Lessee and Lrffces pay-, ing a just and fair Proportion, in resped of such Lease or Leases, of the Charges and Expe< ces of obtaining and executing this Act, to be settled and adjustcil by the Lid Commissioner by this Act appointed, in proportion to their respective Intertfts therein.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That nothing in SaT;nst'ie this A i contained shall prejudice or defeat the Right or Inrcreft of H s.Ma- Rights of jesty, H.s Heirs or Succtffjrs,or of the Right Honourable Robert EnlGre/-venor, his Heirs or Assigns, or any Person or Persons claiming or to chum h ts or , U-by, from, or under, or in Trull for him, them, or any of them, or any of jji,"lse’t.a"sthe the Ancestors of the said Robert Earl Grosvenor, in and to all Mines, Ores, under the Minerals, and Coals, of what Nature or Kmdsoever, in and under the said Commons and Waste Lands; but that Hissaid Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the laidf?»£c/-r Earl Grosvenor, his Hetrs ar(d Assigns, and fuel? other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and their Leffre or Left'ces, Agents,

Servants, Colliers, Miners, and other..Workmen, shall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times heyeafter^ enter into, have, hold, enjoy, search, and work all Mines, apd Mine Works, Pirs, Pjolys, Beds, Veins, and other Bearings of Mine?, Ores, Minerals, and Coals whatsoever, as fully and effectually, to all Intejus and Purpose?, as they.couid have had, held, or enjoyed the fame before the passing of this Act , and for that Purpose shall and may ule all Pits, Shafts, Levels, Soughs, and Tunnels, already open and sunk in any iff p|ie said Commons and Waste Lands, and aft Machines,

Engines, and Buildings thereon erected or (landing, together with/ull and free Liberty, Power, and Authority, to and for His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the said Robert Earl Grosvenor, his hlei s and Assigns, and all other Persons who shall hereafter for the Time being be entitled to the Mines and Minerals therein, and his and their Lessee and Lessees, and their and every ot their Agents, Servants, Miners* Golhers, and other Workmcp, to (ink, dig, delve, drive, and work all and every or any Humber of Pus,

Shafts, Levels, Soughs, and Tunnels, which they shall think neccifary for discovering, searching for, raising, or getting any Mines, Ores, Mineral?, and Coals whatsoever, in or under the said Commons and Waste Lands, and to dig and raise Clay for m.'king and burning of Bricks, Tries, Gutters, and Ridges, in and upon any Pail of the said Commons and Waste Lands, as well before as after the same shall have been inclosed, for the Use of any Colliery or Collieries now open, or hereafter to be opened therein, and for repairing any old or erecting any new Buildings which may be ne.eflary for tarrying on or working any Mine or Mmes whatlo-ever, and also to eie&any Number of Steam or other Engines, Machine [Loc. & Per.} 3 g or

246

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

or Machines, of what Nature or Kind soever, which they shall think ne-« cessary for the Ule, Convenience, and Advantage of any Mine or Mines, whatsoever, in or upon the said Premises, or any Part thereof, and to place, flack up, and lay all Lead, Copper, Iron, and other Ores, Coals, and other Minerals and Matters, which shall be gotten and raised, and all Rubbish, Earth, and Soil upon the said Commons and Waste Lands, and to make, burn, or convert Coal and Culm into Charcoal or Cokes 5 and also to have, make, and use all convenient Ways, Hoads, and Rati* ways, in, upon, and over the said Commons and Waste Lands, when inclosed, for the Use of any Colliery or Mines sunk or made, or which may be sunk or made in any Part or Parts thereof, and for working and carrying on the lame, and with Carts, Waggons, and other Carriages, to fetch, take, and carry away the Lead, Copper, and Iron Ores, and Coal, and other Mines and Minerals whatsoever there to be found and raised as aforesaid, and to do all other necelLry and reasonable Act- and Things in and upon the fame Commons and Waste Lands, when inclosed, for the discovering, getting, working, converting, removing, carrying away, felling, and disposing of all Mines, Coals, and other Minerals whatsoever, without any Molestation or Interruption, in such and the fame M inner as if this Act had not been ma e, and making Satisfaction for the Damage or Injury thereby done, to the Person or Persons, B id or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, suftaining such Damage or Injury.

saving <0 Hia

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained Riglln uf1'* (hidl extend or be construtd to expend to defeat, lessen, or prejudice the Juiiidjction. Right, Title, or Interest of His Majesty, His Heirs or Succrffjis, or of his or their Lessee or Lessees, Steward or Stewards, for the Time being, of and for the said Township of Miner a, of, in, or to the Seigniories and Royalties incident and belonging to the said Township, but that His laid Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and His or their Lessee or Leffces, Steward or Stewards thereof for the Time being, shall and may from Time to Tim*, and at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy all the Rents, Services, Courts, Pciquisites and Profits of Courts, Deodands, Waits, Eltajs, Forfeitures, and other Royalties, Privileges, Pre-eminences, Maneiial Jurisdiction, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Township or to the Steward thereof incident or appendant, belonging or appertaining, (other than and except any Right to the Soil upon and in the said Commons and Waste Lands intended to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, and other than and except all Quar ies. Springs, and other Matiers, btfidcs Mines and Minerals now belonging or which may hereafter belong to His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors) under the lame, which Quarries, Springs, or other M tcers, (except Mines and Minerals as aforesaid) are to bciong to the several Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom Allotment shall be made by virtue of this Act, in as full, ample, and bene, fii ial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they could or mighc have held or injoytd the fame before the passing of this Act, or in case the fame had not been made.

General XXXVIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His

Saving. Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (except the several Persons to

q ' L whom

247.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, for and in respect of such Rights and Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, dcltroyed, and extinguished, and all Perfms respectively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them) all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, as they, every or any of chem, could or ought to have had and enjoyed in, to, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, before the passing of this Act, or in case this Act had not been made.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Pi inter to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by ail Judges, Jullitcs, and others.

Act to he ta«

ken in Evi-deme whea

printed by the King's, Primer-

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Akdrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*»WMtM V*X

Cap. 17.

An Act for regulating the Statute Labour, and repairing the Highways and Bridges in the County of Dumbarton.

[14-th dpril 18 o8. J

WHEREAS the Powers granted by Law in Scotland relative to Highways and Bridges, and the Services in Work and Money which are thereby authorized to be exadled and levied, having been found inefficient to amend and keep in repair the Roads and Bridges within the County of Dumbarton, an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for regulating the Statute Labour therein, and granting a Conversion in lieu thereof in the Laid County; but the fame is about to expire, and other and further Powers being necrrtary in order effectually to carry the Intention of the said Laws inro Execution; May it therefore pk-afe Your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common', in this pnfent Parliament artembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person who is or shall be at any Time after the passing of this Act, in his own Right or in the Right of his Wif;, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment as Proprietor or Life-renter of the Dominium utile of Lands lying in the County of Dumbarton, valued in the Crfs Books of the said County at One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Kent, and theeldeft Son of every Person posserted of Two hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent aa above, [Loc. & Per."] 3 R the

1

Trustees far . executing the Act.

250 4-S6 GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

the Provost and any One of the Baillies of Dumbarton, or in t'’e Absence of the P ovoft rheTw > Baillirs, ihc eldrft B illie of Kukintillmk, and the Baron Bail 11cto th. Time b- i g onrach of the Eflates otRofeneatbirulCumbernauld, One of the Goa tliw or Trusts ot Minors, and the Factor or Baron Badlie for the Time be ng or each nor.-reftdent Herin r, such Minors and Heritors having One hu>drrd Pounds Soots of Valuation as aforesaid, shall be and they aie hrreby nominated and appointed Trustees for making and repairing he Highways, Roads, and Brid ges, within the said County, and for executing all other the Powers Oy his Act given and granted: Provided always, that fuih Faitors or Baton B<illics shall only be entitled to vote in the A fence ot their O nftituems; and in respect there ate few Persons qualified to act s Trustees in the Landward Part of the Farii’n of Dumbarton, the Proprietor of the Lands ot Garjhakt, and the Proprietor of the Ellate of konbill for the Time being, are hrreby specially nominated Tiullecs within the Distnft in which ihat Pirt of the said Parish shall be included, but to have no Vote in ihr General pr Adj u njrd Mr-etings herein-after appointed, unless du}; qualified in Terms of this Act.

Qualification

II. Provided always, ar d be it enacted, That no such Baron B.iillie, or

ot factors. Fafit r, shall be capable of acting as a Trustre in the Execudon of this Act, unless he shall be qualified to act as a Commissioner of Supply for the said Courtv, or unleh he shall be in his own Right or in the R.ght of his Wifi-, in the actual Possession or R< ctipt of the Rents and i r< fits of Lards r Heritages of the dear yearly V.due of Twenty~i ve Pounds f.er Annum; or br pofllfied of and entitled io a Prr-foral Elfate alone, or Real and Personal fcftate togeihcr, of the Value of Five hundred P unds j m r shall any such Baron B illie or Factor not qualified to be a Qommifltontr of Supply be capable ot acting in the hjee, cution of this Act, until he shall have taken and fublctibrd the Gath following, before any Two or more of the Lid Trustre.-, whoarcbeieby authorized and requited to adrurifter the lame; that is to lay,

T dofwear. That I truly and Lona fide am, in my

‘ own Right, (or, in the Right of my Wife, as the Caje may be) in the

actual Puffeflion or Enjoyment of Lands or Herctages of the clear yearly V.due of Twenty-five Pounds; or possessed of or entitled to a Per-

foul Effate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, of thr Amount

‘ or Value ot Five hundred Pounds. ‘ So help me GOD.*

III. And be it enacted, That if any Person not having the Qualification Penalty on or no[ being of the Description afortf.iid, shall act as aTtuftee, every qualified,'10* such Person shall, for every such tfting, forfeit the Sum of Twenty

Pounds Sterling, to be applied for Reparation or the Roads lying within that District in which he has acted.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said Trusteesorany Five or more of them, Truite«S of shall, in order to carry this present Act into Execution, meet at Dumbar-rJ C ton, upon the Thirtieth Day of April One thousand eight hundreciand tight, or as soon thereafter as may be convenient, and thereafter yearly upon the same Day, and at the same Place that the C mnnflioners of Supply for the said County of Dumbarton shall be directed by the Land Tax Act of the Year then current to assemble for the Purpose of allcffing the Land Tax and of choosing a Convener, Collector, and Clerk; and thac the said Trustees

48° GEORGGII tlL Caf. 17. 251

so assembled at the aforesaid G n'-tal Meeting fhdl have Powef1, and Tn'"' r° are hereby empowered to adjou n to the next ->r any after" fawPaHTJaylf they (hdl fee causeTo to do, and to none a Pfcfes brGhiifrnan of theft Meeting, and a Clerk during PLsfui'e, who fhdl attend the MH*iirlg§'of the said Trustees, and thali enter their whole Proceedings regularly iil a Book to be kept for that1 PurpolV; and iikewilv shall a-> often <s febtlirjtl by any Person or Persons having an Iherett in r e f ftfre, make and give out Copies or Extracts of the Order or Proceedi ngs of the Troftees,

Within Three Days after such Reqftifition, (it such certain model-ite Pee for the fame, as shall be fix-d by the said Lufters at a General Meciing assembled), and that such Copies or Extrift, shall contain the Warrant fur putting these Orders into Execution, and that the said Ti uftees in their first General Meet'ng or Adjourned Meeting aforesaid, at which not Itfj than F.ve I’rustees shall he present, shall divide the County info Hi It rifts, whi.h D'ftrifts, when so fixed, shall not be again altered during the Continuance of this Act; and the said Trustees at such General or Adjourned Mreting, and in all their foblcquent Annual General Meetings ot Adjourned Meetings affrmTed, fhdl have Power, and they are hereby empowered to nominate and appoint One or more of their own Number to act without Salaty, as Surveyo- or Surveyors in any of the Districts aforesaid, in which his < 1 their Qualification lies; and at the said Genera!Meetings the said a'-dSaiveyor. Trustees shall appoint early and convenient Times for the first Meetings in each Year of the Trustees within the respective Districts so fixed as aforesaid, and that the Trustees at such District Meetings alTunbied shall have Power afterwards to adjourn as they shall see cause.

V. And be it enacted, That the Trustees of the different ^Dif- Trader*to trifts, shall (under the Restrictions aftermemioned) superintenrl and superi tend have the Dirtftion and Cognizance of the several Roads and Bridges within their respective Districts, and shall have Perwer to appoint the Order in which the same shall be ma e or repaired, and to appropmte the Services and Monies To be exacted and raised by v.rcue of this Act From each District within such their respective Dish ift only: Provided always, that (with the Exception of the Proprietor of the Lands f Gar-

Jhtrke, and the Proprietor of the Linds of Bonbill, who are faci-

ally empowered to act within the Disticl in which the Landward Part of the Parish of Dumbarton shall be finiateil), no Tr yftee ft q ft, be entitled to act at any District Meeting, who is not at the Time qualified to act as a Trustee in respect of Lands lying within the Bounds of such District, unless where such Tiuftee may be qualified in respect of Lands lying in different Districts, and which separately are under ,ifae y.-lued Rent aforesaid, in which last C fe such Trustee shall be eplitjgd to aftat .0 the District Meetings of the Distiift within which his o din ary Place..' f ReftdenCe, or the ordinary Place of R fidence of the Person for] whbtn he acts may be; provided any Part of the Lands in resprft . f wjyirb he act*

lies within such District; and th T the said Trustees in such District

Meetings assembled, shall be and are hereby cmpoweiefl to jappvini a Prefes or Convener, and if necessary a Drpute, Clerk, for eaph Di'/l^ip, and to adjourn from Time to Time; and that the Pr. lbs or such respective Diflncl: Meetings shall have Pow-r and he is hVr^b')’ ein-powered and rtqu reci to call Meetings of the Ti uftees for the tricl, as often as he shall be required jo tp do by anj> JTwo Truffge/.wipin such Districts, upon Ten Days previous Notice to be given at the Cm’fen 8 Doors

252

TrulUc to ('point Ovtr-feeisaod other Officers.

Collector and Treasurer to give Security.

Difirict Meeting* to call for Copies of the Tax Roll.'

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Dof»r* within the Disttid, and in case any Difference of Opinion in such District Meeting shall arise among the said Trustees, concerning the Application of the Services or Money, any One of the Trustees who Hull either think himself aggrieved, or shall think such Application improper, mav complain to the next General Meeting, or to the next Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County, if joined in such Complaint by any One of the other Trustees in such District, Eight Days Notice in Writing being always given to the Clerk of the District Meeting of their Intention to bring an Appeal, and the Matter thereof, which.General Meeting or Quarter Sessions shall have Power, and at e hereby empoweted to hear and determine the fame, but the Work shall notwithstanding proceed as directed by tr*e Majority of the District Meeting, until the Determination of such Appeal, unless where any new Line of Road is directed to be opened and made, in which Cafe the Work, or opening and making the said Road, shall not proceed or be carried into Execution, until the Determination of the said Appeal; and in both Cafes the Sentence or Determination of the said General Meeting or Quarter Sessions shall be final and conilufive, without being subj ft to Review by Bill of Advocation or Suspension, or by Process of Reduction, or in ary Manner of Way whatever; and it shall be lawful for any Two Trustees to ad at a District Meeting in case the other Trustees do not atttnd; and all Meetings under the Authority of this Act shall begin to be held at Mid-day and not earlier; and tachMember shall defray his own Expence, but without disabling or restraining the said Trustees from making and giving a reasonable Allowance to ColUdors, Clciks, Overseers, and other Officers for their Trouble, which they are hereby empowered to do.

VI. And be it also enacted, That the said Trustees in District Meeting* assembled, shall have Power, and are hereby empowered to appoint Overseers and other Officers within their respective Districts, and to remove or dismiss them, and appoint others as they shall find necessary; and the said Overseers may, by a Justice of the Peace of the Bounds, be made Constables fur the special Purpose of acting as Constables in the Business of the Highways and Roads, and for that Purpose only , and any Person lefufing to accept of the Office of Overseer shall forfeit the Sum of Three Pounds Sterling.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Collector or Collectors, Treasurer or Treasurers appointed by the said Trustees, shall give Security to the Amount at least of One Year’s Receipt.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees in the respective Districts aforesaid, at their first Meeting afier the passing of this Act, or at any subsequent Meeting, shall have full Power, and they are hereby required to call for Copies or Flxtrads of the Tax Roll or Valuation Lift of the Lands in their respective Districts, and which Copies or Ex'rads duly attested, the Collector of the Land Tax in the said Coumy is hereby directed to furnish them with, upon receiving Five Shillings S eriing for each Copy or Extrait; and therefrom the said Trustees shall make of for the Purposes of this Act, exact Rates or Accounts of the valued Rent of every Possession in each District, whether the fame be occupied by Owners or Tenants; and in case Two or more PufUflions stand in Cumulo the said Trustees shall call upon the Proprietor* or their Fadors

to

48° GEORG H III. ChfjtJ; 253

tb give ih a Division of the said Cumulo Valuation proportioned among the different PoffdTors, which State shall be subject to the Revisal of the Meeting, and they fhJI have full Power to alter and correct the fame when it appears to them inaccurate and improper, and to determine accordingly , and if any Proprietor or Factor shall refute to give in the said State, the Trustees are hereby empowered to demand the whole Assessmenc corresponding to such Cumulo Valuation from any of the Proprietors, who shall have Recourse on the other Pofftffars-for a rateable Proportion; and Lifts shall be made up of all Persons keeping Horses, and of the Number of Horses kept by each Person; and like wife exact Lifts shall be made up of all Persons whatever chargeable for the Statute Labour as after mentioned, and the iaid Lifts shall fiotn Time to Time be revffed and altered by the respective District Meetings, as any Change of Persons or Circumstances may requi e.

IX. And be it enacted, That all Occupiers of Land, whether Heritors, Heritor* and' Tenants, or Sub-tenants, shall be liable by themselves, or proper Persons of Lsndslilw* to be employed by them to perform Eight Hours of actual Labour oh the in statute Highways in the District in which their Lands lie, each Day for Six convafion. Days annually, with their whole Farm Hotfes, Carts, and Graith, arid

their whole Tools, labouring Ucenfils, and Servants, at any Time front the Twenty-fifth Day of May to the Twenty-fifth Day of Atiguft in each Year, when required by the said Trustees or a Quorum of them, or the Surveyor appo.nted by them, or in the Option of the Trustees in each District, the said Occupiers of Lands shall in lieu of actual Labour be liable to pay a Conversion in Money not exceeding Forty Shillings Settling for each Ploughgate or ^hree Pounds. Sterling for each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent’; and the said Rate or such Part thereof as shall be fijfeld by the said Trust ees of each Distiidt, shall be levied cm dach Ploughgate or Subdivision of a Ploughgate, or upon each hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, according to the Proportions above specified, and so on in Proportion for a larger or smaller Valuation or Quantity of Larid; and the Trustees in each District who makeChoice of the Mode of Afitfll Lift of Plough ment by Ploughgate shall make up a List of the Ploughgates therein, and be

each Eifate and Farm shall be held to contain as many Ploughgates as the ma e Ul1* Arable Lands might realbnably keep of Ploughs if under Till ige, or as the several District Meetings shall from the Circumstances of each Cafe uponEx-amination find reasonaole; and the Trustees are hereby empowered to take such Proofs as they shall think necessary for ascertaining the Number of Ploughgates, and Copies of such Lifts ay are made up by them shallhe transmitted to the Clerk of the General Meetings and entered in the Books toDe kept by him; and if any Person shall think himself aggrieved thereby, he may complain to the next General Meeting or Quarter Sessions for Redress, whose Determination shall be final and conclusive for that Year, without being subject to Review by Bill of Suspension or Ac vocation, or Process of Reduction, or in any Manner whatsoever; provided always, that Grounds let for any Term of Years not txceeding Three Years without a Lease, shall be construed.to be in the actual Pofftllion of the Proprietor; and he shall be liable to perform Statute Labour therefor, or pay the Convetfion in lieu thereof as aforesaid accordingly;

X. And be it further enacted, That ail Innkeepers, Carters, Car-tiers, and all Persons keeping Horles for Riding, Draught, or Carriage,

[Loc. Ss* Per.2 3 S not

All Person* kcepingHorfr* not l>eing Occupiers of

254 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

ConwifionP*n not k?'ng Occupiers of Land, shall in lieu of Statute Labour pa?

licuof Ltliour. year I y to the said Trustees a Sum not exceeding I w-lve Shi ings Sterling, for each Horse, as the Rate of the said C >nvei lion shall be settled, by a Gmtral Meeting of Trustees for the whole C unty.

Carriers and ether Persons keeping Hotfcs and being a so Occupiers of i>aifdj to pay Com-pohtion for their Horses, or in Option of Trait es to perform Statute Labour or pay Con-vei tion.

XI. And be it enacted, That if the af tresaid Carters, Carriers, and Householders, or Persons keeping Ho'les, shall I ke*ilc be Couplers or Land, they shall be subjift and liable either in dir Composition Money due for their Horlrs and themselves, or in the Option of the Trustees for the respective D ft nets in the Statute Labuur, or in the Compufition in lieu ihereof, for the Land lo occupied by them, which Occupiers of Land by this Act are liable to perform and pay; and that whrrc the Valuation of the Poffflion of an Owner or Occupier of L>nd shall not extend to Fif y Pounds Scots, he shall in the Opiion of the said Trustees, either be liable to perform the Statute Labour, or pay the composition for his Fuflkffior,; or the said Ddtrict Trusttes may (.old hun as a Keeper of Horles or Householder, and levy from him the Composition in lieu of Statute Services, which they arc entitled to lew fr<m Persons keeping Horses or Householders as aforesaid, as they shall judge expedient.

Persons liable

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Cottagers, Householderr, Laser viceor* bourns, Manufacturers, Traddmrn, and others, not liable to send out

Conversion. Carts or Wains, (except Apprentices under I identures for a Term of Years, who receive no Wages, or whose Wages do not exceed Six Shillings Sterling, weekly, and also Farm Servants hired by the Year or Half Year) shall be obliged whtn required to perform Six D lys Work annually on the Highways, by themselves, or in the Option of the Truf. tees, to pay a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling each Person, for the said Six Days Work; and it is hereby declared, that all those who are liable to perforin Services in Terms of this A<3, shall be obliged to perform the lame, at any Time from the Twenty-fifth Day of May to the Twenty-fifth Day of August: Provided nevertheless, that no such Person shall be obliged to perform Statute Work on any Road out of the District in which he rtfides; and that it shall be lawful for the Trustcts in their annual District Meeting assembled, to free or exempt from any Part of the said Work or Payment of the Conversion thereof, all such Persons as shall appear to them to be in indigent Circumstances, or unable to perform the same.

XIII. And whereas, there are but few Bye Roads in that Part of CMverfran'r County fuuated to the West of Locblomond, and of the River Levin, certain Dif- and a great Population therein, and in the Town of Dumbarton, which tricu. renders itunneceflary to levy the Converfwns hereby allowed in lieu of

Labour, to the full Amount thereof in the Town and in that Part of the County aforesaid; be it therefore enacted, That in the Town of Dum-barton, and in the Districts to the West of Locblomond and the River Levin, the Conversions of the Six Days Labour to which all Occupiers of Land, Heritors, and Tenants are liable as aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum of Twelve Shillings Sterling on each Ploughgate, or Eighteen Shillings Sterling on each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, and so in Proportion for a larger or smaller Valuation or Quantity of Land} and the Conversions.of the Scatute Labour of each Cottager, OixftiQ' v Householder,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 17; 2$$

Householder, Labourer, Manufacturer, Tradesman, or others, liable In personal Services as aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling each Person.

XIV. And be it enacted, That every Person liable in such Statute Work P«rr-n? rt%-as aforesaid, who shall neglect or refofe to perform the fame, or to make Payment of the converted Prices thereof when required, within Ten Days mt' w..rkor after such Requifirions made to them either personally or at rheir Dwelling P^ th'Con-Houses, or by Advertisements at the Parish Churches on a Sunday after the liamel, dou-Forenoon Service is ended, shall be liable in Manner following videlicet, bie h" «-Each Person failing to perform the Statute Work or to pay the Conversion, ^'beitvied shall be liable in double the Sum at which his Service or Labour shall bypoindinf. be convened; and the Whole of thele Oonversions in Money shall be levied

in virtue of a Warrant under the Hand of any One Justtre of the Peace of the said County, proceeding upon the Oath of the Collector or Overseer, that such Person has not paid or has been absent; and, that such Warrants shall contain Authority for arrtfting the said Persons Effefh, and for poinding and distraining the fame; and that the Officer to whom the same shall be directed, shall summarily seize and d (train the readied Goods or Eflefts of the said Person, and shall at the End of Three Days after such Difbels, sell the same by publick Roup or Auction to the highest Offerer, at the Market Town or Village next to the Grounds of the Lands upon which such Distress was made, for Payment of the Sum for which such Person or Persons shall respectively be liable, and of the necessary Charges, rendering the Overplus to the Owner; and no Suspension, Appeal, Complaint or Action shall flop the Performance of the Statute Seivices or Payment of the converted Prices thereof, for that Year in which they hatfe been appropriated; saving always nevertheless to the Parties, their Redress by a Complaint to the Trustees at their next General Meeting, or to the next Quarter Sessions, either from the Persons by whom they shall have been ageritved, or out of their several Duties, Services, and Convcrfions for the Year next after the Determination of any such Complaint.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the respective District Meet- District Meetings shall annually on or before the last Tuesday of March '0npg^"u*ke make up an exact and regular Report, containing an Account of Accounts.

the whole Money received and expended on Highways and Bridges; and also of the Number of Persons who have performed Statute Work, or paid the Composition for the fame, the Work performed, and the Offences committed for the preceding Year, within the Difititt under their Direction respectively; and such Report signed by the PrcJes and Clerk of the respective Dillridt Meetings, shall be transmitted by the said Clerk to the Clerk of the General Meeting to be held at Dumbarton, at leaf! Eight Day* before the General Annual Meeting-, and shall by the Clerk of the General Meeting be entered in his Book, and laid before the Trustees at their said Meeting; and in case of Failure to make out and transmit such Report, the Preles and Clerk of the District Meeting to failing, shall each be liable in a Penalty or Fine of Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to be levied by Drltrefs in Manner before mentioned.

XVI. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees of a D'(Ui"Truf.

District, provided 1 wo-Thirds of those present at a Meeting agree to do so, to borrow upon the Credit of the Coovetfion Money within such 7 District,

tecs mi) uor-

ry*l M rt y on

ihe i.ion t or thtCouvcifion

2$6

for making new Roads, fcc. and may enter into Contracts.

Empowering Orerfeers to take Materials for making and repairing the Road I.

Preventing

Obit ructions on the Roads, and to remove Nuitancea.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

District, such Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall deem expedient, either for making any new Line of Ro>d, or repairing any Road or Roads within the District which may require an extraordinary Repair, so that these Sums do noc in all at any Time exceed Four Years Amount of the Conversion Money of such District, and the Meeting at which such Loan is to be proposed, shall be called specially for the Purpose, Notice thereof being always given Ten Days at lead previous to such Meeting upon a Sunday, by Advertisements at the ParishJChurch Doors; and the said Trustees shall he authorized to assign to the Lenders, the Proportion after mentioned of the said Conversion Money, for such a Term of Years as shall be sufficier.t to repay the Sums borrowed, and the Inter; (I thereof; and the said Trustees shall further be empowered to enter into Contracts or Agreements for making, repairing, and upholding the said Roads, for any Term not exceeding Four Years, as the said Trustees shall think fit j it being howeverprovided that not more than OneHalfof the Lid Conversion Money in any District shall either be assigneb in Secur.ty for Loans, Or appropriated for such Contracts for making, repairing, and upholding the said Roads, the remaining Half of the said Fund* being alw ys re-served to be disposed of at the Annual Distridk Meetings, or Adjourned Meetings.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Overseers (after having first obtained a Warrant for so doing, under the Hand of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace), shall be and are hereby empowered to take out of any Lands that shall appear to them most proper and convenient (not being Gardrns Orchards, planied Walks, Lawns or Pleasure Grounds, or the Avenue to any House, or any Piece or Parcel of Ground which has been set apart as a Nursery for Trees previous to the passing of this Act, or the Banks of Lochlomond, or the Beds or Bank- of Rivers in the Districts West of Leven, or the Sea Shore, without Permission from the Proprietors) Stones, Sand, Gravel, and other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads, doing the lea ft Damage possible, and making Satisfaction to the Owner or Occupier of the Grounds, the Amount of such Satisfaction to be ascertained by any Two Justices of the Peace of the said County as herein-after directed.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person (ha'1 leave Carts or other Carriages, a longer Time than may be necessary, or (with the Exception of Materials for repairing the said Roads, and that under the Authority and with the express Approbation of One or more Trustees) shall lay or cause to be laid any Timber, Stone, Lime, Dung, Comport, Soil, or Matrer whatsoever, on or within Five Yards of the said Roads, uuleis within a sufficient Fence, except Materials for building Houses and inclosing Grounds, no Part however of which shall be laid on the Road, or into the Ditches or Drains along the Sides thereof; and any Person or Persons lo offending and convicted thereof before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon his or her own Confession or upon the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be recovered and levied in the same Manner, as the converted Price of Labour, One Half to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to be applied in making and repa.ring the Road within the District; and if any such Materials or other Matter or

Thing

257

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Thing shall be allowed to lie and remain on any of the said Roads, for the Space of One Day, it shall moreover be lawful for the said Trustees or any Two of them to (cl) the lame by publick Auction, and to apply the Proceds thereof, after deduding Expences to the Repair of the said Roads; and no Person under the Forfriture or Penalty aforesaid, to be recovered and applied as aforesaid, shall mak , ered, or construd any Saw Pits, Tan Pits, Lint Ponds, Quarry or Gravel Pits, within Five Yards of the said Roads, nor any Lime Kilns, Brick Kilns, Cinder Kilns, Furnaces, or other Nuisances within Twelve Yards of the said Roads, besides being obliged immediately to remove the fame, unless the same shall be fenced off in such Manner as to prevent any Danger or Detriment to Persons travelling on the said Roads

XIX. And be it enacted, That no Person shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drav/n upon any Part of the Roads any Tree, Log, P ece of Timber, or any Stone, or other Thing whatsoever, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage; nor shall any Person suffer any Tree, Log, Pirceof Timber, Stone, or other Thing, which shall be conveyed on a Wheel Carriage to drag upon any Part of the said Roads; nor shall any Perlori turn a Plough upon any Part of the said Roads, orpafture Horses, or Cattle of any Kind on the Sides thereofand all Logs of Timber exceeding Twenty-four Feet in Length, shall be carried on Four Wheels, or on a Double Carriage; and whoever shall be convicted in Manner before mentioned of any of the said Offences, shall for every lich Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered and applied in Manner before directed; and no Person shall make any new Cut or Opening across any Part of the said Roads for the Purpose of directing any Watercourse, or otherwise, without the Authority of Two or more Trusttes of the District previously obtained in Writing, and whoever shall be convicted as aforesaid of such Offence, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be recovered and applied as above directed, besides being obliged to restore the Road so injured to its former State.

XX. And be it enacted, That no Person shall make or ered any House or other Buildings, excepting only Stone Fences or Walls not exceeding Six Feet in Height within Twenty Feet of the Centre of any of the said Roads, and any Person so offending shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to be recovered and applied as above directed; and the Persons so offending shall also be obliged when ordered to do so by any Two or more Trustees, immediately to remove every such House or other Building, and upon their failing to do (o within Thirty Days from the Time that a Notification in Writing has been given by any Two Trustees of the Encroachment, it shall be lawful for the District Trustees to order the said Buildings to be removed, and to charge the Offenders with the Expence of doing so, to be recovered in the same Manner with the other Foifcitures and Penalties as above directed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That each Heritor, Proprietor, or Owner of Ground adjacent to any of the Highways or Roads within the County aforesaid, shall at a proper Season of the Year as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, reduce the Hedges on the

[Lie. VPer.-] 3 T Sides

No Timber or Stone to be drawn on the Roads, except on a Whrel Carriage, &c.

No Person to turn n Plough or pallure Cattle.

No Buildings to be erected within

Twenty Feet of the Centre of the Roads.

Hedges to be k- p’ at a certain Height, and Gates to open into the Field.

258

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Sides of the said Highways to a Height not exceeding Five Feet (excepting the Fences of Pleasure or Garden Grounds) and shall by annually lopping orcutiing them at a proper Seas n of the Year keep them at or under the said Height; and after the passing of this Act every Gate adjacent to the said Highways shall be to construiled as to open inwards only into each Field or Inclosure; and opposite to every Gate or Finery Communicating with the said Highways there shall be laid a covered Way or Br.dge of Stones over the Drain on the Side of the Highways, which covered Way or Bridge must be contlantly kept free and clear that >he Water may pals through below the fame; and in case any Heritor, Proprietor, or Occupier of Ground adjacent to the said Highways, shall omit and fail to perform any of the R quisites above mentioned, it shall be competent for any Two of the irustees hereby appointed, by an Order signed by them, to ordain the same to be performed at the Expence of the Heritor, Proprietor, or Occupier as aforesaid, such Expence to be recovered by Application to any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who shall also award against the Offender the Expectes of the Application.

Rivi/lc miy be widened.

XXII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five of them, in a General or District Meeting afiembkd, shall be and hereby are empowered to widen or cause to be widened any Road to a Breadth not exceeding Thirty Feer, exclusive of the Ditches or Drains on each Side thereof; provided always, that in the Entries to Towns or Villages the said Trullees assembled as aforesaid, shall have Power to widen such Entries to a Breadth not exceeding Forty Feet, and for these Purposes the Trullees shall be empowered to remove Fences and Houses wtiofe Side Walls do not exceed Twelve Feet in Height or other" Obstructions, Six Months Notice being always given to the Proprietors or Possessors or H ,uses before the same are removed; and Satisfadlron being always made to the Proprietors or Possessors of Houses before the lame are removed, and Satisfaction being always made to the Owner or Owners and Lessees of Land, for so much Ground as shall be taken ro widen the said Roads above and beyond Twenty Feet Wide of clear passable Road, and for the Fences and Houses removed.

Km not tin

XXIII. And be it enacted, That no Road shall be widened or Houses or payment of Fences removed till ailual Payment of the Satisfaction ascertained be

Damage. made to the said Owner or Owners and Lessees of the Lauds where such

Road or Roads is or are widened in Manner herein directed.

Forerefting

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when any Fences are

new Fence., removed, new and sufficient Fences shall be made by the Owner or Owners and Lessees of Lands within Eight Calendar Months after the Removal of such Fences, under Forfeitute of a Sum equal to the Money paid to them for the fame; such Forfeiture to be applied towards the Repair of the Roads in such Diflrict.

T° p' rchite' And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trullees,

»f\iround." and t*ieY are hereby empowered to contrail and agree with all Bodies Politic or Corporate, and all Persons holding Lands under Entail, or subjeil to Li!e-rents, or other Incumbrances, with Tutors, Curators, Trullees, and every other Person though under legal Disabilityj

and

259

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

and all such Persons are hereby empowered and required to contract and agree with the Trustees, and to fell, let, and convey, to them, all such Lands, Houses or other Premises, as shall be necessary for repairing, aheting or widening the said Roads.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That if in the taking Poffiflion of the Ground on Difcgre*. necessary for aitering or widening the said Roads, or if in removing any m‘,1t with House, Fence, or other Impediment, the respective Owners or Occupiers v^ue’tVbe of such Lands, Houses, or other Impediments, shall not come to a afertained by voluntary Agreement with the Trustees for the Value thereof, or for aJury'

the Damaue fullained by, and the Recompence to be made to such Owiie s or Occupies, it shall be lawful for either Party to apply to the Sheriff Depute or Sheriff Substitute of the County of Dumbarton, who shall be empowered to determine the fame, with all Colts that may arise therefom; and the said Si e iff Depute or Sheriff Substitute shall summon a Jury to consist cf not fewer than Twelve qualified Perf'ons, to i-qu re into the Value of such Ground, Houses, or other Impediments, into the Dan age sustained by the Proprietors, and into the Recompence to be made by ihe Trustees for such Damage; and the Jury being sworn and impannrlled shall return a Verdict upon the Matters submitted to their 1 qi i y and Judgement, which shall be final; and the said Sheriff Dei tt i 01 Sufeftituie shall adjudge the Value and Recompence thereby awa ded to be paid to the Person or Persons having Right thereto; an t up) 1 the Sum awarded being paid by the Trustees to the Person or Persons to whom they have been so adjudged, or in case of his, her, or theit retufing to accept, upon being consigned in the Hands of the Trea'u er of the Bank of Scotland, or of the Royal Bank of Scotland, or in the Hands of the Manager of any Branch of either of the said Banks lcrpt within the Cour.ty oi Dumbarton, the Trustees shall have Right to remove the Owners or Occupiers of such Ground, Houses, or o'her Pretnrfes, to enter into the Pcffi-flion and Use thereof for the Purposes afire! nd, as lolly and effectually as if such Owners or Occupiers had executed regular Dip fitiorsof the fame, and Infeoftment had followed in favour of the Trustees; and the said Proceedings and Orders of the Snrriff Depute or his Substitute, shall be final, and not removable or quest.unable by Bills or Letters of Advocation or Supension to or by any otmr Court whatsoever, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the Event of such Expence of Jury awarding a greater Compensation than the Trustees shall have of- Jury by whom fried, but lets than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, shall n>bepa«i. have required, the Expence' of such Jury shall be defrayed and borne by the said Trustees and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally; but in case the Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum lo required or any greater Sum, the Whole of the said Expecte shall be paid by the said Trustees; and on the other Hand if the said Jury shall award the Sum offered by the said Trustees, or a iefs Sum, the Whole of the said Expences Shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall by r afon of AMence be prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Cults and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees } and pro-

11 vided

26o

M'>ney pay-alt* Pei-fwK under Entailr Dist-biKty, how tn be diipoiecl of,

If 2001. and Upwards.

If less than 200 1. ami above zo 1.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

vided also, that after having offered to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Houses, such Surr. as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for them to enter into or upon such Lands or Houses for t e Purposes of this Act, and no Hop shall in the mean Time be put to the Operations of the said Trustees on Pretence of settling the said Damage, or that rhey have not been satisfEd and paid; and in case any Person inicrested shall apply for and obtain from any Judge competent, a Warrant for ft pping the Execution of any of the Purposes to be carried on under the Authority of this Act, the said Judge shall be and is hereby empowered ai d directed to reca'I such Warrant, or remove any Sift obtained as aforesaid, provided Efficient Caution is found by the Trustees therein named fir the Amount of such Damages as may ultimately be awarded to the Person iuing for the fame, and ascertained in Manner herein-before preferred.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That whatever Money shall be paid determined by Agreement, or determined by Award as aforesaid, for Land', Tenements, H uf s, or other Subjfcts so taken or used by the Trustees, which were held under Entail, or subjift to Life-rent Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or belonging to any Corporation, married Woman, Minor, Lunatic, Idiot, or ot er Person under legal Disability or Incapacity, such Money, in c.fc the fame amount to Two hundred Pounds or upwards, shall be under the Authority and Pireftion of the Court of Session, and shall, without Delay be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or such other Bank as the Court shall direct, upon the highdt 1 uereft that can be got, in order that it may be applied, with he Appr* bation and by the Authority of the said Court, in the Purchase of Land Tax, o; in the Discharge of any Df-bt or Incumbrance affecting the said Lands. Houses, or other Subjects, or affect ng other Lands, Houses, or Subjects beioi ging to the fame Persons, and settled to the fame or like Uses, or under the like Conditions and Limitations; and when such Money cannot be applied toth'fe or like Purposes, then the lame shall belaid out in the Purchase or on the Security of other Lands, Houses, and other Subjects of the like Nature, and the Rights and Titles thereof shall be deviled to the same Person or Persons, or for their Benefit, to the fame Series of Heirs, far the fameUles and Purposts, and under the lame Provisions, Conditions, and Limitations, as the Lands, Houses, and other Subjects taken and used for the Purposes of this Act, were devised and settled, or such of them as shall be then existing and capable of taking effect; and in the irn-an Time, until such Purchase or Security can be effected, the Interest of such Money shall be paid, by Authority of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who for the Time would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses, or other Subjects so taken and used by the said Trustees.

XXIX.' And be it enacted, That if such Money be less than Two hundred Pounds, but shall exceed Twenty Pounds Sterling, then at the Option of the Person or Persons who for the Time being would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses, and other Subjects conveyed to or taken by the Trustees for the Purposes of this Act, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, or under the Hands of their Tutors, Curators, or Trustees, in Cafes of Minority, Lunacy, or Trust, to be paid into

26i

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

into one or other of the said Banks, under the fame Direction and Authority, to be applied in the Manner before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, ac the like Option, to Two Trustees to be named by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Two or more Trustees under this Act, in order that such Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in the Manner before dirtfted, so far as the Circumstances of the Cafe shall make it practicable.

XXX. And be it enacted, That where such Money shall be less than Twenty Pounds Sterling, then the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who for the Time being would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses, and othei Subjects so taken and conveyed for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the Trustees, or any Two or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Trust to his or their Trustees, or in case of Minority, or Lunacy to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators for the Use and Beucfit or such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Houses or other Subjects, purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refute to accept the Lme, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be fp awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, be not known or dist covered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties in-tcrested in the said Lands, Houses, or other Subjects (describing the m) subject to the Order, Controul, and Diipofttion of the Court of Session , whkh said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums ot M ;ney, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the lame Court shall ieein meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Dil-tribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Kltate or Estates, Title ot Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to ihe laid Court shall Irem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank ot Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or bums tf Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Pci Tons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the said Bank in pursuance of this Act, f. r the Putchale of any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, to be purchaLd in pursuance thereof, the

[.Loc. & Per.J 3 U Person

If less than

20I.

In case of not

making out Titles, &c.

Purchife Money tb be paid into the Bank;

subject to the Order of the Comt cf Session.

Where any Question shall arise touching the Right to such Money.

26 2

The Court may order realm-able Exp: rices of Purchases to be pa <1 by TrulUen.

Roads to b: meafuied and M.ie Stones erected.

4B6 GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Person or Persons who shall have been in the Pofilflion of such Lands, Houses, and other Subjects, at the Time of such Purchase. and a!: Persons claiming under such Person or PerLns, or under the Possessi.m of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken 10 have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, ai cording to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money and the Interest thercol ih 11 be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such P, lft(Iion was a wrongful P, ffdfton, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, or to some Estate or Iniereft therein.

XXXIII. Provided always, andbeit further enacted, That whereby reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Person:., or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Houses, or oth> r Subjects to be purchased und. r the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the famr (had nc required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applic.d in the t'orch. fe of other Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, to be settled to the i ke Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be Uwiul for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from T me to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, 01 so much of such Expei ces as the Court shall deem reasonable, togtther with the nectffiry Colls and Charge of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposts as the Lid Court shall direct.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the fuiJ Trustees, or any p'ive or more of them, in a general or district Meeting a (Tern bled, shall cause the Roads to be measured, and Stones or Pills to be trebled near the Sides thereof, denoting the Distance of eath Mile, and also Way Polls at all the Ciofs Roads j and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, dellroy, damage, pull up, or remove any such Stones, Poll-, or Way Pods, or obliterate or deface any Letters or F.gures that shall be made, inscribed, or put thereon, and shall be thereof convicted before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Dunbarton, or of the County where the Offender or Offenders fr.all rtlide, such Person or Persons so offending, shall respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling fwr every Stone or Pod so wilfully broken, destroyed, damaged, pulled up, removed, obliterated, or defaced, to be levied and recovered in the same Manner as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be recovered and levied , and such Forfeitures shall be applied One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety in repairing the Stones or Pods so broken up, damaged, or defaced, or in supplying new ones in their Stead; and if theie shall be any Overplus of such Forfeitures, the same shall be laid out in repairing the said Roads; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully throw down, dellroy, or damage any of the Bridges upon the said Roads, or the Ledges or Parapet Walls, or other Parts thereof, and shall be convicted as aforesaid, of any such Offence, every such Person shall, beftdes paying the Expence of repairing the Damage done, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, to be recovered as aforesaid, One Half of which Penalty shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half shall be applied in repairing the

Roads

263

48° GEORG IT III. Cap. 17.

Roads aid Bridges within the Dlftridt where the said Damage shall have been done;' and in case the Person or Persons so offending and convicted shall have no sufficient Goods and Chattels, whereon such Forfeitures may be levied,then it shall anti may be liwiul for any One or more Justice or Joffices of the Peace aforesaid, by Warrant under his or their Hand or Hand% to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of the County, there to remain for any Space not exceeding Three Calendar Months,or until Payment of the Penalty aforesaid.

XXXV. And be it enacted, That the TrusteesofDiftriifls within the County t^evcar)n°’’c,!l shall be empowered to apply such a Proportion of the Conversion AflfefT- pairing ment levied in the District, as they shall judge fit and expedient for re- Bridges, pairing an 1 building Bridges within the said District, and when it happens that a Bridge either to be repaired or built, is so ficuated as to unite irparate Districts, the Expence of the same shall be defrayed by the Dil-

tndls in Proportion, always to the Amount of the Conversion Assessment respectively kvitd therein.

XXXVI. And whereasgreat Inconvenience is ortenoccafioned to the Public M'"* for Want of proper Powers to alter the Direfcion and Course of impro- RoadVand per and in onvenienr Roads, and to fliuc up superfluous and useless aittrineon-Roads: B- it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the said vin,emRu4 * several Dish id! Meetings, or to any Person or Persons in the County conceiving themselves interested therein, to apply by Peticion to any of the General'C'ottfry Meetings to have such Alterations made, or such super-

fiuous and useless "Roads (hut up, which General Meetings shall thereupon name a Committee of at least Five Commissioners, Three of whom to be a Quorum, to inspect such Ro.id:, and to report their Opinion of what is proposed to the next General Meeting, and shall also order the said Prtition to be intimated Two Calendar Months before the Meeting of such Committee, to the P oprietor or Proprietors of the Grounds through which the Roads lead, either personally or at their Dwelling Heufcr, if they reside withm ihe County, or if they do not, to the Pof-l’effors of the Grounds, and by public Advertisements at the Church Doors of that and the Two next adjacent Parish Churches, immediately on the aifmifling of the Forenoon Congregation, and upon such Report being made 10 the then next General Meeting, they shall hear all Parties having Interest therein, and they are hereby empowered, if they fee just Cause, to ordain the Direction and Coutfe of any Road leading through any Part of the said County to be altered and changed, and also to ordain any fupetflucus or useless Road or Roads to be (hut up: Provided always, iliac nothing herein contained shall be construed to confer on the said Trustees a Power to alter the Coutfe of or shut up any Turnpike Road: Provided always, that it shall be made appear to the said General MeeiF g, that a new and better Road or Roads can and shall be fubltitured in the Room o! those which shall be altered, and that the Interests of the County will not be hurt by (hutting up any such superfluous Roads; and that it will be for the Benefit of the private Proprietor who applies to have the fame shut up: And provided also, that such new Road shall in no case be carried through any Lawn, Avenue, Garden, Orchard, or Pleasure or Nur-fery Ground, adjoining to any Gentleman’s Mansion House, so as to incommode the fame, and that no Damage be done to any House or Building, or to any Timber that affords Shelter or Beauty to any of the Premises;

and

264

Trustees may assess the Districts in 10 8. Scots on each 1001. Scots of valued Rent.

For repairing sudden Damages.

Application of Money levied.

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

and the said General Meeting shall appoint the said Committee, or arty Three of them, One of them always being a Justice of the Peace, to oversee and fix the Line of Direction for the new Highway, as direct d by the said General Meeting, and to fct off the Land necessary for the fame; as also to fix and ascertain the Proportion of the C impensation directed to be paid for the Damage occasioned by such Alteration, in Manner hereinbefore provided, which shall be borne or defrayed by any Heritor or Heritors receiving Benefit therefrom, and also the Proportion to be paid by such Heritor or Heritors, of the Expence of making and completing such Alteration, such Proportion of such Damage and Expence to be recovered from such Heritor or Heritors in the same Manner that the aforesaid Conversion is hereby directed to be recovered; and in case any Party or Parties shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by the Judgement of the said Committee thereon, it shall be lawful for such Party or Parties to appeal to the next General County Meeting, who shall immediarely hear and determine the lame; and in calc any Party or Parties shall b distatisfied with the Judgement of the said General Meeting thereon, ir (fall be competent to them to apply to the Court of Stffi >n for Redrels within Six Calendar Months; and in case the said Court of Session shall affirm the Judgement of the said General Meeting, they shall award full Colts of Sui- , and it shall be in the Power of the said General Meeting to defray the Exp nee which may be incurred before the Court ot Session out of the County Funds, if they shall see Caule.

XXXVII. And whereas it has been found by Experience that the Sum of Ten Shill ngs Sects upon each One hundred Pounds S ots of valued Rent, authorized to be levied by an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, made in the Second Parliament of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing Highways and Bridges \ is inefficient for the Purposes therein mentioned; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the Trustees of each District at their annual Meeting, to assess the District in a further Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Scots, upon each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent to be expended and laid out upon the Bridges within the said District and that the old Assessment of Ten Shillings Scots on each One hundred Pounds Siots shall be and the fame is hereby reserved to be at the Disposal of the Justices of the Peace as formerly.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of any sudden Damage being done to any Bridge or Bridges within the said County, and which may require an immediate Support or Repair, ic shall be in the Power of any Two Trustees and they are hereby empowered to give Orders for making such Repair or Repairs, but so as the Sum to be expended thereupon shall not exceed Five Pounds Sterling; and that the Money so expended shall be provided for and paid by the Order of the next General Meeting, on Application to them for that Purpose.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That the Sums to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act, shall be applied by the said Trustees, wholly and totally to the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, and to no other Purpose or Ufc whatsoever; and the Trustees at their first Meeting, are hereby authorized to afiefs the County for the Expence of this Act.

4

48' GEORGII III. Cap. 17. 265

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Extent of the Sa’tisfaction to be , For ascerrain-made to any Person t r Persons for the Damage sustained by such Person or 'nSDam»i{«-Persons in Consequence of the Powers granted by this Act, except as to altering or widening the Roads as above mentioned, shall be a'certained and tietemiiaed by a Sentence of Two Justices of the Peace; and that in case such Person or Persons shall think themselves aggrieved by such Sentence they may apply for Redtefs in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this ^ppitaMon* Act imposed, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods of Penalties, and Chattels (if not directed by this Act to be otherwise levied) by Warrant under the Hands of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County, or of the County where the Offender shall be or reside; and the Person or Persons distraining such Goods and Chattels are hereby authorised and empowered after the Space of Three Days, after such Distress shall be made and taken, to fell the Goods so distrained by Publick Roup or Auction, and return the Overplus Money (if any be) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after such Penalties and Forfeiture', with the reasonable Charges ofdistraining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be deducted and paid; and the said Forfeitures when recovtred, if not otherwise directed, to be applied by this Act, shall be applied One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety towards carrying this Act into Execution, as the said Trullees shall dirtft; and all Penalties and Forfeitures contained in this Act, shall be payable over and above all necessary Expences incurred in prosecuting for the same.

XLII. And be italfo enacted, That all Actions and Complaints for all or Limitation of any of the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, and for any Actions. Wrong or Injury done or suffered in any Matter relative to, or in consequence of any of the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall unless herein otherwise provided, be originally brought before Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County, and shall be commenced within the Space of Three Calendar Months afeer the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred, or Wrong done or Injury suffered, and not afterwards.

XLIII. Provided always That in case any Person or Persons shall think himself cr themselves aggrieved by the Sentence or Judgement of the Justices of the Peace, upon any of the Matters or Things referred to their Determination, it shall and may be lawful to the said Person or Persons to appeal for Redress to the next General Quarter Sessions of the said County, at which not fewer than Three Justices shall be prefenc , and such Appeal shall be ledged within Six Days after the Sentence complained of, and the Sentence of such General Quarter Sessions, shall be final and conclusive, without being subject to Advocation, Suspension, or Reduction, or to Review in any Way whatever.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall ^entor subject Clergymen to perform any Services, or to the Payment of any their Manfet-Conversion on Account of their Manses and Glebes.

XLV. And be it enacted, That the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall take place from and after the passing thereof, and have continuance [Loc. Ssf Per.J 3 £ during

Commencement,

266

[Public Act.]

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. i'].

during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken tobe a Public Act, and shallj be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*j|f i(f*(H(f*i|:

Cap. 18.

An Act for enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal to complete the same.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and 4.1 G.j. maintaining a navigable Canal, from or from near the Town of Croydon, in the County of Surrey, into the Grand Surrey Canal in the Parish of Saint Paul Deptford, in the County of Surrey and for /applying the Towns of Croydon, Streatham, and Dulwich, and the District called Norwood in the Parish of Croydon, in the said County of Surrey, and the Town of Sydenham, in the County of Kent, with Water from the said Canal j it was enacted, that the several Persons therein named, and such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, as should at any Time thereafter be pcffclfed of One or more Share or Shares in the said Canal and Undertaking, and the Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of such several Persons and Bodies, should be, and they were thereby accordingly united into a Company, for the making, completing, and maintaining the said Canal, and the Aqueducts and other Works thereby authorized to be made, by the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Croydon Canal; and it was thereby further enacted, that it should be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in such Proportions as they should think pioptr, a Sum of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Fifty thousand [Lee. £sf P rr.] 3 T Pounds

c.itj.

270

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

Pounds (excepc as therein-after mentioned); which said Sum of Money should be laid out and applied, in the first Place, in discharging the Expences of obtaining and passing the said Act, and then towards the making, completing, and maintaining the said Canal and aqueducts, and other requisite Works and Conveniences, and otherwise for putting the said Act in Execution; and if that Sun should be found infnffkienc for thoff.Purposes, the said Company of Proprietors were authorized to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in Manner and F< rm aforesaid, or by the Admission of nL> Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money, fur completing and perfi-sting the said Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds; or to borrow and take up at Inrereft, all or any Part of the said Sum of Thirty thouCnd Pounds, on the Credit of the said Undi-rtaking; and to assign the Property of the fame Undertaking, and the Rates arising or to arise to the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of the said Act, or any Part thereof, as a Security for the Sums so borrowed, with Incereft, to the Persons advancing the fame: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have raised by Subscription amongst themselves, in Shares of One Hundred Pounds, the Sum of Forty-leven thousand five hundred and eight Pounds, and have borrowed on the Security of the said Canal the Sum of Twenty thousand three hundred and fifty-seven Pounds, and have received from the Sale of Timber and Clay, and from the Rent of Land One hundred and ninety-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Sixpence, making together the Sum of Sixty-eight thousand and sixty Pounds Sixtten Shillings and Sixpence, and they have expended the Whole thereof, excepc a Balance of Four hundred and forty-nine Pounds Nineteen Shillings and One Penny, now remaining in their Hands, in executing a considerable Part of the said Canal, buc the said Company of Proprietors having, for the better Accommodation of the Public, executed the Canal upon a larger Scale than was in Contemplation when the original Estimate of the Expence was made, and having in consequence constructed a greater Number of Locks than was at first intended, and having expended a considerable Sum of Money in forming Two large Reservoirs, which it has been found advantageous to form for supplj-ing the Canal with Water, instead of raising the Water by Steam Engines, as was originally designed; from these Circumstances, and from the high Prices which the Company of Proprietors have been obliged to pay for Land beyond what the said Land was estimated ar, and from the greac Rile which has taken place since the original Ellimare was made in the Prices of Timber, Bricks, and other Materials, and of Labour, there is found to be wanting, for the discharging of the Sums of Money now owing on account of the said Canal, and for the completely finishing the fame, and the Works thereunto belonging, the further Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds: May it therefore please Your Majesty Thac it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Rates, Tolls, Duties, Clauses, Powers, Exemptions, Rules, Remedies, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Matters, and Things whad'oever therein contained, slave and excepc such Parts of the lame as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed,) final) be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, and

ftull

m

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as ii the fame had been repeated and re-enacted in this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raise, by the Ways and Means herein-after mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, although the Whole of the Money authorized and intended by the said recited Act to be raised may not have been raised and paid, and the Money so to be raised, after paying and discharging the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, shall be applied and disposed of in paying the several Sums of Money now due and owing by the said Company of Proprietors, and the Coils, Charges, and Expences of completing and maintaining the said Canal and other Works.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being, to raise the Whole of the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds or any Part or Parts thereof, as to them shall seem right and proper, by creating new or additional Shares of One hundred Pounds each, or at such other Rate or Value per Share, as the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time think proper, and to dispose of the fame at such Price or Prices as to the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time seem meet and convenient.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as directs that no Bsdy Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or Person becoming a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, shall become a Proprietor of more than Five Shares, either in his own Name, or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons, in Trult for him or her, (unless the same shall come to him or them, by Will, Bequest, Descent, Right of Administration, or Marriage) upon Pain of forfeiting to the faiil Company of Proprietors, all such Shares exceeding Five Shares, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, possessed of any Share or Shares in the present Capital Stock of the said Company of Proprietors, to accept and take lo many of the said new Shares as shall be proportionate to the Number of Shares holden by such Person or Persons in the present Capital Stock, within One Month after Notice shall have been given, (in any Newspaper or Newspapers, published, or usually circulated in the said County of Surrey, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors at any General or Special Assembly shall think peoper) of the Intention to create such new or additional Shares, and in Default thereof, after the Expiration of the said Time, any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, possessed of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, who shall make Application for any such new or additional Shares at the next ensuing General or Special Alfrmbly of the said Company of Proprietors

Authorizing liie Company to raise Money-

Company may raise Thirty thousand Pounds by creating new Shares.

Repealing so much of Act as relates to the Number of Shares.

Difp linen of uew Snares.

272

iTtw Proprietors io enjoy the fame Privileges as old Proprietors.

Committee may raise the said 30,00 jI. by Piomiffory Notes.

Ho’ders of Notes not to be ad pitted Proprietors for a lets Principal than sool.

For proving the Title to Shares in Cafrs of intestacy.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

prietors, shall be entitled to any Number of such new or additional Share* at such Rate or Value as shall be fixed by the said Company of Proprietor, pursuant to the Power herein-before given for that Purpose, and in case any such Share or Shares shall remain undfposed of, after such last mentioned General or Special Assembly, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, to lell or dispose of the same to any Person or Persons whomsoever, in such Manner and at such Price or Prices as they shall think proper and expedient.

VI. And be it further enacted, That each and every Proprietor of each and every Share which shall or may be created by virtue of this Act, shall be entitled to such and the fame Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, and shall be subject to such and the same Rules, Regulations, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as if the Share or Shares so holden by him, her, or them, were P rt of the Shares already created by virtue of the said recited Act, and now vested in the several and respective Proprietors of the said Undertaking, and the Admission of all and every Person and Persons to any such new Share or Shares, by any Order or Resolution of the Uid Company of Proprietors, shall be and be deemed to be a good and efltttual Title to such Person or Persons, and his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, on his, her, cr their paying to the said Company of Proprietors or their Treasurer or Treasurers, the Purchase Money or Price agreed to be paid for such Shares respectively.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it (had and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, in case they shall think it meet and expedient to borrow the Whole of the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon Promissory Notes under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors; and all such Notes shall be made payable in such Manner and at such Time or Times, and with such legal Rate of Interest, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper; and all such Notes shall be made either with or with-out a Power in the respective Holders thereof, to have an Option of becoming a Proprietor of One Share of One hundred Pounds in the said Under, taking, in lieu of the Principal Money by such several Promissory Notes to be secured, or so much or such Part thereof as the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee for the Time being, and the Person or Persons advancing such Money on the Security of the said Notes, shall jointly agree upon: Provided always, that no Person shall in any Case be admitted to be a Proprietor of any Share in the said Undertaking, in lieu of a less Principal Sum of Money than One hundred Pounds, advanced on the Security of such Notes; and the Terms and Particulars upon which the respective-Holders of such Notes shall be entitled to such Option of becoming a Proprietor or Proprietors in the fud Undertaking, shall be fully exprefifed and fee forih in the said several and respective Notes.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons possessed of any Share or Shares in the said Canal shall die Intestate, the Letters of Administration of his, her, or their Eifefts, shall be produced to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, in like Manner as the Probates of Wills are by the said recited Act required to be produced, and that upon the Production of such Letters of Administration, or of an Affidavit containing a Copy thereof, and sworn as in the said

q recited

273

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

recited Act is mentioned, the Person or Persons claiming in Course of Administration shall become entitled to the Share or Shares held by the Intestate, in like Manner as Persons claiming under any Will will become entitled upon the Production of the Probate of such Will, or of an Affidavit containing such Parts thereof as is in the said recited Act expressed.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates authorized to Rato tohea be demanded and taken by virtue of the said recited Act Stall be

a Security for each and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be Bonowed, borrowed as aforesaid, with Interest, to the Person or Persons who shall from Time to Time be entitled to such Securities; and all Persons to whom any such Securities as aforesaid shall be given, shall be equally entitled to such Securities; and all Persons to whom any such Securities as aforesaid shall be given, shall be equally entitled to a Claim or Lien on the said Rates, in Proportion to the respective Sums of Money advanced and lent by them respectively on the Credit of the said Rates, without any Preference, by reason of the Priority of the Date of any such Notes, in like Manner as if such Sums of Money had been advanced and lent upon Mortgage or Alignment of the said Rates, in pursuance or by virtue of the said recited Act.

X. Provided always and be it enacted, That in case the said Company P»wet toraifc of Proprietors shall think it more advisable or proper to raise the Whole of Mortage!! the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, by Mortgage of the Rates authorized to be collected by virtue of the said recited Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to borrow and take up at legal Interest, by any such Mortgage as aforesaid, from any Person or Persons, upon the Credit of the said Rates, or any of them, the Whole of the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby authorized and empowered to assign and make over their Interest; and Property in the said Undertaking and other Works, and the Rates to arise by virtue of the said recited Act, or any Part thereof, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, with Interest, to the Person or Persons who shall advance the fame, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, by Deed of Mortgage, in like Manner and Form, and with and subject to the like Powers and Directions for transferring every such Mortgage and registering the fame, and with and subject to the like Remedies, Regulations, and Provisions touching and concernina the fame, and the Interest arising therefrom, as are mentioned or contained in and by the said recited Act, respecting the borrowing of Money, and the S«-curities to be made for the same.

XI. And be it further enacted, Thatfo much of the said recited Act as Forrepraling declares that in all Cafes where, in making the said Canal, aqueducts, or *hj

other Works thereby authorized, or any Road or Roads thereto relpec- relating he lively, there should be occasion to rut through or ulc any Part of any rl

Commons or Wastes, (except in the said Parish of Creydon) the Conveyance moL of* of such Parts of such Commons or Wastes by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Waite Landi Ladies, of the Manor or Manors in which the fame were situate, to the said Company of Proprietors, should be a good and sufficient Conveyance £6? Per.] Z = thereof

27+ > (jGE GRGII HR Gup. 18.

thereof (wuhoi.it the Com«noners or other Persons interested therein joirv ing in such Convejance); and that the Commissioners therein appointed lVioold ascertaih'what Proportion of the Purchase Money fhotfid be due to the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, for his,-her, or their Interest in loch Lands,'and that such Proportion should be thereupon paid to him, h r, or tlfcrr, for his her, or their own Use, and that the Remainder of the said Pur Chafe Money Iliould be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish in which such Lands should lie, and be applied by them in aid of the Poors Rates, and tnar the Receipts of the said Lord or Lards, 1 adv or Ladies, and of such Overseers rel'pedfively, should be sufficienc D>lcharge$ to the said Company of Prop ictors for the fame, Stall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void to allintents and Purposes whatsoever.

what n'lice

XII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as it shall be to^Vio/tlnf hrceli-ry or expedient for the Purposes of making the said Canal and t'reiteii, in v.* Aqucdudls, or any other the Works to be made, maintained, and sup-Chmcf«Gn*. pofied by virtue of the said recited Act, to take or make use of any Waite La"ils. feomrr.on or, Waste Ground, or any Part or Parts thereof, and all’o when and as often as any Common or Wade Ground shall have been already 'ta-ken and used for the Purposes aforesaid, but is ljot yet paid for, then 1 and irt every such Case the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors, or any Three or more of them, shall cause Notice of their In-; tention of taking or making ule of the fame, or of their having taken L and made use Df the fame (as the Case may be), to be affixed on the Church Door of the Parish or Piace wherein such Common or W lie Ground is situate, lying, and being, or in such other coofpicu-us Place where Notices of Vestry for such Parish or Place are usually affixed, and of requiring a Meeting of the Commissiontrrs appointed by ihc said recited Act, or a Jury to be impanelled, sum-naoned, and returned, (on a certain Day and Time and Place, in such Notice to be Ipectfied,) in Manner by the said recited Act directed, for the Pnrpoie of settling and determining the Purchase Momy, Annual Rent or Satisfaction, to be paid, given, or made for such Comm >n or Waste Ground, or for such Part or Parts thereof, to be taken and made U e of by the said Company of Proprietors, for the Purposes of the said recited Act; and the said Committee, or any Three or more of them; shall cau'e the like Notice to be given to or left at the ialt or ul oaf Place or Places of Abode of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or reputed Lord or Lords, Lhly or Ladies of the Manor or Manors in which such Common or Waste Ground shall be situate, lying, or being, and such Notices, when so affixed and given, shall be and be deemed to be full and sufficient Notice to all Person% Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, concerned, or having any Right or Interest into, over, or upon such Common or Waste Ground: Provided always, that there shall be Twenty-one Days at the lead bttween the Day or Days on which such Notices respectively shall be so affixed and given as aforesaid, and the Day on which such Commissioners 01 Jury shall appear, for the Purpose of settling and determining such Porchale Money, Annual Ken;, or Satrsfaflioo as aforesaid; Provided allb, that nothing herein contained shall extend or he conflrm-d to extent] to the Commons or Waste Lands within the Parish c f Croydon alQresaid.

48° GEORGII III. Ci/.i8. 375

XIII. And be it farther enacted, That In case the Person or Persons ofunot to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase xkleil6 °Ut of any Lands, Tenements-, or Hereditaments purchased or to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, shall refjufe to accept the fame, or in case any such Person or Persons as aforesaid, or any Person or Persons who shall haveagreedor shall hereafter agree with the said Company of Proprietors for the Sale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall not be able to makeagoodTitle to the Premises,to the Satisfaction of the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors, or any Five or more of them, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heredirannents, be not known or discovered, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee, or any Five or more of them,

to order the said Sum br*Sums of Money so awarded or due as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenement.1', or Hereditaments, (describing the m) subject to the Order, Coh-ttoul, and Dispofinon of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Appbcation of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is heribv empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the f me C ourt shall leem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates,

Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and rcaEnable, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Banjc of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and spec;fying for what and for whose Ule the fame is or arc received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Meetings may for the said Company of Proprietors, in cale they shall think it right and London'or proper, to hold their stated General Assemblies, or Special General Westminster. Assemblies, or any of them, within the Cities of London and Westminster,

or either of them, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors to hold the;r several Meetings, or any of them, within the Cities of London and Westminster, or either of them; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Boat or other Vessel liable,to Boat* under,* p<y any Tonnage under the last recited Act, of less Burthen than Twenty Lock! but 'l orn, shall pals through any of the Locks made by virtue of the said °n«rt*in recited Act, without the Consent in Writing of the said Committee or Coad,lon, Clerk .0 the said Company of Proprietors (being the reunto authorized

determined by the said Company of Proprietors or Committee), unless the Owner,

Matter, or ct! e Person having the Care of such Boat or other Vessel, shall pay the fame Tonnage, according to the respective Rates in the i id

& recited

276 4 GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

recited Act mentioned, as for a Boat, Barge, or Vessel l^den with Twenty Tons.

r

TublicAft.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 19.

An Act for continuing the Term of Two Acts of His present Majesty for amending the Road from the Town of Biddenden, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Ashford to Fever flam at Bound-gate, in the Couty of Kent.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road from the Town of Biddenden, in the Weald of Kent, 6G-3* through the Towns of Smarden and Charing, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Ashford to Fevertham, at a Place called Boundgate: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Town G- 3* of Biddenden, in the Weald of Kent, through the Towns of Smarden and Charing, to join the Turnpike Road which leads from Ashford to Fevertham, at a Place called Boundgate: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said fevetal Acts have proceeded in the Execution of the fame, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted , which still remains due and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be properly amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majestyf by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and D . . . , IVvfc.] 4 a

278

48* GEORGII III. Cap. ig.

every the Tolls, Clauses, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Provisions, Regulations, blatters, and Things therein rejfoeGively contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), shall be and continue in full Force and and shall be executed for and during the Term' herein-

after mehtfoHed, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, byt subject nevertheless to the Amendments arid Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect from and after the passing'of this Act.

Exemptions

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this from lolls. Act, no Toll shall be demanded or received for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle passing through any Gate now erected or hereafter to be erected on the said Road, and drawing any Carriage going for or returning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Parishes or Places in which the Road hereby intended to be repaired, or any Part thereof, do lie, or any Dung, Mould, Soil or Comport of any Kind (Chalk and Lime excepted), for the manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground; nor shall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle going for the Purpose of or return-ing from ploughing, sowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Ground; or going for or returning unladen or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood, not sold or disposed of but to be laid up in the Houses, Ouihouses, Yards, or on the Premises of the Owner or Owners thereof; or for any Plough, Harrow, Dray, or other Implement of Husbandry; or for any Horl'e, or other Bead or Cattle, drawing or carrying the fame in order for the repairing thereof, or using the fame in Husbandry; or for any Horse, or other Beast or Cattle, going to or returning from Water or Parture, or going to be or returning from being shoed or farried; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Portmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the fame, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for the Horses of Soldiers on the March or on Duty, or Carriages or Horses, or other Beasts employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of such Soldiers; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemptions; or for any Carriage, Horse, or other Bead employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Partes; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parish through which any Part of the said Roads doth lie, who shall pass through any of the said Tumpikes to or from his, her, or their respective Parish Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on Sundays or on Chri/inws Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person dying and to be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 19. 279

upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on Christmas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Iiorfe, Cattle, or Bead carrying any Passenger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, or Chair, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Kent, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such E left ion shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, or shall make use of any Fraud whatsoever whereby the Payment of the Tolls granted and continued by the said recited Acts and this Act, or any Part thereof, shall be evaded, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or Statute La* shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards bour-repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order, Yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Portion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the fame do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofuion for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount t?f the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall front Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Competition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as

28o 48° GEORGII lit. dap. 19.

the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall dir eft; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said TrusteeSj shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Eeafts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false and imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Application

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or ron"Mono'^if awar^ec^ to he paid for any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments purchased, amounting to taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this 200I. ° Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Bodies Politick,

Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or to any Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots, Lunaticks, or other Trustees whatsoever, for or in Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or Cestuique Trusts, Idiots, Lunaticks, or for any other Person or Persons whomsoever, such Money shall in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed so his Account there ex pane the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signiiied by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or aflefting other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes;

or

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 19. 281

or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the fame shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Utes,

Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands,

Grounds, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be exirting 'undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities'; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds! or Hereditaments of Co m pen fa-purchased, taken, or used for the Purpose aforesaid, and belonging tc any [efs^haniool Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as and amount-aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall ingto 20I. exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all Rich

Cafes the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands') be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the fame shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Application so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than of Compenfa-Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall be applied to tion Money the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been 1 jers thaB entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purpose of the said recited Acts

and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more [Loe. {*? Per.} 4 of

282 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of not

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to Titlesf &'c. Miom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of

Money to be any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the paid mto the Paid recited Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not an be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Ham® and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the fail Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments [describing the m], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Dirtribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective F.state or Ertates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Prenyfes as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where any

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any Oucftion shall Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Money to be Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments at the Time of such‘Purchase, and all Persons claiming itnder such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of C.hanceiy; and the Dividends or Interest of the said Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and 3 disposed

paid, the Person who may be in Possession shall be entitled thereunto.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.tq. 383

disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or to some E it ate or Interest therein.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of The Court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation,

entitled to any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments to be purchased under pe!lce8 Qf the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money for Purchases to the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and ,:>e Pa,1(i to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments 1 ie ru LC>’ to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes a3 the said Court shall direct.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences For paying incident to and attending the applying for, preparing, obtaining, and passing the Expences this Act, shall be paid out of the Monies now remaining in the Hands of of^ the

the said Trustees or their Treasurer, or out of the first Monies which shall be collected or received by them, or any of thenv by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

[Publick Act.]

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such

by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon Term of the the p ifnng hereof, and shall continue and be in force and be executed for

and during the Residue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the Lid recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON:

Printers

Printed by Gf.orof. Eyre and Andrew Strahan, to the King’s most Excellent Majesty 1S08.

o. so in iid;io30 3

*: ? Jib 'O'.' . JE SXlEr^ id HuJI J? . ' ftblOSH! V b-

♦jialf io tzh' uo-,0 £ /r-T d jltera^fiol. ' 9 ’.vie-'if. j id! r:*f io

:i 10 . 01160 , S)3J

‘iu-1^ -,/iT ), r ;ie5Tud aiirf-.v HT >jV )

,-ass ,»-% ?>>c

*ip‘ i? i fc b-bivoi*? .7J

f-, y ' to vjifti' T-; yrr.i

f|5l«il^9d )fl . /jll .0 ,t i‘!00 ' Si(:.I yus i tTlmn-T

o? i.'.'ciWl Itil ’(J'loM Atilt 10^ .!; J ' . Sj'.A yii:', Jlbi...3fil '‘,) ylilorfl .'A lift

vd !:'.£[ijj. ftaomtr) ?o fiooD cji.' I !.. id UrlR tul adi

'41 ." 1 .'r r ’> v- a':- i ni tsilyqr otFol

: r.flJV 7 7 i» ! id* oj h>»: odd!

ol yiJOttf d) :o r Iti gi iV r it 1 ;i ffii.it li fiA

ni "f-.sit* id fa 5 ..i'« uiiT r;-.: AJ^nW! ‘ - ? -*1 ft’-hio

f -5f to ffwiTT o!to' ,t . i'b 1 ‘ ’ V' r Ififf

- '.' . }\dno':l i.:o --t,

> -; ' wii 'I i!’: ysrto' . iv car;.? riaul ysq :.-. i' dl ' "* llcdi

..; nrl-srii

nrrsqr1‘to’Z rjr ..'TXjt

830f IX,

, ’ > ,r.fi.;, D T( f 2 JlV > 'SllT li id L: A. .7

W >' u- lT<dr2A- i*b

"I.1* K' rsi'Ti * i' :i -: .: 5«:' ‘Li- sdl

V) h; id; br.r. r.Z

7 sd i:bai

:MP. ., .*5 Lils

id h: . .'2 >; t-. o! irilLj - . .-'o - -1 yd

O

o . ad LII/i- .' X

i 1' - .1. q siJj

v-i'-tid :h Li:s i 'J bt. ;/ ‘r-.'fciT 1 idr vd

- :i *’

lie-)Mi»/i':

HR

ni 1. r:i i"ul ivil; .: ii

r.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

♦a*

Cap. 20.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of lb much of an Act of the Forty-second Year of His Majesty's Reign, as relates to building and maintaining a House of Correction in and for the City and County of Aberdeen.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for building and maintaining a House of Correction in and for the c City and County of Aberdeen; and for rai/ing a Fund for defraying the Charges of apprehending, prosecuting, and subsisting Criminals, Rogues, and Vagabonds found within the ft id City and Liberties thereof, the Persons therein described, together with other Persons to be chosen in the Manner thereby directed, were appointed Commissioners for building and maintaining a House of Correction in and for the said City and County, and for executing all the other Powers committed by the said Act to the said Commissioners; and Powers were thereby given to the said Commissioners to agree for the Purchase of Ground for the Purpose of erecting the said House and other necessary Buildings; and certain Parts of the County of Banff \Loc. &. Per.'] 4 C were

2 0.3, 47-

286

Rrue3 authorised by the former Act, m»y bs impaled at the tirft General Meeting of the Commissioners held after the passing ol this Act.

When completed, no greater Rate to be charged than necessary to defray Annual Charges.

Power to borrow an additional Sum on the Credit of the Rates.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

were for the Purposes of the said Act declared to be liable to a rateable Proportion of the Aftfeirment thereby allowed to be imposed, and certain Rates and Aftt lT'nents were authorised to be levied within the City and County of Aberdeen, and the said Parts of the County of Banff, after the said House of Correction was completely finished: And the said Commissioners were authorised to borrow a Sum of Money not exceeding Seven thousand Pounds Sterling upon the Securities of the said Rates and AffefimeDts j and sundry other Powers were thereby granted for aceoimpliflfing the Purposes of the said Act: And whereas the Commifli others appointed by and elected in pursuance of the said Act, have proceeded so far in the Execution thereof, as to agree for the Purchase of the necelfaty Ground, and thereupon began to erect the necessary Buildings; but the Sum allowed by the said Act to be borrowed is found to be inadequate, and the ProviP.on that the Rates and Assessments are not to be levied till the Building is completed, has been found inexpedient, nor can the Purposes of the said Act be ac-complished, unless further and other Powers are granted by Parliament: May it therefore please Ycur Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament allem-bled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, at their First General Meeting held after the passing of this Act, any Thing in the said former Act notwithstanding, to impose and cause to be levied in the Manner directed by the said former Act from the City of Aberdeen, and from the Heritors and Tenants of Land and Eishings in the said County of Aberdeen, and those Parts of the County of Banff which are described and comprehended in the said former Act. the Rates and Assessments authorised to be imposed and levied by the said Act, for the Purpose of erecting and maintaining the said House of Correction, and ft.r discharging the Mon^y borrowed as hereinafter mentioned, and the Interest thereof, and all other Cha g-s attending the passing of this Act, and the Execution thereof, and to continue the said Rates and Assessments so long as shall be found necessary.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after the said Hpufe of Correction is erected and completed, and the whole Expence o; erecting and completing the lame, and of the passing the said former Act and this Act are paid, and the Money borrowed for those Purposes, with the Interest thereof, is repaid, the said Rates and Assessments shall not be imposed or levied to any greater Extent than may be necessary to defray the annual Charges of maintaining the said House of Correction; and to that End the said Commissioners shall diminish the Rates according to Circumstances, with Power, in case of Neceftity, again to taife the fame fer the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, but not higher than the Rates allowed to be imposed by the said for-fner Act.

III. And be it enacted, That the said Commissiooers, or their Committee, shall have Power, and they are hereby authorised to borrow and take up at Interest, on the Security of the said Ra,.es and AlTefiments, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be requisite for defraying the

Sixpence

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 20. 2S7

Expence already incurred in purchasing Ground for the said House of 'Correction, and the Accommodations connected therewith, and in erecting and completing the fame, with all the other Expences attending the passing and executing the said former Act and this Act, provided that the whole Amount of the Money so borrowed shall not exceed the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds Sterling, including the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds Sterling, allowed to be borrowed by the said former Act; and it shall be lawful to the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered to assign and make over the Whole, or any Part of the Rates and Assessments by the said Act and this Act allowed to be imposed, to any Person or Persons from whom the Money shall be borrowed as aforesaid, in Security for the Payment thereof, and the Interest arising thereon, at a Rate not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum-, which Alignments, and the Transfers thereof, shall be made and entered, and be under the Rules and Regulations contained in the said former Act.

IV. And be it enacted, That all the Powers and Provisoes of the said former Act shall be applicable to this present Act, so far as the same are confident with the Provisions thereof.

Provisoes of the former Act extended to this Act.

V. And be it further enacted That it shall and may be lawful to the justices miT Justices of the Peace, in and for the said County of Aberdeen, at their mitigate Pu-Quarter Sessions assembled, from Time to Time, upon or without "'foment. Application made to them by the Party, to inquire into the Circumstances of the Cafe of any Person or Persons committed to the said House of Correction, by Warrant of any One or more of the Justices as authorised by the said former Act, and into the Punishment ordered to be inflicted; and thereupon, if they feeCause, to lessen or shorten the Term of the Confinement of such Person or Persons, or otherwise to mitigate their Punishment, according to the Discretion of the Justices so assembled.

VI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to Public Act, be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Princed by George Eyre and Anorew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 21.

An Act for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the PariHi of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surrey, and regulating the Poor thereof.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS the Poor within the Parish of Saint Mary Newington in the County of Surrey arc very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a great Expence, and by means of very haivy Rates: And whereas the Laws and Statutes now in force within this Realm, for the alt effing and collecting of Monies for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, are found ineffectual in the said Pari fit, by reason that divers Houses within the said Parish are let to occasional Occupiers, and also let out in Parcels to Under-Tenants, and to Lodgers in separate Apartments, both furnished and unfurnished; and others are let at small Yearly Rents: And whereas it would tend to the Equalization and Reduction of the presentPoor and other Parochial Rates within the said Parish, and to the great Alleviation of many industrious Families who now pay the fame, and of the Inhabitants of the said Parish in general, if further and additional Powers were given for the assessing and collefl.ing of such Rates, and for better maintaining and regulating the Poor thereof; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Person or Persons who do and shall inhabit, hold, use, occupy, possess, or enjoy any Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Storehouse, Cellar, Coach-house. Stable, Vault, Building, Tenement, Hereditaments, or Premises, the Annual Rent or Value whereof shall exceed the Sum of Fifteen Pounds, [Lac. Per.] 4 D shall

How Houses are lo lie rated if the Value is above 15 1. per Annum.

290

Declaring who shall be compellable to pay the Rates.

For the bet. ter recovering Rates on hious.s let «t {mail Rents.

48° GEORGII III. Gap. it.

shall be rated and assessed, for and towards the Rate or Assessment to be madd from Time to Time by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Mary Newington, for and towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, for and in letpect of such Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warehouse, Storehouse, Cellar, Coach-house, Stable, Vault, Building. Tenement, Hereditaments, or Premises, at Four-fifths of the Annual Rent or Value thereof respectively, and no more.

II. And be it Further enacted, That the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of all and every House, Tenement, or other Premises within the said Parish, which is, are, or shall be let in Parcels, or separate Apartments* or in Lodgings furnished or unfumished, shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, and shall be rated to and shall pay the several Rates and Assessments for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor and all other the Parochial Rates of the said Parish.

III. And be it further enacted, That when the Yearly Rent or Value of any House, Tenement, or Hereditament within the said Parish shall not exceed Fifteen Pounds, or where any House, Tenement, or Hereditament shall be let to any Weekly or Monthly Tenants, or in separate Apartments, furnished or uiifurnished, and the Rents thereof shall become payable and be collected at any shorter Period than Quarterly, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or the major Part of them, in Vestry assembled 1 if they shall think proper) to compound with the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of all and every or any such House or Houses, Tenement or Tenements, Hereditament or Hereditaments in the said Parish, for the Payment of the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, and all other the Parochial Rates of the said Parish, at such a reduced Yearly Rental as the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or the major Part of them for that Purpose in Vestry assembled, shall think reasonable; so that no such House or Houses, Tenement or Tenements, Hereditament or Hereditaments, be rated at less than One-half or more than Three-fourths of the RackRent at which the fame respectively shall then be let, or of the Annual Value of the said Premises respectively; and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of all such Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments as shall not exceed the Yearly Rent of Fifteen Pounds, or as shall be let to any Weekly or Monthly Tenants, or in separate Apartments, furnished or unfurnished, and from whence the several Rents thereof shall become due and be collected at any shorter Period than Quarterly, is and are hereby required to enter into such Composition with the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or the major Part of them so assembled: And in case such Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, shall refuse to enter into such Composition, he, she, or they shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of such Premises, and shall thereupon be rated to, and from Time to Time shall pay or cause to be paid the Rates or Assessments charged upon their respective Premises for the Relief of the Poor, and all other the Parochial Rates of the said Parish, according to a fair and equal Assessment by the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or the major Part of thenifo assembled; and upon Non-payment thereof, the said Churchwardens and Overseers, pr airy of them, are hereby authorized to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Landlord or Landlords, m...; 1 ' . ' 1 ' ‘ Owner

43° GEORGII ilL Cap. 2t. 291

Owner or Owners of the respective Premises aforesaid, wheresoever they may be found, or of the Person or Persons inhabiting the fame respectively:

Provided always, that no such Landlord or Owner shall be charged with or Landlords liable to pay for any increased Rent referred or made payable to him for or not to be on account of such Landlord or Owner having agreed to pay the Rates f^ved Rent! heretofore chargeable upon the several Occupiers of such PremiseS; and provided also, that the Goods and Chattels of all and every Person or Persons renting or occupying any such House, Tenement, or Hereditament, or any Part or Parts thereof, the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments whereof the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners is and are hereby made liable and subject to as aforesaid, shall be liable at all Times to be distrained and fold, lor Payment of so much of the said Rates or Assessments, and of all Arrears thereof, as became due upon the said Premises during the lime of his, her, or their Occupancy only; but no such Occupier or Occupiers shall at any Time be required to pay or be subject or liable to pay any greater Sum for or towards the Discharge of the said Rates or Assessments, or any of them, and Arrears thereof, than the Amount of the Rent actually due and payable by such Occupier or Occupiers to the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of the Premises so occupied by him, her, or them: Provided also, that each and every Occupier who shall pay any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or any Arrears thereof, or upon whom the same shall be levied, shall and may from Time to Time deduct the fame from the Rent due and payable from him, her, or them,' to the respective Landlords or Owners of the Premises (unless there shall be some Agreement to the contrary, between the Landlord and Tenant), and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Occupier or Occupiers, and to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords, for so much Money as he, she, or they shall pay in the Manner directed by this Act: Provided also, that no such Tenant or Occupier, by Payment Tenant or of any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments in Manner aforesaid, °ctuPier not or which shall have been compounded for as aforesaid, shall be deemed to Se tfement acquire any Settlement in the said Parish; but in every such Case the Land- by the Pay-lord or Owner of the Premises shall be deemed and construed to have paid ^ates? 1 ' the fame; ar.y Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding. ,

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall How Rotes remove out of or from, or quit the Possession of any House, Shop, Building,

Tenement, or other Premises, before the Rate or Rates, Assessment or A!- Parties re-feffments charged thereon respectively by virtue of this Act shall be paid moving, and discharged; or if any Person or Persons shall enter into the Occupation of any House, Shop, Building, Tenement, or other Premises in the said Parish, out of or from which any other Person or Persons shall have so removed, before such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments shall have been paid and discharged; then and in every such Case the Person or Persons so removing out of or from, or quitting the Possession of, and the Person or Persons entering into the Occupation of any such House, Shop, Building, Tenement or other Premises, shall be respectively subject and liable to, the Payment of all such Rates and Assessments, in proportion to the Time that such Person or Persons respectively possessed or occupied the fame, in the same Manner as if the Person or Persons so removing or quitting as aforesaid had remained in the Possession or Occupation of such House, Shop,

Building, Tenement or other Premises, or tire Person or Persons so entering

E92

Paupers to be removed by Beadles instead of Overseers.

P r the more effectually afleniAg the Poor and other Parochial Rates within the £iid Parish.

Mar.r.tr of appoinnni? Overseers in tatu'.s.

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

ing into the Possession or Occupation thereof respectively, had been originally rated and assessed to such Rates or Assessments, or any of them; and such Proportion shall be ascertained by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish; and in case of any Dispute respecting the Amount or Proportion thereof, the same shall be settled by any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the County of Surrey.

V. And be it further enacted, That whenever any poor Person or Persons, or any Vagrant or Vagrants, shall be ordered to be removed from the said Parish of Saint Mary Newington to the Place or Parish of his, her, or their legal Settlement, it shall be lawful for the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor (if they shall think fit) to cause such poor Person or Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, to be respectively removed, in the usual Manner of removing Paupers or Vagrants, by a Beadle, or feme Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or any Two or more of them for that Purpose, by Writing under their Hands; and every Overseer and other proper Officer of the Parish or Place to which such poor Person or Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, shall be ordered to be removed as aforesaid, is hereby required to receive every such poor Person or Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, in like Manner as he or they would have been bound to do if such poor Person or Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, had been delivered to him, her, or them by One of the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Mary Newington; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Inhabitants of the said Parish assembled in Vellry, or the major Part of them so assembled, from Time to Time, as often as they shall find necessary, to employ any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other competent Person or Persons, to assist in making and ascertaining the Annual Value of all or any Ploufe or Houses, or Hereditaments liable to be assessed to any Rate for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, and to pay such Sum or Sums of Money to every such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other competent Person or Persons, for his or their Trouble therein, as to the said Churchwardens and Overseers shall appear just and reasonable, out of any Money arising by such Rates: Provided always, that no Person shall be capable of acting as a Surveyor as aforesaid, until he shall have raken and subscribed the Oath following, before the said Churchwardens and Overseers, (which Oath any Two or more of them are hereby empowered to administer);

I A.B. do swearjjw affirm, as the Case may be\ That I will truly, im-‘ -"-partially, and honestly execute the Trust reposed in me as a Surveyor, ‘ by virtue of an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for better assessing and collcding the

Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in the County of Surry, and regulating the Poor thereof, without Favour or Aftec-« tion, Prejudice or Malice, to any Person whomsoever. So help me God.’

VII. And be it further enacted, That on the Easter Tuesday next after the passing of this Act, and so in like Manner on the Easter Tuesday in each and every succeeding Year, the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in Vestry assembled, or the major Part of them

then

293

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

then present, shall nominate Four substantial Housekeepers to serve the Office of Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish, and shall cause a List of the Names of the said Four Persons to be delivered to the Justices of the Peace a ding in and for the Eastern Half Hundred of Brixton and Borough of Southwark in the said County of Surrey, at the next ensuing Petty Session; and the said Justices at their said Petty Session shall and they are hereby authorized and required to nominate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands, and Seals, Two of the said Four Persons, named in such Lift, to be Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish; and such Two Persons so nominated and appointed shall continue in their said Office of Overseer until the Easter Tuesday following, and until the Petty Session then next following, when Two other Persons shall be appointed in manner aforesaid to act in their Steads: Provided nevertheless, that Two of the present Overseers of the said Parish; videlicet, William Evitt and John Jones shall continue in their said Office of Overseer until Two other Overseers are appointed, at the Time and in Manner hereinafter mentioned and no longer; and that on the Twenty-ninth Day of September next after the passing of this Act, and so in like Manner in each and every succeeding Year, the Inhabitants of the said Parish, in Vestry assembled, or the major Part of them then present, shall nominate Four substantial Householders of the said Parish to serve the Office of Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish for the Year ensuing, and shall cause a List of such Four Persons to be delivered to the said Justices at their next Petty Session; and the said Justices at such Petty Session shall and they are hereby authorized and required to nominate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, Two of the Four Persons named in such Lift, to be Overseers in the Room of the said William Evitt and John Jones: Provided always, that Notice shall be given in the said Parish Church, on the Sunday next before Easter Tuesday in each and every Year, for the Inhabitants to meet in Vestry on Easter Tuesday, for the Purpose of choosing Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish and a similar Notice shall also be given on the Sunday next before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, for the Inhabitants to meet in Vestry on the Twenty-ninth Day of September, for the Purpose of choosing Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish; and for ever hereafter the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish shall continue to be nominated and appointed at the Times and in Manner as is herein-before directed, and not otherwise: Provided always, That if in any Year the Twenty-ninth Day of September shall happen to be on a Sunday, then and in such Case such Nomination of such Four Persons to serve the Office of Overseer of the Poor of the said Parish, by the Inhabitants of the said Parish in Vestry assembled, or the major Part of them then present, shall be made on the following Day; and if no Petty Session shall be held within One Month after Easter Tuesday, or within One Month after the Twenty-ninth Day of September respectively in any Year or Years, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said Eastern Half Hundred of Brixton and Borough of Southwark, in the said County of Surrey, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, ’to nominate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, Two Persons, out of such List or Lists as aforesaid to be delivered to them, [Loc. Per. j 4 £ . to

294-

Appointment of Collectors.

Collectors to account.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.zi.

to be Overseeis of the Poor of the said Pari (It for the Year then next ending, and until new ones shall in like Manner be nominated and appointed to succeed them; and all such Persons when so nominated and appointed, and having Notice thereof, shall from thenceforth, together with the Churchwardens for the Time being of the said Parish, be and be deemed Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Mary Newington; and they and each of them the said Overseers, so nominated and appointed as aforesaid, shall and they are hereby severally required to do, perform, and execute their respective Duty and Duties, Office and Offices of Overseer and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish accordingly; and they and each of them shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, Rellric-tions. Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall have and enjoy the like Privileges, Exemptions, and Immunities, as, by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, Overseers of the Poor are {abject and liable to, and have and enjoy.

VIII. And, in order the better to enable the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Mary Newington to collect and levy the said Rates; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or the major Part of them, at a publick Veltry Meeting to be held for that Purpose, to elect and appoint One or more Person or Persons to be a Collector or Collectors of the Rates authorized to be made, collected, and levied by virtue of this Act (every such Collector being a refluent Floufeholder in the said Parish), and to take such Security from such Collector or Collectors as they the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or the major Part of them, shall think proper for the due Execution of his or their Office, and to remove such Collector or Collectors at their Will and Pleasure; and out of such Rates and Assessments to be collected and received by virtue of this Act, to make such Allowances, by way of Salary or Poundage, to the said Collector or Collectors, not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound on the Monies actually collected, for their Trouble in the Coi-lection of the Rates aforesaid; and to revoke and countermand, alter and vary such Nominations and Appointments, Allowances, or Recompence, and make others in their Stead, or not, as to them the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or the major Part of them, shall seem meet and proper; and the said Collectors shall and they are hereby required to produce to the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, whenever thereto required, their respective Rate Books, in order that the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor may be satisfied as to the Sum and Sums of Money rated and assessed and not received, and may give such Directions, rel'pefting the collecting and levying the fame, as they shall think proper.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any such Collector or Collectors, when thereunto required by the said Churchwardens and Overseers, or_ within Ten Days thereof, shall refuse or neglect to deliver up such Rate Book or Books, and all and every the Account and Accounts of all Monies by him or them received for or on Account of

ig5

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

the said Rates or Assessments, and all Papers thereunto belonging, and to make Payment of the Balance which shall appear to remain in his or their Hands, by virtue of his or their respective Office or Offices, then and in every such Case, upon Complaint made by the said Churchwardens and Overseers, or the major Part of them, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required to issue a Warrant under his Hand and Seal, for the Collector or Collectors so refusing or neglecting to account as aforesaid, to appear before him, and upon his or their appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or received by virtue of this Act, shall remain due from such Collector or Collectors, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Collector or Collectors; and if it shall appear to such Justice that such Collector or Collectors shall have refused or neglected to render and give such Account, or to produce the Books, Papers or Writings relating to the Collection of the Rates authorized by this Act, which shall be in the Custody or Power of such Collector or Collectors, and he or they shall have refused or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case, such Justice shall commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County where such Offender shall be or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or they shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and deliver up such Books, Papers and Writings, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Churchwardens and Overseers; provided that no i'ueh Collector or Collectors so committed, shall be confined or detained in Prison by virtue of such Warrant, for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons to be appointed in Manner aforesaid, Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or Assessments, is and are hereby authorized and empowered to receive, col-left, and levy the same; and that the several Sums of Money arising from such' Rates or Assessments, together with all Arrears due upon former Rates allowed as aforesaid, shall and may be collected quarterly," or otherwise; and, for the better enabling such Collector or Collectors so to do, it shall and may be lawful to and for him or them to execute all such Warrants of Distress as shall be granted from Time to Time by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, in the Manner hereinafter directed, against any Person or Persons neglecting or refusing to pay the said Rate or Assessment, in the same Manner, and as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as Overseers of the Poor, by any Law or Laws now in being, can or may execute the same.

Collectors empowered to levy Rates.

XL And,

296

How Rates are to be

levied on Refusal.

Persons refilling to attend when Summoned.

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

XI. And, for the better and more effectual raising and levying the Rate* and Assessments directed to be made by this Act, be it further enacted, That in case any of the Landlords or Occupiers, or any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, Lessee or Lessees, of any Land, Ground, Dwelling house. Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vaults, Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, within the said Parish, herein-before made liable to pay any Rate or Assessment made, laid and afielfed by virtue of this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money rated and assessed upon him, her, or them respectively, and all Arrears due thereon, or upon any former Rate or Rates, it shall be lawful to and for any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting for the Eaflern Half Hundred of Brixton and Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required to summon, by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, all and every Person and Persons who shall have refused or neglected as aforesaid (upon Oath being made before him or them, by the Collector or Collectors appointed by the said Churchwardens and Overseers, or the major Pan of them as aforesaid, for the Time being, of his or their having attended upon or at the Dwelling-house or lad Place of Abode of all and every Person and Persons then intended to be summoned, and having demanded the Rate or Rates, and of such Person or Persons having refused or neglected to pay the said Rate or Rates) to appear before such Justice or Justices at a Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, or before such other Justice or Justices acting in and for the said Eastern Half Hundred of Brixton and Borough of Southwark, as shall be fitting upon the Return of such Summons or Summonses; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector and Collectors appointed or to be appointed by the said Churchwardens and Over-verfeers of the Poor, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, or for any of She Constables, Headboroughs, or Beadles of the said Parish, to serve all and every such Summons and Summonses upon all and every Person and Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, either by delivering the same to the Person or Persons thereby intended to be funnnoned, or leaving the fame at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, or at the Premises for which the Rates mentioned in such Summons, shall remain due and owing; and if any Person or Persons so summoned shall refuse or neglect to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Summons, or if he, she, or they shall attend, and shall not shew good and sufficient Cause to such Justice or Justices, that they are not chargeable with such Rate or Rates, then and in every such Case all and every such Person and Persons who shall have been so summoned shall pay the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Summons; and in all Cafes where the said Rate or Rates, or any of them, shall not be paid upon the Return of such Summons, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices who shall have issued such Summons or Summonses as aforesaid, or some other Justice or Justices of the Peace acting for the said Eastern Half Hundred of Brixton and Borough of Southwark, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required, upon Oath made before him or them of the due Service of such Summons or Summonses by the Party who shall have served the fame, to grant a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand or Hands, Seal or Seals, authorising or directing the

297

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

said Collectdr or Collectors, or any Constable, Headborough, or Beadle of the said Parish, to cclleft or levy all and every such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and all Arrears thereof, and the Expence of the Summons (if the same shall not have been before paid) and Warrant, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Party so neglecting or refusing, which shall be found either within the said Parish or elsewhere; and if within Five Days next alter any such Distress shall be made, the said Rate or Rates, A He (linen t or Assessments, with all Arrears due thereon, shall not be paid, together with the reasonable Charges of the said Summons' (if lath Summons shall hot have been before paid for) and Warrant, and of Waking such Dill refs, and keeping such Goods and Chattels, the said Collector or Collectors, Constable or Constables, Headborough or Head-boroughs, Beadle or BeadleS, shall cause the said Goods to be appraised by one or more Appraiser or Appraisers, and to be sold, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessment;, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the reasonable Charges aforesaid, and the Charges of appraising and felling the fame, returning the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively, upon Demand thereof made by him, her, or them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That every Warrant of Distress for Nonpayment of any Rate or Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

Sunryi To the Churchwardens, Overseers, and Collectors of the to w.i / ‘ Poor Rates of the Parish of Saint Mary Newington, in

‘ the County of Surrey, and to all Constables and other ‘ Peace Officers for the same Parish.

\\7 H E RE AS the undermentioned Persons, now or late Inhabitants, ’ Holders, Landlords, Tenants, Occupiers, or Enjoyers of Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, or other Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Part of some Building or Tenement within the said Parish of Saint Mary Newington, were and are truly rated and assessed or liable to pay the Rate and Rates duly made for the Purpose of an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act [set forth the Title of the AH\: And whereas the said Persons have refused or neglected to pay the several Sums of Money at and against their Names hereunder respectively let down for Money due from them, for or towards the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and the said several Sum and Sums are still remaining due in Arrear and unpaid, as appeareth upon Oath to

of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County; and the said several Persons having been summoned to appear before

to answer the Premises, as also appeareth to the said Justice, upon Oath, and

nor either of them having shewn any sufficient Cause why such Sum or Sums of Money should not be paid, These are therefore in His Majesty's Name, to will and require you, or either of you, [Lee. & Per.2 \ 4iF ‘ forthwith

Form of W.irrant of Dilhefs.

2gi)

For k vying Rates from Persons quitting or i emoving om of the Farish,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

‘ forthwith to levy- the said several Sums due from the said Persons, and ‘ hereunder joined to or set against their Names respectively, by Distress ‘ and Sale of their respective Goods and Chattels (such Goods and Chattels ‘ being kept for the Space of Five Days before the same are fold) render-‘ >ng to them respectively the Overplus (if any be), the reasonable Charges ‘ of such Distress, Sale and Keeping being irrit deducted; and if no fuf-£ ficient Distress can be had or taken, that then you certify the same to us,

to the end such further Proceedings may be had therein as to the Law ‘ doth appertain: And we do hereby strictly charge and command all and f Angular the Constables and other His Majesty's Peace Officers for the said County, to be aiding and assisting in all Things relating to ‘ the Premises. Given under our Hands and Seals, this

‘ Day of in the Year of Our Lord

« A. B.

‘ C. D.

‘ E. F. the Landlord for divided G. H.

XIII. And whereas it may happen that many Persons liable to, and who may be rated and assessed for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, may, before the Payment of the Sum which may be rated on them respectively, quit and leave their Grounds, Dwelling-houses, Shops, Ware-houses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and remove out of the said Parish; be it therefore further enabled, That when any Person or Persons, who hath or have been so rated and assessed, shall quit or be about to quit his or their Lands, Grounds, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, before he, she, or they shall have paid the said Rate or Assessment, and shall afterwards refuse to pay the fame, when due and demanded by the Collector or Collectors authorized and appointed to receive the same as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Csllector or Collectors, or One of them, Oath being made by him or them, that he or they hath or have Cause to suspect that such Person or Persons is or are removing, or hath or have removed his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals of One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey (which Warrant such Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorized and required to grant) and such Warrant being first backed and countersigned by some Magistrate of the County, City, or Liberty to which such Person or Persons shall have removed (which Warrant Inch Magistrate is hereby required to back or countersign), to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay the said Rates or Assessments, and to sell the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) after having deducted the reasonable Charges and Expences attending such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively, upon Demand thereof made.

Sums Due. £. s. d.

48° GEORGII III. Capiat.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in order to avoid the Loss which frequently happens, by Tenants or Occupiers of Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments quitting and removing from the same before the Day on which the Rates or Assessments charged by virtue of this Act on the said Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall become due and payable, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid, to demand and receive, Twenty-one Days before every such Day, or at any other subsequent lime, the respective Rates and Assessments which would be due and payable on such Day; and in case of Non-payment thereof, to enforce the Payment of such Rates and Assessments in the same Manner and with the fame Powers as in case of the Non-payment of such Rates and Assessments upon or after the Day on which the fame would be due and payable.

XV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Distress shall be made for Non-payment of any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons making such Distress, to raise arid levy the reasonable Charges of making such Distress, and felling and disposing of the fame, upon the Goods and Chattels, over and above the Sum of Money due upon the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments for which such Distress shall be taken.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any such Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Default or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action on the Cafe: Provided always, that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such Irregularity, Trespass, or other Proceeding, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or to his, her, or their Attorney or Attornies, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made by or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed every or any such Irregularity, Trespass, or wrongful Proceeding before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, to pay into the Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Order and Judgement shall be had, made, or given in and by

299

Rates payable ai Days before Quarter i/ay.

Expence of making Distress 10 be paid with the Rates.

Parties making Distress not to be deemed T respaflers ab initio.

Parties not to recover unless Notice of Action shall have be.n given.

3°o

Proceedings not to be quashed for Wai.t of Form.

If dilTatisfied may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

Justices may relieve on Appeal against Rate* without quaH ing the whole AiTefl-yoent.

Inhabitants may be Wit-nellies.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

iach Court, as in other-Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, judgement, Conviction, or other Proceeding,1 touching or concerning any of the Matters afoirsaid, or touching or concerning the C on v id ion of any Oflender or Offenders against this Act, or any Order made, or any other Matter or Thing to be done or traniatted, in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be vacated or quashed for Want of Form only; or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himleli, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or by reason of any Order, Judgement, or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in execution of this Act, or by any Matter or Thing done in pursuance thereof, then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Surrey which shall happen next after the Expiration of Foui-teen Days after the Cause of Complaint shall have arilen, such Appell.: or Appellants firit giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice at least of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Party or Parties appealed against, and within Two Days next after such Notice entering into a Recognizance in the Sum of Twenty Pounds, before some uustice of the Peace for the said County, conditioned for prosecuting such Appeal, and to abide the Order thereon, and to pay such Colls as shall be awarded by the Justices at such General or Quarter Selfcons; and the said Justices assembled at such General or Quarter Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of eniering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Wav, and award such Cods to the Party appealing or appealed againli as they the said Justices shall think proper, and also to order and award such Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall think reasonable.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, lhat on Appeal from such Rates or Assessments, or any of them, the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions shall and may amend the fame in such Manner as may be necessary for giving Relief, without qualiiing or altering such Rates or Assessments, with respect to other Persons mentioned in the fame; but if upon Appeal from the whole Rate or Assessment, it shall be found necessary to let aside the fame, then and in such Case the said Justices shall and may order a new Rate or Assessment to be made.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, causes, and Proceedings whatsoever relating to or concerning

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 21. 3Di

cerning the Execution of this Act, no Inhabitant of the said Parish shall be deemed an incompetent Witness, on Account of his, her, or their being charged with and liable to pay any such Rate or Assessment.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Person Form of or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence committed against this Act, Conviction, or any Matter in purl'uance thereof, the Conviction shall be in the Words

or to the Effect following;

Surrey 1 ‘ BE it remembered, That on the Day of

to wit./ c D in the Year of the Reign of

is convicted before of His Majesty’s

‘ Justices of the Peace for the County of Surrey, by virtue of ‘ an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [set forth the Title of this AdJ

[specifying the Offence.~\

‘ Given under our Hands and Seals, [or, my Hand and ‘ Seal] the Day and Year aforesaid.’

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suie shall be Limitation of brought or commenced against any Person or Persons, for any Thing Action . done in pursuance of this Act, after Three Months after the Fast committed, or the Cause of such Action shall have arisen; and every such

Action shall be laid and brought in the County of Surrey, and not elle-where; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions to be brought may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special GellclaI Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if upon the Trial of such Action or Suit, it shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before the Expiration of Twenty-one Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have the Treble Cost>. like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Colls of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Colts, Charges, and Ex- For paying the

pences of passing this Act, and all other Charges incident to the obtain- o!

ing thereof, or incurred in relation thereto, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed out of the first Monies which shall arise or be collected out of

any Rate or Assessment made or to be made for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish.

4 G

\_Loc. S35 Per.]

302

[Publick Act.]

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 22,

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act of King William the Third, for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses in the Borough of King's Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS in and by an Act made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of his Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for erebling Hospitals and Workhouses within the 11 & *3 Borough of King’s Lynn, in the County of Norfolk; and for better employing and maintaining the Poor there, certain Persons therein mentioned and their Successors to be chosen in Manner therein directed, were incorporated by the Name and Style of, the Guardians of the Poor of the Borough of King’s Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and voithin the Liberties of the fame Borough, and declared to be One Body Politick and Corporate in Law, and to have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal: And whereas the said Guardians have proceeded in the Execution of the said recited Act, but certain of the Powers and Provisions thereof have by Experience been found insufficient for the Purposes thereby intended, and it is expedient that the fame should be altered, amended, and certain Parts thereof repealed: But as the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s noil Excellent Majesty, by and \Loc. Ss5 Per.] 4 H with

W.j.

3°6

Churchwardens for ;he Time being to be appointed Guardians.

Ovei fcers to be appointed.

Appointment of new Ovei-seers.

Power of the Corporal ion to settle Allowances to the Poor repealed.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Churchwardens for the Time being of the Parish of Saint Margaret, in the said Borough, and the Overfrers of the Poor for the Time being for the several and respective Wards within the said Parish of Saint Margaret, to be appointed in manner herein mentioned, shall be and be deemed to be Guardians of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Margaret, and shall be added to the Guardians of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Margaret, nominated or chol'en by virtue of the said recited Act, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities in as full, ample, and btntficial a Manner to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if they respectively had been nominated or chosen such Guardians by virtue of the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That on the first Monday next after the parting of th:s Act, the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Margaret last appointed, shall cease to be such Overseers, and that on such Day or within Ten Days thereafter it shall and may be lawful for any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, and they are hereby authorized and required, to nominate and appoint for each of the Nine Wards within the said Parish of Saint Margaret One fit and proper Person being a lubllantial IloufcholJer within the Ward for which he shall be l'o nominated and appointed; and such Nine Persons when so nominated and appointed shall continue to be Overseers of the Poor of the fid Parish, until Nine other Overseers shall be nominated and appointed in the Manner and at the Time by Law directed, to succeed them; and in Easter Week or within One Month after Easter in each and every Year, One fit and proper Person for each of the said respective Wards, being a substantial liouleholder in the Ward for which he shall be nomirr-ated and appointed, shall be nominated and appointed in the Manner by Law directed, to be the Nine Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish.

III. And be it further enacted, That such Persons so nominated and appointed Overseers of the Ward for the Time being, shall be and they respectively are hereby declared to be inverted with all and every the Powers and Authorities, and shall have and enjoy the fame Privileges, Exemptions, and Immunities, and shall be subject and liable to the same Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures (save and except as may be herein or in the said recited Act excepted) as Overseers of the Poor by the Laws made or to be made touching or concerning the Relief or Management or Employment of the Poor, or the Application of any Rates made for their Ufc or Maintenance, are or shall be inverted with and have and enjoy and be subject and liable to; and such Overfiers for the Time being are hereby declared within the said Parish competent to do and perform all and every Act and Acts which Overseers of the Poor are by Law enabled to do and perform, save and except as may be herein excepted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as enables the said Corporation, in their Courts or Assemblies, from Time to Time to set down and ascertain what Weekly or Monthly or other Sums shall be needful for the Employment of the Poor of the Workhouse or Workhouse?, House or Houses of Correction, Hospital or Hofphais withm the Care of the said Corporation, lb that the fame did not exceed wha:

307

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

had been paid in the said Borough and the Liberties thereof towards the Maintenance of the Poor thereof in any One of the then Three last Years, and which said Sums so to be set down and ascertained should be assessed, raised, and levied by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor there for the Time being, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Corporation, and they are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time and at all Times after the passing of this Act, and as often as Occasion shall require, at any Court or Courts, Assembly or Affcm-biies. Notice of such Court, Assetr.bly or Assemblits, and of the Purpose thereof, having been fiTft given on the Sunday immediately preceedi.ng such Courts or Aficmblies reflectively, in the Parish Church of Saint Margaret, immediately after Morning Service (which Notice the Clerk officiating in the said Parish Church is hereby required to read and give) to make One or more such General Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, as by the several Laws in Force and Effect, Churchwardens and Ovetfeers of the Poor now are or shall or may or could or might be enabled or empowered to make, as they the said Corporation at such Court or Courts, Assembly or Assemblies, shall judge and determine to be necessary in and towards the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish, as well those inhabiting in the Lid Hospital or Workhouse, as of all the other Poor of the said Parish of Saint Margaret , and also for enlarging, rebuilding, or repairing the said Hospital or Workhouse, and other Buddings thereunto belonging, and other the several Purposes that are as well in the said recited Act and this Act, as also in the several Laws in Force and Effect touching and concerning the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, or in anywise relating thereto, particularly mentioned, and for paying all such Sums of Money as by any Law in Force and Effect ate directed to be paid out of any Rate or Rates, AlLffement or Assessments, made or to be made for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, so that all such Rates or Assessementi so to be made, when signed under the Common Seal of the said Corporation, or by the Governor or Deputy Governor for the Time being to the said Corporation, and allowed and confirmed by Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said Borough, and Notice thereof given on the Sunday next alter thrfame shall have been so allowed and confirmed in the Parish Church cf Saint Margaret aforesaid after Morning Prayers, shall and may be collected and received by any Person or Persons appointed or to be appointed to collect and receive the same by the said Corporation, and all and every such Rate or Rates, Assessement er Assessments so made, allowed, and confirmed, and Notice thereof given as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be as good, valid, and effectual as if the fame had been ascertained and made by the Churchwardens and Ovetfeers of the Poor of the said Parish, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding, and no Rare or Rates, Assessment or Assessments shall be made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish other than and is or are by this Act directed, and all Monies anfing from furh Rates or Assessments, together with all Arrears due upon former Rates or Assessments, shall be applied and disposed of towards the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish, as well those inhabiting as not inhabiting the said Hospital or Workhouse, and otherthe several Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, and ether the Pur-

poles

Rates to be made.

3°8 a4&8 GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

pofee mentiojiedj an^J dtscribed in the several Laws in Force and Effect touching or concerning the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, or in any wile relating thfreto; and for paying all such Sums of Money as by any Law iaFqrteantl Effect are directed ro be paid out of any Rate or Races, Assessment or Affdfmencs made or to be.mytde for the Relief and Maintenance of the Ppor: Provided always, that, in case any Person or Persons shall think hjmfejf, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any such Rate or Assessment so to be made as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall and may appeal therefrom in the Manner herein directed.

bf vaiueV TI, ^nd for the more equal and better affiffing and levying of the said o*te in Seven Rates; be it further enacted, That the said Corporation shall and they Years. are hereby required Once at least in every Seven Years, to be computed

from the pAfing of this Act, to value or to cause to be valued, by such Ways and Means as to them shall seem right and proper, and shall be by them ordered and directed at any such Court or Assembly, all and every the Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and other the Property within the said Parish, fqbjeft and liable to be rated to any Rate or Afilffment for the Relief or the Maintenance of the Poor thereof, f

Co'ieftoi^ Yijr And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Clerks mi ’ the said Corporation at any Court or Assembly. to cleft and appoint, under ether Officers. such Regulations as they shall deem expedient, One or more Person or Persons to be a Collector or Collectors of the Rates and Assessments authorized to be m-dp, collected, and levied by virtue, of this Act, and to take such Security from all such Coljtftors so elected and appointed as the said Corporation shall think proper; For the due Execution of thetr Offices, and from Time to Time to remove such Collector, or Collectors at. the Will and Pleafqre of them the said Corporation, and out of fuel} Rates and Assessments to be collected and received by virtue of this Act, to give such Salary or Allowance, to the said Collectors as to them the said Corporation shall seem fit and proper for their Trouble in the Collection, of (the Rates and Assessments aforesaid; and all and every Collector and Collectors of the several Rates, or AfLffments hereby ffirested to be made, shall at all Times when thereunto required by thq said Corporation, make up and render unto the Lid Corporation at their Courts or Assemblies respectively, a full, true, and perfect Account in Writing, with all necessary Vouchers for the Confirmation thereof, of all Monies by them received rcljpcftively for or on account of the said Rates or Assessments, or any of them, and shall produce their respective Rate Bocks, iu order that the said Corporation may be satisfied as to the Sum or Sums of Money rated and addled, received and to be received, and may give such Directions refuefting the same as they shall think proper; and if any such Collector or Collectors shall refuie or neglect to make and render any such Account, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers relating to tqe fame, or to make Payment of the Balance of all such Monies as shall appear to be and remain in their Hands respectively by virtue of their respective Offices, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver to the said Corporation or to such PeiLaor Persons as they mall appoint to receive the same, within Tqn Days next after being thereunto required by the Lid Corporation by Notice in Writing giveo or lqft at the lait or usual Place of Abode of such Collector or Collectors, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to

the

4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Corporation respecting the fame, then and in every such Case upon Complaint made by the said Corporation, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Justice of the Peace foi the County, City, Borough, or Place wherein such CoIIeftoi or Collectors lo refuting or neglecting shall be or rtflde, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and tequired to issue a Wanant under his Hand and Seal for the Person so refusing or neglecting to appear before him, and upon his or her appearing, or having been summor.td and not appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way, and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administrr) it shall appear to such ' Just:cc that any of the Monies that shall have been colltfted or raise.i by virtue of this Act shall remain due from such Person, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required upon Non-payment thertof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Monies to be levied by Distiefs and S.de of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, and if no Goods or Chattels of such Person can be found sufficient to answrr and satisfy the said Money and the Charges of distraining and felling the said Goods and Chattels, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Colltftor or Collectors shall have refused or neglected to render and give such Account, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books,

Papers, or Writings relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of such Collector or Collectors, and he or they shall have refused or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the same as aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case, such Justice shall commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, City, Borough Or Place, where such Offender shall be or Ttfide, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or she shall give ami make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Corporation for such Money, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoinc (which Compufnion the said Corporation are hereby empowered to make and receive) and until he shall deliver up such Books and Writings, or give Satisfaction in resprft thereof to the said Corporation: Provided always, that no tuch Collector so committed for Want of sufficient Distrcfs,

shall be confined or detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Time than Six C lendar Months.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Co’leftcn for the Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Corporation as empowered Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or Assessments, and he and they to is and are herrby authorized and empowered to receive, levy, and collect the lame, and the several Sums of Money arising from such Rates cr Affefi-mt nts, together with all Arrears due upon former Rates' or Affrffmems allowed as aforesaid, strali and may be received, levied, and collected Quarterly or otherwise, ar the DiscreTori of the said Corporation i and for the better enabling such Collector or Collectors so torective, levy, and collect ad such P.aies and Assessments, or any of them, it shall and may be law:u: to and for such C.olltfter cr Collectors to execute all such Warrant1; or"fMlteis, as shall be granted from Time to Time by any Justice or Just let s of the Peace, irt the Manner herein directed, against [Ltc. isf Fir.'] 4 I any

310

How Rnt'

ate to heed on Rc-fufal.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

any Person or Persons negLCling or refilling to pay such Rates or AiriT-mefits, or any of them, in the lame Mrnner and as folly and elseflually to.tlll Intents and Purposes, as Ovtriee.s of the Poor by any Law or Laws m Forte and LfftCt tan or may execute the same.

IX. And for the better and more effectual railing and levying of the several Rates and AIRlTments by this A Cl dirrCt d to be made; be it further enacted, That in case any Landlord or Occupier, or any Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, LdTee or Leffecs of any Land, Ground, Dwelling House, Shop, Warehouse, Coach-house, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Tentment, or Hereditament, within the said Parish, hereir.-before made Lab e to pay any Rate or AlfilTment to be matte, laid, and afielled by virtue of this Auf, shall refule or nededt to pay the Money rated and assessed upon him, her, or them respectively, and all Arrears due thereon, or upon any former Rate or Rates, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, One whereof shall be the Mayor for the Time being or his Deputy, and they are hereby author zed and required to summon, by Wriiing under their Hands, all and ev:ry Person and Perfor.s who shall have refilled or neghfted as aforesaid (upon Oath being made before them by the ColIcCt >r or Collectors appointed by the said Corporation as aforesaid lor the Time being, of his or their having attended upon or at the Dwelling House or last Place of Abode of all and every Person or Persons then intended to be summoned, and having demanded the Rate or Rates, Afiiffment or Assessments, and of the Neglect or Rtfufal of such Person or Persons having refilled or neglected to pay the said Rate or Ratts, and of his having made Report of such Arrears to the said Corporation at any of their Cour s or Assemblies, and received their Dirtctions for summoning such Person or Persons refuSng or neglecting t > pay the Monies rated andallclfed upon him, her, or them rcl-pedtitely) to appear before such Justices at a Time and Place to be mentioned in fuih Summons, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Collectors appointed or to be appointed by the said Corporation, or for any of the Constables cr Beadles of the said Parish, to serve all and every such Summons and Summonses upon all and every Person and Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, either, by delivering the same to the Person or Persons thereby intended to be lumrnoned, or leaving the fame at his, her, or their lall or usual Place or Platts of Abode, or-at the Premises for which the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Afllffments, mentioned in such Summons shall remain due and owing; and if any Person or Persons so summoned, shall refuse or neglect to attend at the Time and Place mentioned in such Summons, or if he, she, or they shall at-tendand shall Hot Ihewgood and sufficientCaufero such Ju(l.cestliathe,(he,or they is or are r.ot chargeable with such Rate or Rates, Assessment or AflifT-ments, then and in every such Case all and every Person and Persons who shall have been so summoned, shall pay the nasonable Costs and Charges of such Summons, and in all Cafes where the said Rate or Rates, AffelT-mentor AITcfifnems, or any of them, shall not be paid upon the Return of such Summons it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justices who shall have issued such Summons or Summonses as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and required upon Oath made before them of the due Service of such Summons or Summonses by the Party who shall have served the fame, to grant a Warrant or Wairants under their Hands and

Seals,

4-8® GEORGII III. Cap. 22. 311

S- all, authorizing or directing the said Collector or Col!eftjr?j or any Constable or BeatBe of the said Parish, to Collett or levy all and every such Rate or Rates, Affilfment or Assessments, and all Arrears thereof, and the Costs and Charges of the Summons (if the same shall not have been before paid, and the Colts, Charges, and Expences of such Warrant and ofexecoting the fame, by Distress of the Goods anti Chattels of the Party so neglecting. or refilling; and if within Four Days next after any such Distress shall be made, the said Rate or Rates, AIT ITment or A If Aments, with all Amars due thereon, shall not be paid together with the reasonable Charges of the said Summons (if such Summors shall nothave been before paid for )and Warrant and of making such Distress and keeping such Goods and Chattels, the said Collector or Colltftors, Constable or Constables,

Beat'lc or Beadles, shall cau!e the said Goods to beappraifedby One or more Appraiser or Apprailers, and to be loid, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be lufficirnt to pay the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, together with all Arrears due thereon, and the reasonable Cod', Charges, ana Expences aforesaid, and the Costs, Charges, and Expences ot apprai-firg and (tiling the fame, returning the Overplus (it any) to the Owner or Uwners of such Goods and Chattels rrljptftively, upon Demand theteof made by him, her, or them.

X. And be it further enacted, That every Warrant of Distress for Form of War-Non-payment of.any Rate or Assessment to be made by virtue of this Act, raiitofDiitrei* shall be in the Words or to the Effect following: ment J!r! tc»,

St c,

" To the Churchwardens, Overseers and Collectors of the Poor " Rates rri the Parish of Saint Margaret, in the Borough of " Kingt Lynn, and to all Constables and other Peace Officers for " the same Parish.

WHEREAS *be undermentioned Persons now or late Inhabitants,

Holders, Landlords, Tenants, Occupiers, or Enjovrrs of Lands,

Houses, Shops, Warehrufs, Coach-houses, Stables, Cellars, Vaults,

‘ or other Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Part of some

Building or Tenement within the said Parish of Saint Margaret,

‘ were and are truly rated and assessed or liable to the Rate or Rate*

duly made for the Purpose of an Ail made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Thiid, intituled, [fetforth the Title

of the AH']: And whereas the said Persons have rrfufed or neg-‘ lested to pay the several Sums of Money at and againII their Names ‘ hereunder respectively set down, for Money due from them for or ‘ towards the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and the said several

Sum and Sums are (1,11 remaining due, in Arrears and unpaid, as appearnh upon Oath to us Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace 1 for the said Borough, and the said several Persons having been summoned to appear before us to answer the Pre-

miffs, as also appeareth to us < the Lid Justices upon

Oath, that nor either of Lhem having shewn any sufficient

‘ Cause why such Sum or Sums of Moqey should not be paid: These

are therefore in His Majesty's Name to will and require you or either

of you forthwith to levy the said several Sums due from the said Persons,

and hereunder joined to or let against their Names respectively, by.

' Dili refs and Sale of their respective Goods and Chattels (such Goods ‘ and Chattels being kept for the Space of Four Days before the fame

are fold,) tendering to them respectively, on Demand, the Overplus

‘ (ff

312 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 22

(if any be) the reasonable Charges of such Distress, Sale and Keeping,

being first deducted; and if no sufficient Distress can be had or taken, ‘ that then you certify the same to us* to the End such further Proceed-

mgs may be had therein as to the Law doth appertain; and we do here-' by ftritfUy charge and command all and Angular the Constables and other

His Majesty's Peace Officers for the said Borough, to be aiding and assist-‘ ing in all Things relating to the Premises. Given under Our Hands

and Seals this

Day of

in the Year of our Lord

A.B. C. D.

E. F. The Landlord for divided G. H.

Sums due.

jT.

How Rites

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons m»j becoiieft. shall remove out or from or quit the Possession of any Hogse, Shop, Build-^/removin* 'nS» Tenement, or other Premises, before such Rate or Rates, Assessment ie> reimoniig. Assessments charged thereon respectively shall be paid and dticharged, or if any Person or Persons shall enter into the Occupation of any House, Shop, Building, Tenement, or other Premises in the said Patifli, out of or from which any other Person or Persons shall have so removed before such Rate or Rates, Affiffment or Assessments, shall have been pa d and discharged, then and in every such Case the Person or Persons so removing out of or from or quitting the Possession of, and the Person or Persons enuring into the Occupation of any such House, Shop, Building, Tenement, or other Premises, shall be respectively subject and liable to the Payment of all such Rates and Assessments in proportion to the Time that such Persons respectively possessed or occupied the fame, in the same Manner as if the Person or Persons so removing or quitting as aforesaid had remained in the Possession or Occupation of such House, Shop, Building, Tenement, or other Premises, or the Person or Persons lo entering info the Possession or Occupation thereof respectively had been originally rated and assessed to such Rates or Assessments, or any of them; and such Proportion shall be ascertained by the said Corporation at any Court or Affemhly; and in case of any Dispute respefbng the Amount or Proportion thereof, the same shall be settled by any Two or more of His Majesty's Joffices of the Peace for the said Borough.

Actions mny

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to he brought for and for the said Corporation, if they shall think expedient, to bring or Rate*- cause to be brought any Action or Actior.s of Debt, or on the Cafe for any of such Rates and Assessment', and in such Action or Actions to declare generally that the Defendant or Defendants is or are indebted to the said Corporation in the Sum or Sums of Money claimed to be due for any (itch Rates or Assessments as aforesaid, without any further oroiher particular Statement, and in every such Action the Defendant or Defendants may be held to Special Bail, on the Affidavit or Affidavits of the Collector 01 Collectors of such Rates or Assessments for the Time being, that the Sum or Sums claimed dothor do amount to the Sum of Ten Pounds or upwards, and is or are unpaid; and in calc the said Corporation (halt

48#. GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

iii arty such Action or Actions recover the Sum or Sums declared for, or any Part thereof, they shall havr and recover fud Cods, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgements may now by Law be levied and recovered; and in such Action or Actions no Essoign, protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Messuage, House,

Tenement, or other Premises', within the said Parish of Saint Margaret,

shall be let intq separate Tenements, or into.separate Rooms or Apartments, or where any Messuage, House, Tenement or Building, with the Yards and Gardens thereto; belonging, or any other Property within the said Parish of Saint Margaret, shall be jet at an annual Rene not exceeding Eight Pounds, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Corporation in each and every such Case to rate or assess the Landlord or Owner with the whole Rate or AlFrffment under this Act, and the Landlord or Owner shall in each and every such Case be charged with and hfble.to, pay the whole Rate or AlMment accordingly; but it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Landlord or Owner to recover of his or her respective Tenant every such Rate or Assessment as Renr, and by the fame Means as he or -(he shall or may be enabled to recover his or her Rent or re,-spetSive Rents.'i i r i m. . . ,r ,> Jt if (

XIV. And be it further enacted, That where any . Messuage, Hoyfe, Personsiet-Tenement, or other Preirufes within the said Parish of Saint Margaret

shall be let into ready; furnished.Lodgings the Landlord or Owner ,cf njihed Lod-every such Messuage, House, Tenement, or other Premises, shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed aii|J, taken to be the Occupief thereof, Oecuoiersfor and shall be rated to-and pay the several; Hates and Assessments made by virtue of this Act.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That, the Goods and ftaefoodrof Chattels of ail and every Pet fm or Persons renting or occupying any lucn occupiers Messuage, House, Tenement* or other Premiies, or any Part or Parts ^amedfof thereof, the Rate or Rates, Assessmenc or Assessments whereof the Land- Rates.

lord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, is and are hereby made liable and subject to as aforesaid, shall be liable at.all Times to bediftramed and fold for Payment of so much of the said Rates or Assessments, and of all Arrears thereof, as became due upon the said Premises during the Time of tus, her, or their Occupancy only; bur no such Occupier or Occupiers shall at any Time be required to pay or be subject or liable to pay any greater Sum for or towards the Discharge of the said Rates or Affff nents, or any of them and Arrears thereof,' than the Amounc of the Rent actually due and payable by such Occupier or Occupiers to the Landlord or Landlords,

Owner or Owners, of the Premises so occupied by him, her, or them:

Provided also, that each and every Occupier of any Turn idled Lodging who shall pav any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, or any Arrears thereof, or upon whom, the same shall be levied, shall and.may from Time to Time deduct the fame from the Rent due and payable from him, her, or them to the respective Landloids or Owners of the Premises (unless there shall be some Agreement to the contrary between the Landlord or Tenant), and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Difchatge to fin h Otcup’sr or Octupi.rs, and.to his, her, or their Land-|. rd or Landlords, for fomurh Money as he, she, or they, shall pay in the Ma nrr Oirested by this Act: Provided also, That no such Tenant or [Lee. £3* Ftr.] 4 K Occupier,

For the belter recovering Rate* on H* uses let at small Rents.

m 48° GEORGII HI. Cap. ii.

Occupier, by Payment of any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, in Manner aforesaid, shall be deemed to acquire any Settlement in the said Parish, but in every such Case the Landlord or Owner of the Pre-' mises shall be deemed and construed to have paid the fame, any Lawr Statute, or Usage, to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Houses unoc-

XVI. Provided always, arid^e it further enacted, That no Person or rateiDl"0t Persons shall be liable to pay any Rate or Assessment to be made under the Authority of this Act, for or in respect of any Messuage, House, or other Building, or of any Land which shall be unoccupied during the Whole of the Quarter ot a Year, in or which the Quarterly Portion of Rate or Assessment demanded shall have become or accrued due.

Books may he

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Rate or infyeited, &c. Rates> AssesslltnC or Assessments, and all Books of Accounts concerning the Receipts, Payments, and Di(burfcmems, shall from Time to Time, and at all convenient Times, upon Application being made to the Registrar or Clerk to the said Corporation, be open to the Inspection and Pemfal of any Person or Persons paying to such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments; and that the Registrar or Clerk for the Time being to the said Corporation shall, at the Rtquest of any Person or Fcrions paying to such Rates or Assessments as aforesaid, make or cause to be made a Copy or Copies of the Lid Rates or Assessments, or any Part of them, within a reasonable Time after demanded, such Person or Persons paying such a Sum of Money for the same as by Law now provided.

Corporation XVIlf. And be it further enacted, That the said Corporation shall and dial 1 prii’t and they are hereby required once in every Year to print and publish, or Accounts6 r cause to be printed and published, at lead Two hundred Copies of the annually. Account of all Receipts and Disbursements, Debts and Credits of the said Corporation, and to give One Copy to the several Members of the said Corporation, and the Residue thereof shall be distributed amongst the several Persons paying to such Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, as aforesaid, applying for the same.

power for

XIX. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall in any Action, Prosecution, Information, Cause, or Proceeding whatsoever relating to or ntifcs," " concerning the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, be deemed incompetent to give Evidence therein by reason of his or her being rated to and liable to pay any Rate or Assessment made in pursuance of this Act.

Power to bor.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall appear to the said row Money. Corporation at any Court or Assembly, that ic shall be necessary for the several Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, to take up any Sum or Sums of Money by Loan, over and above any such Rates or Assessments to be made and levied as aforesaid, then and in every such Calc it shall and may be lawful to and for any Fifteen nr more of the said Guardians, at any Court or Assembly, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money, as they (full judge necessary, for such Purposes, upon the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments to be made, levied, and collected by virtue of this Act, so that the whole Sum due and owing on the Crtdit of the said Rates or Assessments at any One Time shall not exceed One thousand Pounds, 5-, and

3*5

48° GEORGII Hi. Cap. 2 2.

and by Writing under the Seal of the said Corporation, to assign all o- any Part of the said Rates or Aflefimencs to such Person or Persons a>- shall lend or advance any Money thereon, not exceeding the Sum of One thousand Pounds, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustets as a Security for the Principal Money to be advanced, with legal Interest for the fame, and the Charge* and Expences of such Assignment thereof ( o be made as hereafter mentioned) (h ill be fro®) Time to Time defrayed by the said Corporation out of the Monies so borrowed, and every such Alignment shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

« Y^TE the Guardians of the Poor of the Borough of King's Lynn in the County of Norfolk, and within the Liberties of the fame Borough,

by or in purluanccof an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of Km & George the Third, intituled, [here Jet forth tb* Title of this //<7] in consideration of the Sum of

advanced and lent by A.B. upon the Credit and for the Purposts of the said Act, do htreby grant and assign unto the said A.B. for to his Trustee or Trustees, as the Case may require) his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Rates or Assessments to be raised, levied, and collected by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum of

doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which may at any Time be borrowed

or become due and owing, or be charged upon the Credit of the said Rates or A(T Aments, to be had and holden from this

Day of until the said Sum of with

, Interest at per Centum per Annum for the same shall be

, repaid and satisfied. Given under our Common Seal the

Day of in the Year

And every such Security shall be good, valid, and effectual, and shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Payment thereof, and to all Profit and Advantage thereof, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Persons entitled to any of the said Securities, and their respective Executors, Admir.strators, or Assigns, ac any Time by Writing under their Hands and Seals to transfer such Securities to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and every such Transfer may be in the Words or to the Effect following:

‘ T A. B.being entitled to the Sum of by virtue of an Assign-

A ment bearing Date the Day of

under the Seal of the Guardians of the Poor of the Borough of King’s

Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and within the Liberties of the said Borough, upon the Credit of the Rates or Assessments, do hereby

transfer all my Right and Title in and to the same Sum, and all I.itercftg

and other Money now due and aiifing thereon, unto E. F. his Execu-

tors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated the Day of

And a Copy of every Security or Assignment which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and an Exjraft or Memorial of every Transfer thereof respectively, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the kegiftrar or Clerk to the said Corporation, which Excraft or Memorial shall specify and contain the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money thereby transferred, to which Book any Person interested shall

9 Jit

Power of tran ferring Assignments and Annuities in a pieftribed Form

316 48° GEORGII III. Cap. it. at all seasonable Times have Access, and shall have free Liberty to inspect the lame without Fee or Reward , and for the entering of every such Iransfer the said Registrar or Clerk shall be paid by the Person to whom such Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Three Shillings and no more; and every such Transfer, after Entry thereof as aforesaid, shall entitle the Person to whom the Transfer shall be made, and his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred. ' . t -,) . '

Application or M nty borrowed. . ',.!» \ .,' 0 J ’ >. . 1 -

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all the Money which may be borrowed, advanced, or lent as aforesaid on the Credit of the said Rates or Assessments, fti-.ll be paid to the Treasurer for the Time being to the fjyd Corporation, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoinc, 2nd the same shall be applied and disposed of in paying- and defraying the Cells, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and far other the Purposes of this Act, and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

Appeal,

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thatifany Person 01 Perl ns shall th-k himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved determined by any Rate or R nes, AlEfTnent or Affeflmems, made by virtue of this Act, or by any Order, Judgement, or Determination of the said Corporation, or by any other Matter or T> ing done or directed to be dime or committed by or by Order of the said Corporation, such Person or Persons may appeal to the said Corporation at any Court or Afltmbly to be holdeii within Three Calendar Months next after the Cause ot Complaint shall have arisen, or any Ma ter or Thing done or committed' by orbyOidef of the said Corporation, and the said Guardians at such Court or Aficm-bly, or any Fifteen or more of them, are hereby authorized and empoweied, if they shall think such Persons aggrieved, to give such Relief in :he Premises as to them shall ieem fit and necessary, and if any such Person or Persons shall not be futisfied with the Determination of the said Guardians, or if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or therr-selves, aggrieved by reason of any Judgement, Order, or Determination, of any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal ro the G neril Quarter S. (lions of the Peace to be holden for the said Borough, within Four Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Guardians, or any Fifteen or more of them, or after the Caule oi Compfaint shall have arisen, such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given. Ten Days Notice at ieaft in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal and of the Matter thereof to the Registrar or Clerk to the said Corporation, and within Three Days next after such Notice entering into a Recognizance with fuftkient Sureties, in iheSum of Thirty Pounds before some Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, conditioned for prufecuting such Appeal, and to abide the Order thereon, and to pay such Coils as shall be awarded by the Justices at such General Charter Sessions, and the said Justices at such General Quarter Stflians, upon due Proof of such Notice given as aforesaid and of entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the Caules and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing or appealed againstas they the said Justices shall think proper, and the f.tid Justices may if they feecause order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pur Chance of such Judgement or Determination-, add may also order and award such further bitisfafti.n to be made to the Party injured as they shall think reasonable.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 22. 317

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on Appeal from ihesaid Rates or Assessments or any of them to be made for the Purposes of this Act, the Justices at such General Quarter Sessions shall and may , amend the fame in such Manner as may be necessary for giving Relief ^ho'^Aflerr. without qualhing or altoing such Rates or Afieffmencs with respect to meat, other Pt rions mentioned in the fame, but if upon Appeal trom the whole

Rate or A(Teflme.it it shall be found necessary to set aside the fame, then and in such Case the said Justices shall and may order a new Rate or Assessmtm to be made in the Manner herein directed.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be Distrefi not made for any Sum of M >ney to be levied by virtue of this Act, the ^l*"f"lffor Distress iti'elf shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties ma* Form merely, king the fame be deemed a Trclpiffer or Trespassers, on account of any

Deffft or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction,

Want of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the

Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio

on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such

Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage

in an Affirm upon the Cafe: Provided always, That no Plaintiff or

Plaintiff' (hill recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice pontiff not

in Writing shall have been given to the Registrar or Clerk to the said to recover

Corporation, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, Ten Days before ^el'or after

such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Tender of

Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, specifying the Cause of such Action, Amenj!‘

nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action, if Tender of suffi-

cient Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before

such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made,

it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, determined by Leave of the Couft where furh Action shall depend at any Time beloie Iflur joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he,

(he, or they shall think (it, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit Limitation shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against any Person or Per- of Action*, lbns for any Thing done or to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, after Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed, or the Cause of such Action shall have arisen; and every such Action shall be brought and laid in the County of Noi/olk, and not elsewhere; anJ the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead at hi', her, or their El action specially or the General issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance or by the Authority of this Aftj and if upon the Trial of such Action or Suit it shall appear to have been so done, or ihat such Action or Suit shall have bren brought before the Expiration of Fourteen Days nrxc after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or afrer a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as afore-[Lsc. is5 Per.] 4 L said.

3 i8 48° GEORGII III. Gap. 32.

said, or af(er the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every of the said Cafes the Jury shall find a Verdict for tre Defendant or Defendants; and in all Cafes where a Verdict shall be found for any Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, or he Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall difrontinue the fame after ihc Defend' t or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be nor.suited, or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given auainst (urh Plaintiff 01 Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover full Coifs, and have such and the like Remedy for recovering the same as any Difendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Costs of Suit in any other Cafes by Law.

foi°mer°Aftsf

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, and all extended to other Acts nnw in force for ievying and collecting the Rates for the Relief of this Act. the puor within that Part of the United Kingdom called England, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Restrictions, Indemnities, Prot ctions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things therein resptft-ively contained, lave and except such Parts thereof as ate varied, altered, or repealed by this Act, or by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, deanfing, lighting, watching, and improving the Borough nf King’s Lynn, in the County of Norfolk; and for removing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for holding the Saturday and BeaJIMarkcts within more convenient Parts f the fain I'-1' ' Borough, shall be as good, valid, and effectual lor carrying the Act into

Execution, to all Intents and Purposes w.fiaisoever, as if the lame had been particularly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the

Art rot so ex- . n . n

tend to South said recited Act or this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to ex-Ly.in Ail tend, to the Parish of South Lynn othtrwile All Saints within the said

Saints. n u

Borough.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Chargts, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid by the Treasurerfor the Time being to the said Corporation out of the Monies already collected or received and paid into his Hands, or to be collected and received by him by virtue of this Act, in preference to ali other Payments whatsoever.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by ail judges, Justices, and others, without being Ipeciaily pleaded.

For payin? Iixpencts of Act.

Publick Act

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 23.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of His pi'efent Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Tid Saint Giles and Newton, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge., and in Tid Saint Mary's, in the County of Lincoln; and for adding thereto certain other Lands in Tid Saint Mary's aforesaid, lying contiguous to the Lands described in the said Act.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An 13 G. 3. c. 60. Afl for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Tid Saint Giles and Newton, in the Isle of Ely, in the County of Cambridge, and in Tid Saint Mary’s, in the County of Lincoln, where-by certain Commissioners were appointed for putting the fame in Execution; and the said Commissioners were empowered to assess, rate, tax, and charge all and Angular the Lands and Grounds in the District therein particularly described, with a yearly Sum per Acre, until all the Money which should be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Act, with the Inte-[Loc. & Per.] 4 M rest

322

Fer adding certain Lands in Tid Saint Mary s Fen to the District

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

re4 Hereof should be discharged: And whereas the said Commissioners have made several Cuts, Drains and Outltts, and erected several Engines and made several Banks, and done other Wor)<s, in, through, and upon the said Lands and Grounds, for draining and improving the lame, and have assessed the said Lands and Grounds with the several Rates and Taxes authorized by the said recited Act: And whereas for the Purpose of making and preftrving the said Works of Drainage, the said Commissioners have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Security of the Rates and Taxes chargeable upon the said Lands and Grounds, and have assigned over the said Rates and Taxes for securing the Monies so borrowed, with the Interest there--reof; rndhave also borrowed a further Sumof Five hund'ed Pounds upon their own personal Security, and have expended the fame in discharging Debts incurred for Works done in the Execution of the said recited Act, and the fame now remains unpaid i and a considerable Debt is also due upon the Alignment of the said Rates and Taxes, and otherwise on account of the said Lands and Grounds: And whereas the said Lands and Grounds might be more effectually drained and improved; but the Hates and Taxes authorized to be raised by the said Act have been found iosufficient for the Payment of the Interest of the Monies already borrowed, and for maintaining and keeping in Repair the present Works; and the Powers given to the said Commissioners are also found to be insufficient for the effectual Drainage and Improvement of the said Lands and Grounds, and it is therefore nectflary to repeal certain Parts of the said Act, and to make some Alterations and Amendments in other Parts thereof, and to lay additional Taxes on the said Lands and Grounds, in order to raile Money to answer the said Purpol'es: And whereas certain Lands and Grounds, forming a Farm called The Hundred Here Farm, in Tid Saint Mary's aforesaid, containing by Admeasurement One hundred and twenty-eight Acres and Thirteen Perches, and now the Property of his Grace the most noble Edward Adolphus Duke of Somerset, have derived considerab'e Benefit from the Works of Drainage made under the said recited Act, and may also be further improved by being put under the Management of the said Commissioners, and conGdered Part of the Lands to be drained under the said recited Act; and the said Duke is desirous that the fame should be so considered, and is willing that the fame should be taxed in the fame Proportion as the other Lands adjoining the reto-, may it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cob lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Times and Places of Meetings of the Commissioners, and to the Number of Commissioners requisite to put the said Act in Execution, and as relates to the Payment of the Expences of the said Commissioners on account of their Attendance at any of their Meetings, and also as relates to the collecting and recovering of the Rates and Taxes, and also as telates to the Exemption of any Security or Proceedings under the said Act from Stamp Duties, shall be nd the fame is and are here reptaled.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the said Lands and Grounds called The Hundred Acre Farm herein-before mentioned, shall be and are hereby deemed and taken as Part and Parcel of, and shall be added to the District of Land to be drained under and by virtue of the said recited Act, and shall for ever hereafter be tak-. n to be Part of the lame, and 6 shall

48° GEORGII III. Cap. SJ* 323

shall be subject to the fame Powers and Provisions, and in every Helped be put as much as may be on the fame Footing with the other taxable Lands which lie in Tid Saint Mary's Fen, on the Welt Side of Shofftndikt Bank, directed to be drained under the said recited Act, and shall enjoy evety Advantage of Drainage therewith, and be charged with the fame Taxes in the same Manner as if such Lands and Grounds so by this Act: added to the said District as aforesaid, had been a Part thereof, and incorporated and taxed with the other Lands therein at the Time of obtaining the said Act (except as to so much 3nd such Part and Parts of the said recited Act as are or shall, in and by this Act be varied, altered, or repealed.)

III. And be it iurther enacted, That the Commissioners acting under Commission-the said recited Act, and their Sicctffors, to be el.-sted in the Manner di-

rested by the said recited Act, together with such Petfin and Persons as is, are, or shall at any Time hereafter be or become possefleJ of Fifty Acres at the lead (Statute Measure) of the Lands and Grounds fuujeft or liable to be taxed, rated, or addled under or by vutue of the said recited Act and this Act, and all and every Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees for Infants or other incapacitated Persons, lo poflcHing Fifty Acres (Statute Measure) of the said Lmds or Grounds, it all be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for executing the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act; and the (tveral Persons hereby empowered to act as Commissioners tn the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act shall have the fame Powers Authorities, and Privileges, in all Respest-, for executing the said rrcited Act and this Act, as if d»ey had been originally appointed Comm ffi >ners by the said recited Act: Provided always, That no more than One Trustee shall be capable ot acting in respect of one and the fame Prop r:y. 1 -

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons not being Penalty on qualified by some one of the Means by the said recited Act or this Act .'c|r°n £r.t-prescribrd, shall act as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution Iffiiff.iung of the said recited Act or this Act, he or they shall for every such Offence

forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to be recovered, wiih full Costs of Suit, by any Person or l’erlons who flirll inform or lue for the fame in any ot His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster (or in the Court of 1 leas to be held within the said Isle of Ely. if such Offence shall be committed within the Jurisdiction thereof) by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Elloign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparhnre shall be allowed; and in such Actiot) of Suir, it shall be only necessary for the Plaintiff or Informer to prove that the Defendant acted as such Commissionrr in the Execution of the said retired Act or this Act, and a Verdict shall be found against the Defendant or Defendants, unlrf-. he or they shall prove in his or their Defence, that he or they were at the Time of his or their so acting, properly qualified to act, according to the tiue Intent and Meaning of the said recited Act or this Act.

V. And be it furher enacted, That the First Meeting of the Com- , missioners after the passing of this Act shall be held at The Vine Inn, in fhc'com-0^ IViJbccb Saint Peter’s,\n the la d Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge,on the mi"-vuerj. First Tuesday next after Three Weeks from the Day of the passing or this Act,

at Eleven of the Clock i toe Foicnoon; at.d that the said Commissioners,

or

3H 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

or any Five or more of them, (Fall meet once at least in every Tear, at

The Vine Inn, in W/Jbech Saint Peter's aforesaid, or at such other Place or Places as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time appoint, on the Second Tuesday in the Month of /Ipril, in each and every Year, and at such other Time or Times as they the said Commissioners shall think nc-teflary, and shall by Notice under the Hands of any Two or more of them (although not adembled at any Meeting) or by Notice under the Hand of their Clerk, appoint; and the said Commissioners present at any such Meeting may from Time to Time adjourn the fame, to be holden at any other Time or Place they shall think proper; and in case Five Commissioners shall not be present at the Time and Place appointed for holding any such Annual Meeting, so appointed as aforesaid, or Three Commissioners shall not be present at any such adjourned or other Meeting, any one Commifl fioner present, or the Clerk of the said Commissioners, shall and may adjourn the same to any Time not exceeding Thirty Days from the Time when, and to the Place where the lad Meeting was appointed to have been holden, of which Adjournment, Notice shall be given Ten Days previous to such Meeting; and no Act of the said Commissioners shall be good or valid unless it shall be done or ordered at some Meeiing or adjourned Meeting holden under the Authority of this Act (except as herein-after excepted); and all the Powers or Authorities granted to or vested in the said Commissioners, shall and may from Time to Time be exercised by the major Part of them present at any Meeiing, the whole Number present at such Annual Meeting or Meetings not being lei's than Five, and the whole Number present at any adjourned or other Meeting not being less

Chairmanto than Three; and the Commissioners present at every Meeting or adjourned 'appo " * Meeting shall and may choose a Chairman, who in case of an Equality of Vote* on any Question (including the Vote of such Chairman) shall have the decisive or casting Vote; and the first Business done at any such Meeting or adjourned Meeting shall be the Election of such Chairman; provided always, that no Order or Determination of the said Commissioners shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeiing, unless Five Commissioners at the lead shall be present and concur in the revoking or al-altering thereof; except as to the opening and (hutting down of Tunnels or Sluices, as in the said recited Act mentioned.

Commission-

VI. And be it further enacted, That Notice of all Meetings to be

Notice8cfe holden by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, except of the an-

Mcctings. nual or adjourned Meetings, shall (unless hereby or by the said recited Act

otherwise directea) be given in some Weekly Newspaper usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the Lands and Grounds hereby and by the said recited Act directed to be drained and preserved, or by affixing the fame on some publick or conspicuous Place in Wisbech Saint Peter’s aforesaid, and on the Doors of the Parish Churches of Newton, Tid Saint Gilts, and Tid Saint Mary’s, or by both such Ways if the same shall appear to the said Commissioners to be necessary or requisite.

Expence*

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this

at Meeting*, gum of Four Pounds may and shall be paid and allowed for the

Expences of the Commissioners at the Annual and Special Meetings of the said Commissioners to be holden under or by virtue of this Act, and the Sum of Three Pounds in the Whole for the Expence of the said Commissioners

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 23. 32S

m'.flicners at the adjourned Meetings; any Thingin the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said 1Ta(j"5tobe Commissioners, at their first Meeting to be holden after the passing of this 81

Act, or at any Adjournment thereof, and from Time to Time at their several Annual Meetings to be holdtn on the Second Tuesday in the Month of Airil in each and every Year, or at any Adjournments thereof, to affrfs, rate, tax, and charge all and every the Owners and Occupiers of all and singular the Lands and Grounds in the said Parishes of Tid Saint Giles and Nitvton, which lie on the West Side of Black Dike, and also of all and singular the Lands and Grounds (including the said Hundred Acre Farm) in Tid Saint Mary’s Fen, which lie on the Wtft Side of Sioffen-dike Bank, by an equal and proportional Acre Tax, in such Rate or Sum as the said Commissioners shall think proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Six Shillings in any One Year, in lieu and instead of the Sum of Four Shillings in the said recited Act mentioned, for each and every Statute Acre thereof, and so in proportion for any less Quantity than an Acre; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners at the Time or Times aforesaid, in like Manner to afiefs, rate, tax, and charge the Owners and Occupiers of all and singular the said Lands and Grounds in the fad Parishes of Tid Saint Giles and Ntwlcn, which lie on the East Side of Black Dike, and the fame Lands are hereby charged with such Annual Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall think proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, in lieu and instead of the Sum of One Shilling in the said recited Act: mentioned, for each and evtry Statute Acre thereof, and so in proportion for any lefif Quantity than an Acre; all which said respective Rates, Taxes, and Charges shall become due ana payable and fhalLbe paid by the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the said respective Lands and Grounds, to the Coikfto.r or Collectors* Rectiver or Receivers, or^other Person or Persons, at such Time or Times, at such Place or Places, and in such Manner and Form as the said Commissioners shall at any of their Meetings to be holden under this Act, or at any Adjournment thereof, di-rest or appoint; and such Rate and Rates, Tax and Taxes, shall be raised and levied in Manner directed by this Act; and all such Rates and Taxes shall continue to be chatged and paid, each and every Year lo long as shall be necessary for paying and discharging such Sum or Sums of Money as have been borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Act, and which shall or may be borrowed on the Credit thereof and of this Act, and all Imerelt now due or which shall hereafter become due for the lame respectively, and also the several Debts incurred by the Commissioners acting under the said recited Act, and so long as shall be necessary for carrying the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further-enacted, That from and after the passing of this Tenantsto Act, all and every the Tenants and Occupiers of the said Lands and pavtheTaxes, Grounds, who shall be afieftedttiated, taxed, or charged by virtue of this the?m from Act, shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby authorized and re- thsirRents; quired to pay all and every such Rates and Taxes for the Lands and Grounds in then respective Occupations, and to deduct and retain out of his,

her, or their Rent or Rents, all such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall [_Loc. £3* Per.J 4 N so

326

but not to dniuff Penalties incur, ed for Non payment of Rat-i, etc.

Beneficial LdTee* not to be allowed to deduct Taxes.

Certain t.eaf.s or Agreements not to be affected.

Penal y on

Persons neglecting to pay the Rates.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

lb respectively pay as aforesaid; and the several and respective Landlords and Owners of such Lands and Grounds is and are hereby required to allow Rich Deductions and 1'ayments upon Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their Rene or Rents; and every such Tenant or Occupier paying any such Rates or Taxes shall be acquitted and discharged of as much Money as such Rates or Taxes so paid by him, her, or them respectively flia.ll amount unto, as fully and tffcftually as if the fame had been actually paid to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords (except where there is or may be any Lease or Agreement to the contrary; but nothing herein contained shall extend or be conltrurd to extend to enable any Tenant or Occupier to deduct from his or her Rent, any Penalty or Forfeiture incuried by Nonpayment of the Rates and Taxes hereby imposed.

X. Provided nevertheleR, and be it further enacted, That no Lessee or Tenant cf any Lands or Grounds charged with the Rates or Taxes im-pefrd by this Act, who shall hold Rich Lands or Grounds by virtue of or under any Lease or Leases from any LSishop or Collegiate Church or College, or any Ecclesiastical Corporation, Idle or aggregate, or by virtue of or under any other Lease or Agreement, of whion other Lease or Agreement there shall at the Time of passing this Act, be more than Seven vears to come and unexpired, shall be entitled to deduct the said Rates or Taxes, or any of them, out of the Rent reserved or made payable by any such Lease or Agreement, but that the said Rates and Taxes shall be charged upon and paid by the LtlRes or Tenants so holding such Lands or Grounds as aforesaid.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted and declared, That nothing in the said recited Act or the Act contained, Hull extend to charge any other Lrffor or LelTors with the Payment of the Rates or Taxes, or airy of them, by the said recited Act or this Act charged, contrary to any express Stipulation made or contained in or by any Lease or Lealcs, Agreement or Agreements, in which it hith been agreed that the Rates, faxes, or Assessments for the Drainage or Prefer vatian of any of the said L inds and G ounds comprized in or demited by .-.nv such Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements, shall be paid by the Lessee or Lefiets thereof, any Thing herein contained to thecontraiy nowithll tiding.

XII. And, for enforcing the due and punctual P..yment of the Rates and Taxes by this Act charged, be it further enacted, 'Chat if any Person or Persons, 'ubjeft or liable to the Payment of the said Rates or Taxes, or any Part thereof, shall omit or neglect to pay the fame, or any Pjrt thereof, to the Coll ftur or Cuileftors, Rtc.iver or Receivers, or ocher Person or Persons appointed by ihr said Commidinners to receive anj eol-left the fame, for the Space of Twenty D.vs r.ext afrer the respective Days or Times appointed for Payment of the I,.me by the said Co.n-missioners (Fourteen Days Notice in Wilting of the respective Times of such Payments having been previously given by the said Collector or Col-leftors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons who is or aie liable to pay the fame, either by delivering such Notice to him, her, or them, or leaving the fame at his, her, or their usual Place or Places ot Abode, or it such last-mentioned Person or Persons shall not have any Place of Abode within the Parish in which the Lands or Grounds fur or in respect of which he, she, or they, shall be assessei! and rated as aforesaid, shall lie, then by affixing

327

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

such Notice upon the Church D.or of the Parish where such Lands and Grounds or any Part thereof shall lie, and which Notice shall be and be deemed and taken to be a full and sufficient Notice to all Persons concerned, of the Day of Payment of such Rates or Taxes) then and in every such Case, every Person so omitting or neglect ng, Hull forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners, by way of Penalty, for every such Omission, Neglect, or Non-payment, the Sum of One Penny for every Shilling of the said Rates and Taxes which shall be so in Arrear and unpaid, and so in proportion for any less Sum than One Shilling, and such Penalty shall be paid to the Collector or Coliedors, Receiver or Receivers of such Rates and Taxes, or to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint to receive the same , and in Default of Payment thereof to such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or to such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, on Demand, every such Penalty shall and may be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means, and in such and the same Manner, as the Rates and Taxes hereby charged, or any of them, may or can be levied and recovered -, and all such Penalties, when received, shall be applied by the said Commissioners in carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall refute, onur, or neglect to pay all or any Part of the Rates or Taxes which he, she, or they is and are hereby made liable to pay and discharge, for the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the Days or Times which Hull be appointed for Payment of the fame respectively, or shall refuse, omit, or neglect to pay all or any Part of the Penalty or Penalties which shall b come due by Reason of the Non-payment thereof, then and in every such Case ic shall and may be lawful to and for the Coilerdor or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the said Rates and Taxes, or any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Precept under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any Three of them (which Warrant or Precept the said Commissioners, or any Three of them are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time to grant and make, as Occasion shall require, whether assembled at a Meeting or not) to enter into and upon all or any Part of the Lands and Grounds hereby taxed and charged as aforesaid, for which such Rares, Taxes, or Penalties shall be due and owing, and all Messuages and Tenements therepon (landing, and thereto belonging, with the Appurtenances, and to levy the Sum or Sums of Money due and owing or payable for such Rates and Taxes, by such Person or Persons having retufed, omitted, or neglected to pay the fame, and also to levy the Sum or Sums of Money due and owing by such Person or Persons as last aforesaid, by way of Penalty for the Non-payment of such Rates and Taxes, or of any Part thereof, by Distress of the Goods, Chattels, and Effects which shall or may be found thereon, or of a sufficient Part thereof; and the Goods, Chattels, and Effects, which shall be so distrained, co impound and keep on the Premises, or take, lead, drive, carry away, and keep for the Space of Five Days, at the Cells and Charges of the Person or Persons liable to pay the said Rates, Taxes, or Penalties, leaving at such Messuages or Tenements, Lands, Grounds or Premises, or delivering to the Occupier cr one of the Occupiers of the fame, Notice in Writing of such Distress being made, and of the cause thereof, and of the Place or Places where such Distress is to be found, or is taken, driven away to, impounded, and kept; and in case the Sum or Sums of Money for which any such Distress

Power of

Distress in case of Nonpayment.

.128 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

tress shall be made, and all Costs. Charges, and Expences attending such Distress, shall not be paid and discharged to the Coile&or or Colicdors, Receiver or Receivers of such Rates or Taxes, or to the Person or Persons making such Distress, within Five Days next after the making of such DistreE, and Notice thereof given as aforesaid, then and in every such , Cafe the Person oY Perfms so making such D.(tress, shall and may, with the Constable or Headborough of the Parish where such Distress shall be made (who is and are hereby directed, upon being the reunto required, to assist therein) cause the Goods, Chattels, and Effects so distrained, to be appraised by Two or more indifferent Persons, 10 be sworn by such Constable or Headborough (who is and are hereby required and empowered to administer the proper and necefiaryOath or Oaths), and such Two Persons are hereby required to appraile the fame, according to the belt of their Judgments; and after such Appraisement it li.ail and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons making such Distress, to (ell or cause to be sold the Goods, Chattels, and Effects so distrained, for the bed Price or Prices that can be rea-f nably had or gotten for the fame, for and towards Satisfaction of the Monies for which inch Distress and Sale shall be so made, and the Cods, Charges, and Expences, of taking, keeping, appraising and felling the fame, rendering the Overplus of the Money artfing from such Sale (if any) on Demand, to the Person or Persons entitled thereto.

Distress,where

XIV. And whereas Persons liable to the Payment of the Rates and removed from Taxes may, in order to evade the Payment of the fame, and of the Pe-the Lands, to nalties due thereon, remove their Goods, Chattels, and Effects, from off

evade the Payment of the Taxes.

Lands to remain liable if no Distress found.

5 and the Lands and Grounds hereby taxed and charged as aforesaid, belonging to or in the Occupation of such Person or Persons y be it therefore enacted, That in all Cafes where no sufficient Distress can be found on such Lands and Grounds whereon to levy and raise the Rate or Rates, Tax or Taxrs, due and payable by any such Person or Persons, and the Penalty or Penalties which shall have become due by reason of the Non-payment thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the said Rates and Taxes, or any oihcr Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant or Prtctpt under the Hands and Seals cf any Three or more of the said Commissioners (which Warrant or Precept such Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are heteby empowered and required from Time to Time to grant and make, as Occasion shall require, whether assembled at a Meeting or not) to levy all nd every such Rate or Rates, Tax or Taxes, and Penalties, by Distress and Sale of any other Goods, Chattels, and Effects of any such Person or Persons, whensoever and wheresoever such Goods, Chattels and Effects shall be found, in like Manner as herein-before authorized and ili eded rcl'peding the Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattels and Effects which shall be found on the Lands and Grounds hereby taxed and charged as aforesaid, together with all Colls, Charges, and Expences attending such Distress and Sale.

XV. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as it shall happen that the Lands for or in resptd of which any such Rates or Taxes as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or any Penalty or Penalties for the Non-payment of any such Rates or Taxes, shall be due and unpaid, shall be unoccupied, or that no sufficient Distress can be found theteon for levying the lame Rates or Taxes, and Penalties, then and in every such Case, such Lands shall be and remain a Sccuiity for the Payment ot all such Rates, Taxes,

3*9

*8" GEORGII III. Cop, 23.

and remain a Security for the Payment of all such Rates, Taxes, and Penalties respectively so due and unpaid; and all Goods, Chattels, and Effects, which shall at any Time thereafter be found on such Lands, shall and may be distrained, impounded, kept, appraised, and fold in Manner aforesaid, until all the Ratts and Taxes then due and owing for or in respect of such Lands, and all Penalties which shall have become payable by the Non-payment thereof at the Times aforesaid, and ail Cods,

Charges, and Expences incident to every such Distiels and Sale shall be fully paid, satisfied, and discharged.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said tWcrforihe Comm (Tioners, or the major Part of them assembled at any Annual or ^sT^bornw Special Meeting to be holden after the passing of this Act (at which ref- further Mo. peftive Meetings Five Commissioners at the least shall be present(, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time to raise or borrow any »ct exceeding Sum or Sums of Money which they shall think necessary for the Purposes ,ooool‘

this and the said recited Act, not exceeding in the Whole at any one Time the Sum of One thousand Pounds over and above the Monies authorized to be borrowed under the said recited Act; and so that of the Sum and Sums of Money to be so borrowed under this Act, there shall not at any Time be a greater Debt incurred than One thousand Pounds over and above the said Monies authorized to be borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Act; and that when and as often as it shall be found necessary to b< rrow any such Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of One thousand Pounds, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, within the Spare of Three Years from the Time of borrowing the fame, to repay such Sum or Sums of Money, with all Interest due thereon, and also the Expences of railing, (ecuring, and borrowing the fame, and for that Purnofe to rate, assess, and tax the Lands to be drained by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, in the same Manner and Proportions as such Lands are herein directed to be taxed for defraying the Expences of this Act, with such Sum of Money as shall be found necessary, over and above any other Rates, Taxes, and Charges which may be assessed or charged thereon by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act: and that the said last-mentioned Rates or Sums of Money shall be paid to such Persons, and at such Times, and under such Penalties for Non-payment thereof, not exceeding One Penny for each Shilling unpaid, as the said Commissioners shall order and direct; and that the said Commissioners shall have the fame Powers and Remedies in all Respects for enforcing the Payment of such Rates, with the Penalties (if any) incurred thereon, as are herein-before given for enforcing any Rate or Affefimcnc to be made by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, that the said Commissioners shall and corommion-may by Writing under their Hands and Seals, assign over the said Rates rrs m*y assign anu Taxes lad herein directed to be made and raised, as a Security for the Re-payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed as Security last-mrntioned, with lawful Interest for the fame, to the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend the lame, his, her,or their Trustee or Trustees,

Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and such Imercft as aforesaid shall be payable and paid Half Yearly; and all and every Person or Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made, shall be a Creditor and Creditors on the said last-mentioned Rates and Taxes, and [Lee. Es1 Per.'] 4 0 every

3?°

Form of

Mortgage.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

every such Mortgage shall be made for the Sum of One hundred Pounds, and I'uch Mortgage or Assignment may be in the Words or to the Effect following, (that is to say);

‘ XX/'E of the Commissioners appointed by or in

‘ pursuance of an Act, passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign

of King George the Third, int tuled, An Act’ [here insert the Title of this

‘ Aft~\ in Consideration of the Sum of advanced

and lent by A.B. upon the Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act,

do hereby grant and assign unto the said A.B. [or to his Trustee or ‘ Trustees, as the Case may be~\ his Executors, Administrators, and AlTigns,

such Proportion of certain lpec'the Rates, Taxes, or Afirffrnents, to be ‘ raised, levied, and collected, for certain special Purposes in the said Act

mentioned, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum charged, which may at any Time be bor. ‘ rowed or become due and owing and be charged upon the Credit of the said last-mentioned Rates, Taxes, or Assessments; to be had and holden

‘ from this Day of until the said

Sum of with Interest at

per Centum per Annum for the fame, shall be repaid and satisfied. In

‘ W itness whereof we the said Commissioners have hereunto set our Hands ‘ and Seals, the Day of in the

Year

And all such Mortgages or Alignments, and all Mortgages or Assign-nients granted by virtue of the said recited Act, shall be numbered, commencing with Number One, and so proceeding in an arithmetical Progression ascending, whereof the common Excels or Difference shall always be One; and every such Security shall be good, valid,an I effectual, and shall entitle the Pei foil or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her. or their Executors, Administratorr, and Assigns, to the Payment thereof, and to all Profit and Advantage thereon, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

}\v.v«r to transfer Se-curitiea.

Form of Transfer.

Copies of Af-

figmr.ents to be entered in a Book.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall fce lawful for the Persons entitled to any of the Securities for the Money to be borrowed upon Interest by virtue of this Act, and their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns (as the Case may be) at any Tune by Writing under their H inds and Seals, to transfer such Securities to any P.-rfon or Persons whomsoever; and every such Transfer may be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

I A.B. being entitled to the Sum of by virtue of a Mortgage or Alignment bearing D.te the Day of under the H mds and Seals of

t of the Commissioners acting in the Execution of

« an Act, passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, ‘An Act, [here set forth the Title of this Act,upon e the Credit of the Rates, Taxes, and Assessments, granted or payable by < the said Act, do hereby transfer all my Right and Title in and to the 1 fame Sum, and all Interest and other fyjoney now due and arising the re-, on, unto C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated t the Day

And a C py of every Security, Mortgage, or Alignment made by virtue of this Act, and an Extract or Memorial of every Transfer thereof

respectively.

4.8* G E 0RGII III. Cap. 23/ $31

resp?61ively, shall be entered in a Bock to be k"pt for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners; which Excraft or Memorial shall specify and contain the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money thereby transfened j to which B >ok any Person interested shall at all reasonable T.mes have Acceft, and shall have free Liberty to ir.spect the fame without Fee or Reward; and for the entering of every such Transfer, the said Clerk shall be paid by the Person to whom such Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Five Shillings and no more} and every such Transfer, after Entry thereof made as aforesaid, shall entitle the Person to whom the Transfer shall be made, and his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred, without any other Registry or Inrolment whatsoever.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Rates and Taxes to be Taxeirtfled charged by virtue of this Act for the general Purposes of the said recited ln creditor‘’ Act and this Act, and such Rates and Taxes as are now due under the said recited Act, shall be, and are hereby charged and chargeable with and for the Payment of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which have or hath been borrowed by virtue of the said recited Act, and now remain due, and the Interest of such Monies respectively, and shall vest in the respective Creditors until such principal Monies and Interest shall be fully paid and fatiefied, together with the Costs and Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof; and the said Creditors respectively, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have the fame Powers, Rights, and Privileges, of railing, revovering, and enforcing Payment of the said Rates and Taxes, for the satisfying and discharging to them respectively such principal Monies and Interest (if Default shall be made in Payment thereof, as the same shall become due) as the said Commissioners or their Collector or Collectors have or would have had by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, in case the said principal Monies and Interest had been regularly paid and satisfied.

XX. And whereas certain of the Commissioners appointed by virtue of or under the said recited Act, did some short Time since borrow and take up at Inrereft, on their own Personal Security, the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, for the Purpose of discharging certain Debts incurred for necessary Works made and done under the said recited Acr, and the said Sum of Five hundred Pounds was paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Commissioners, and by him applied in discharging such Debts: And whereas the said Sum of Five hundred Pounds, with an Arrear of Interest (or the fame, is still remaining due from the said Commissioners, and it is expedient that Provision should be made as well for paying off and difehatging the said Sum of Five hundred Pounds and the Interest thereof, as for defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall be incurred in, incident to, and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, together with lawful Interest for all Monies which shall be advanced for the said last mentioned Purpose, from the Time or respective Times of the Payment or Advancement thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Coririmissioners appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, and they are hereby authorized and required, at the.r First Meeting after the passing of this Act, and at their General Annual Meeting to be held in the next succeeding Year, toaffefs, rate, tax, and charge all and every of the Owners and Occupiers of all

and

For discharg-injr a certain Debt of 5001. owing from the Commissioners, and the Expences of the prefect Act.

332

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

and Angular the said Lands and Grounds by the said recited Act and this Act intended to be drained, by several Rates or Acre Taxes, in the same Manner and Proportions as the Rates and Taxes for the general Pur-pfcfes of the said recited Aid are directed to be laid and raised in such Rates or Sums of Money as shall be sufficient to fati-fy and pay (he said Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and the Interest thereof, and the said Costs, Charges, and Expences, and Interest of Monies advanced or to be ad-vanetd as aforesaid (over and above ihe laid other Rates, 'Faxes, and Charges herein-before directed or authorized to be assess-d, rated, taxed, and charged as aforesaid); and that the said last-mentioned Rates or Sums of Money shall be paid to such Person or Persons, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner and Form, and under such Penalties for Non-payment thereof, not exceeding One Penny for each Shilling unpaid, as the said Commissioners shall at their said First Meeting, and at their said General Annual Meeting to be held in the succeeding Year next after the passing of this Act, order and direct; and that the said Commissioncis shall have such and the like Powers and Remedies in every Respect for enforcing the Payment and levying of the said last-mentioned Rates and Sums of Money, with the Penalties (if any) incurred thereon, as are herein-before specified for the levying of the said other Rates, Taxes, or Charges, to be afltlfed, rated, taxed, or charged as herein-before mentioned; and the said last-mentioned Rates or Sums of Money, when collected and received, shall be applied in paying off and discharging the said Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and the Interest (hereof, and the said Costs, Charges, anu Expences, and Interest of Monies advanced as aforesaid, and to and f r no ocher Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; but in case any Overplus shall remain of the said last-mentioned Rates or Sums of Money, after the Payments aforesaid, (hen such Overplus shall be applied to and for the general Purpefcs of the said recited Act and this Acr.

Application of

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Monies now in (he Hands the Momn. of tjje 'freasurers, Collectors, or other Officers acting under the said le-cited Ail, and all Arrears, Rates, and Taxes, now due upon or by virtue of the said recited Ar t, and the Monies to arite from the Ratrs and Taxes by this Act impoed as aforesaid, and all pecuniary Penalties, Forfeitures, and all other Monies to be received, levied, or recovered by vii-tue of the said recited Act and this Act, not otherwise disposed of, shall be, and the lame are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and shall be by them applied and disposed of in the Manner following; (that is to lay) in the first Place in paying and defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and the Interest ol all Monies advanced for that Purpose, and then in Discharge of all such Debts as have been contracted by the Commissioners acting under the said recited Act, in making and repairing the several Works of Drainage thereby authorized to be made, or otherwise for the Purposes of the said recited Act, and which are now due and unpaid, and in Discharge of the Interest of all such Monies as have been or shall be borrowed and takrn up at Interest under or by virtue of the said recited Actfand for and towards the several Works ol Drainage and other Works by the said recited Act and this Act authorized to be made, done, and executed, and towards the Support and Maintenance of the fame, and also toy apply any Surplus Money or Balance which may from Time to Time remain after Payment of such Colts, Charges, Interest, and Expence>, and in the Discharge of all such

principal

333

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

principal Monies as have been or shall be bororwed and taken up at Inte* rest under the Authority or on Account of the Did recited Act, and for the general Pur polos of the said recited Act and this Act, and to and for no other Ule, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons, who is> Proprietor?,

are, or shall be a Creditor or Creditors on the Rates and Taxes imposed ‘l]H

by the said recited Act or this Act, and who is, are, or shall be a Proprietor lowed to rfe-or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of any of the said Lands and to’te'

Grounds to be rated or taxed by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, them out of shall at any Time hereafter deduct or set off, or be allowed or permitted then Taxes, by the said Commissioners to deduct or set off, all or any Part of the Inte*

rest payable to him, her, or them respectively, as such Creditor or Creditors as aforesaid, out of or from any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be due from or payable by him, her, or them respectively, for such Rates and Taxes as such Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers as aforesaid; but the Rates and Taxes payable by him, her, or them, shall from Time to Time be paid to the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, under the said recited Act and this Act, in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons was or were in no ways interested as a Creditor or Creditors.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commflioners may and Ttie comm'f-shall in all Cafes sue and be sued in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, fim.eis may and that no Action, Suit, or Information which may be brought, com- ",?thee menced, or filed, or Indicrment which may be preferred or prosecuted, by N.ime of their or against the said Commissioners, or any of them respectively, by virtue J1^1,tror or on Account of the said recited Act or this Act, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal

of any such Treasurer or Clerk, or by the Act of any such Treasurer or Clerk, without the Consent of the said Commissioners; but the Treasurer or Clerk, for the Time being to the said Commissioners, shall always be deemed Plaintiff, Prosecutor, or Defendant, in any ftuh Action, Suit,

Information, or Indictment, as the Case may be: Provided always, thacevery such Treasurer or Clerk, in whose Name any Action, Suit, Information, or Indictment, shall be commenced, preferred, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, shall always be reimbuifed and paid, out of the Monies to arile by virtue of the said recired Act or this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put to or become chargeable with by real'oa of his being made Pontiff, Prosecutor, or Defendant therein.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Allowing an think himself, herself, or themselves ag^iieved, determined by any Thing done in pur- APP'*1, fuance of the said recited Act or this Act, hs, the or they, may within

Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be hulden in and for the said Isle of Ely or County of Lin. coin (as the Case may require) first giving to the Person or Persons appealed against, or to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, in case the Appeal shall be made against any Act or Determination of the said Commit Turners, Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Nature thereof, and within Two Days after such Notice, entering into a Kecou-\JL«c.&Ptr.] 4 P nizance

334-

Exte^ing their vihoosof the said \ct to this Act, &c>

[Publick Act.]

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

nizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said Isle or County, with Two sufficienc Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Justices; and the said Justices shall, upon due Proof of such Notice ai d Recognizance having been given and entered into, hear and determine the said Appeal at such General Quarter Sessions, or if they think proper may adjourn the hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for such Isle or County; and the said Justices, on the hearing and determining of every such Appeal, may award such Cods to the Party appealing or appealed against, as the said Justices shall think proper, and shall and may at their Discretion cfifcharge or mitigate all or any of the Penalties or Forfeitures incurred by the Party or Parties appealing; and the Determination of the said Justices in the said General Quarter Sessions, or Adjournment thereof, shall be final, binding, and contlufive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions and Clauses in this Act, shall in the Execution of the said recited Act be used and applied and construed, so far as the same are applicable, in like Manner as if the fame were specially enacted in the said recited Act; and all and every the Provisions and Clauses of the said recited Act (except where the fame a;e by this Act expressly varied, altered, or repealed), shall, in the Execution of this Act, be used and applied, extended and construed in like Manner as if the fame Provisions and Clauses (except as aforesaid) were specially enacted in this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Etre and Andrew StrahaN', Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. -7.4.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Barton Water fide Hoafe to ..Rifeham Hedge Corner, and other Roads therein mentioned in the County of Linco'n. [ 14 th April 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act 5 G. 3. c. 85, for repairing and widening the Road from Barton Waterside House to Rifeham Hedge Corner, and several other Roads in the County of Lincoln therein, mentioned: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An 26 G. 3.

Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Fifth Tear c- I4C-of Bis present Majeshf s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widen-‘ ing the Road from Barton Waterside House to Rifeham Hedge Corner,

‘ andfederal other of the Roads in the County of Lincoln therein mentioned;

« and for repairing and widening the Road from the old Bridge in the Town of Brigg in the find County, to Wrawby Bar and Bigby Bar in the said ‘ Town; and also the Road from the End of the said Turnpike Road at ‘ Caiftor in the said County of Lincoln, to the South Gate in the said ‘ Town of CaiftorAnd whereas the Trustees appointed to put the said [Lot. Per.] ' 4 Q Acts

338

Former Acts continued.

Trustees.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Acts in execution have in pursuance thereof borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit and Security of the Tolls arising the reby, which with a considerable Arrear of Interest thereon are still due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be kept in Repair unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued; and it is expedient that fonte of the Powers and Provisions thereof should be altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, passed in the Fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, and all the Authorities, Tolls, Powers, Privileges, Exemptions, Provisions, Penalties, and Clauses therein contained and now in force (except such of them as are repugnant to any of the Provisions contained in this Act, and as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties), shall be and the same are hereby further continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were herein particularly inserted, repeated, and re-enacted, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein.contained, and which shall commence upon the passing of this Act; and this Act and the additional 'Perm hereby granted shall be and the same are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies due and owing upon the Credit of the said Acts, or that may hereafter be borrowed upon the Credit thereof and of this Act, and all Interest now due thereon and hereafter to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That Marmadute Allngton Clerk, Joseph Ashton, William Abraham, Richard Allenby, the Right Honourable William Beauclerc commonly called Lord William Beauclerc, Charles Drake Barnard Clerk, Rowland Bowjlead Clerk, George Bulmer, Samuel Booth, Robert Betts, John Brawn, Matthew Burkinjhaw, Stephen Berry, Christopher Bell, William Borman, John Codd, William Bajfett Codd, George Chapman, William Dickinfen, Samuel Dickinson, Thomas Dixon, Joseph Dudding, John Dauber, Charles Empson, William Edmondson Clerk, Jonathan Field, William David Field, Thomas Frear, Benjamin Foottit, Marmaduke Nelson Graburn, William Nelson Graburn, Valentine Grantham Doctor in Divinity, John Grantham, John Holt Clerk, John Hildyard Clerk, William Smith HaJleden, James Hudson Clerk, Theophilus Harneis, Theophilus Harness the younger, Edward Currer Iiolgate, Henry Holgate, Francis Hudson, William Harrison Clerk, Samuel Harnew, John Kirkby, James Graburn Marris, Nathanial Main, Martin Munday, Sir Henry Nelthorpe Baronet, John Nt Ithorpe, George Nelson, Francis Otter, Richard OJller, the Honourable Charles Anderson Pelham, the Honourable George Anderson Pelham, John Parkinson Doctor in Divinity, Thomas Parkinson, William Richardson, John Richardson, Richard Roadley the younger, William Skipworlh, Thomas Skip-worth, Philip Skipworth the younger, Thomas Skip-worth the younger, John Harneis Swan, Joseph Swan, Red-fhaw Spring, John Snell, William Edward Tomline, George Clayton Ten-nyfon Clerk, Charles Ter.nyfon, Samuel Turner, Richard Taylor, William fcfh, John Uppleby, John Uppleby the younger, Charles Appleby, Edward Weston, Charles Weston Clerk, George Whitworth, Edward Wright, William Hemsworth Wilkinson, John Charles Walter, Stephen Timothy West,

2 and

339

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

and Edward Toung, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees to put the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution; and the Trustees hereby appointed shall be added to and aft in conjunction with the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them; and in case any of the Trustees hereby appointed shall die, or by Writing under their respective Hands decline or refuse to a £1 in the Execution of the Trulls hereb'y reposed in them, then some other fit and proper Person shall be elected a Trustee in the Place and Stead of every Trustee so dying, refusing, or declining to act as aforesaid, in the Manner provided or mentioned by the said first recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Exempting Act, no Toll shall be demanded or received for any Horse, Mare, Geld- ^sa^Jer* ing, Mule, or other Cattle, drawring any Carriage going for or returning ^ings from laden or unladen, having been hrtlen only with Stones, Gravel, or other Payment of Materials Tor repairing the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Parishes Tolls, or Places in which the said Roads hereby intended to be repaired or any Part thereof do or doth lie; or any Dung, Mould, Soil, or Compost of any Kind (Chalk and Lime excepted), for the manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground; nor shall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle going for the Purpose of or returning from ploughing, lowing, tilling, or cultivating any Land or Ground, or going for or returning unladen, or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood not sold or disposed of, but to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Yards, or on the Premises of the Owner or Owners thereof; or for any Plough, Harrow, Dray, Sheep Trays or Nets, or other Implement of Husbandry; or for any Horse or other Bead or Cattle drawing or carrying the lame in order for the repairing thereof, or using the fame in Husbandry; or for any Horse or other Beall or Cattle going to or returning from Water or Failure, or going to be or returning from being (hoed or farried; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriage of whatsoever Description employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the fame, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for the Horses of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages or Horses, or other Beads employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of such Soldiers; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption; or for any Carriage, Horse, or other Bead employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Passes; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parish through which any Part of the said Roads doth lie, w'ho shall pass through any of the said Turnpikes to or from his, her, or their respective Parish Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on Sundays, or on Christmas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person dying and to be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from

visiting

340

Statute

Labour.

4b0 GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Miniftcrial Duty on a Sunday, or on Christmas Day, Goad Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor shall any Toll he demanded or taken for or in respect of any Horse, Cattle, or Beall carrying any Passenger, or drawing, any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, or Chair going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of Lincoln, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid not being entitled to the fame, or shall make use of any Fraud whatsoever, whereby the Payment of the Tolls granted and continued by the said recited Acts arid this Act, or any Part thereof, shall be evaded, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and of this Act, and the other Moiety to the Informer or Informers.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or any Division thereof, shall (till remain liable thereto in the like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Lincoln, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of thei», or by.their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwil'e, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work, in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at. such Days and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvell), and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall (mid Time to Time order, direct, and ;r " 5 appoint;

480 GEORGI? til. Cap. 2 4. 34*

appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money In lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof the fame, shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattelsi of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Acts or this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do. such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given tp or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for. every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses,

Bead or Beads to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject or liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall comei to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trudges, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person 11 rail be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refuted to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustee6, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false and imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, of Compenfa. taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act, tlon wll.cn which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Cor- to12001"'° poration Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees,

Trustees, Femes Covert, or other incapacitated Person or Persons, such Money shall if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with ail convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be paid under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax,

r Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (banding settled to the fame or the like

Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so ap-[Loc. & Per.] 4 R ' pPed,

3*2 4^ GEORGII lit* Cap. 24.

pKed1, thenfhe'Tame shall be laid oiit arid inverted, under the like Direc- v 5 tion and Appfbbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Teneriialts, or' Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intent3, and Purposes, find in the fame1 Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, Of used as aforesaid,' ftOod settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined; and capable of taking EffeiEt; and in the mean Time and until such Pitrchafe shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three per Centum Consolidated or Three per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said . Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application

when the Compensation is lets than 200I. and exceed* sol.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Body Politick, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame {hail, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be dignified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and-with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order ihat such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court oi Chanc.-ry.

Application

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money when the f0 agreed or assessed to be paid as herein-before mentioned shall be less than Money i* less twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame frail be applied to than 20 . tjje of t}je person or Persons who would for the Time being have been

entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments'so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Atl, in filth Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person and Persons f« - entitled respectively. ,

4-8° GEORGII IU: ' Cap. 24. 343

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to In case of not whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded or assessed for any rpiOeo* fcc Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be jmrehafed by virtue of this 1 Ad, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Tru flees; or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded or assessed as aforesaid cannot be found, or if, the-Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded or assessed as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \describing the m], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancety; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, anddisposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

Persons in Possession shall be deemed well entitled unless the contrary be shewn.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of The Con* any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, may order

8 entitledreasonable

344

Expences of Purchases to

he paid by the Trustees.

How Expences of the Act to be paid.

[Publick Act.]

Term of the Act.

n C r

4.8' GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands of Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Coils and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said. Court shall direct.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Expences, Costs, and Charges which shall attend the folicidng, obtaining, and passing of this Act, and be incurred preparatory thereto, shall be paid and defrayed out of the first Monies which shall arise or be received from the Tolls to be taken upon the said Roads or otherwise by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the pairing thereof, and shall continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Residue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 25.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Poweis of an Act of His present Majesty, for making and repairing a Road from the West End of Gaivfborough Bridge to Er.Jl Retford and to Gring-ley-uptr.-the H:!fin the County of Nottingham.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Mejefiy King George the Third, in-t tilled, An Act for making, maintaining and repairing a Road 2; g 3. c. 71. from the TV.fi End of the Bridge inten ed to be built at or near the Ferry over the Riv.r 'I ren:, fram Gainsborough in the County of Lincoln, to the Parish of Saunuby in the County of Nottingham, through the Jtveral Parish.s of Saui.dby, beckingham, Bole, Noith Wheatley, Hayton, and Ciareborough, to F.alt krrtord, allfituate in the said County of Nottingham, with a Side Branch jrorn the Boundary Gate between the said Parishes of Buckingham and Saunclby, thr'U«h the said Parifa of Berkingham and the Patish of yringiey-or-the-Hill, in t!oe same County, to the Town of G ingle yon-thra hill aforesaid: And wh. teas grear I’rogress hath been made in the Execution of the Lid recited Act, and confuicrable Sums of Money have b-en borrowed on the Credit of the Toils authorized to be taken thereon,

which (till remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, hor ran the said Hoads be effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair,

{Lee. £5* Per,] 4 S unless

34&

Ar-‘ further ContiaLeii.

Said Act further continued.

For appointing new

Trustees.

48° GEORGII III. Gap. 25.

unless the Term of the said Act is futther continued, and some of the Powers thereof altered and amended, and the Tolls thereby granted increased; may it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the Kirg’s most Excellent M.ajeily, by and wiih the Advice and Consent of the L 'rds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said, recited Act, and all ami every the Matters, Powers, Authorities, Privileges, Provisions, Articles, Rules, Penalties, and Gaults therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and continue in full Force and Effect for and during the Term herein-.ifter mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame wire repeated and re enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and w’nich(except the Tolls herein-afeer mentioned) shall commence and take Effect upon the puffing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and are hereby made funjtft and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls, or upon account of the said recited Act or of this Act, and all Interest due or to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That Sir Charles Anderson Baronet, William Ashton, Samuel Banker, William Barnard, ‘Thomas Btnney, Teonas Boitmcr, Henry Brumby, Thomas Brumby the younger, Cornelius Brumby, William Brumby, Hugh Blaydes, Gamaliel Capes, John Chapman, Thomas Colton, Benjamin Codd, James Cox Clerk, Samuel Crawley, James Septimus Cox, Jofph Cox, William Cross, William Cross the younger, both i f G inglev-upon-thr-Hill, William Cross the younger of Buckingham, George Deal try, Thomas Lacy Dickonfon, Peter Dickonfon, Robert Duckle the yu iger, Frederic Anthony Duckle, Henry Charles Duckle, Anthony Hardolph Eyre, Gcrvafe Anthony Eyre, John Eyre Cl^-rk, William Etherington the you- ge , Robert Flower, Francis Ferrand Foljariibe, Francis Foljambe, Joshua Flint, James Fj-thergill Clerk, William Fretwell, Robert Fret wed, John Parley the younger, John Gamble, Gervas Gamfon, Robert Gamfon, Jam<s Gamfon the V 'unuer, John Gamfin, John Garjitt, John Gylby the younger, Thomas Heines William Barnard Heaton, Edward Hicifon, Tom Jon Hickfon, William Hodges Clerk, Thomas Hodgkinson, John Holmes, Richard Hutchinson Clerk, Henry Clarke Hutchinson, Thomas Johnson, George Kippax, John Kirke, George Maddifon Clerk, John Marshall the younger, Beaumont Marshc.il, Naiha-niel Mafn, George Mason the younger, William Mason, Morebcujc Metcalfe, Robert Moody, Charles Morehouse the younger, Richard Morion, Jonathan Nettleship, John Nettleship, Christopher Neville, John Otter, Robert Davofon Otter, John Pajhley, George Radley, Robert Raven, Robert Raven the younger, Francis Rayn s, George Roynes, John Rogers, Thomas Saurdby, Henry Saundby, John Seels, Thomas Slater, Joseph Stephenson Clerk, George Stovin, Thomas Smith Clerk, Henry Smith, Robert Swan, Samuel Tbcrold the younger, John Thornton the younger, John Tidd, Joseph dorr, Thomas Torr, George (Paddington, George (Paddington the younger, Frederic Wakefield, Thomas Walfb, William Williamson, William Williamfen the younger, Charles Williamson, Gervas Wcodhorfe, and Abraham Youli Clerk, shal) be added to, and joined with, the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Act, for putting the fame and this Act in Ex. ccutton , and the Trusttes hereby nominated and appointed, and their - 7 e k Successors,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

S-iCcessors, respectively, being qualified according to the Directioni of the said recited Act, are hereby empowered to act in execution of the said Act and this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed Trustees in or by virtue of the said iccited Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary, it shall and may be lawful for any Person named and appointed a Trullee in and by this Act, or by the said recited Act, although such Person shall have neglected to act as a Ttuftce for the Space of Two Years fucceiTively, to act as a Trustee under the said recited Act and this Act, during the continuance of the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Informations, Appeals, and other Proceedings whatsoever, to be had, taken, profecuicd, or defended by or against the said Trustees, shall be had, taken, prosecuted, or defended in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk; and that no Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal; or other Proceedings to be had, taken, prosecuted, or defended by 01 ag.iinft the said Trulle'S, or any of them, by virtue of this cr the said recited Acr, Hull abate or be dii’continued by the Death or Removal of a^y tuch Treasurer or CInk, but that the Tre.«surer or Cletk for the Time Kcing to the said Trustees shall always be deemed the Plaintiff, Prosecutor, lv-formanr, Appellant, Defendant, ot Respondent irr any such Action, Suit, Prolecu.ion. Information, Appeal, or other Proceedings, as thr-Cale shall be: Provided always, that all'and ever.y such Treasurer or Clerk in whole Name or Names any such. Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal, or otht r Proceeding, shall be had, taken, prosecuted, or defended in pul-

Tuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid, out of the «VI nies arising by vinue of this or the said recked Act, all fitch Colts, Charges, Damages, ai <1 Expen es, as by the Event or in consequcn e of any fuCu Action, Suir, P ol'ccution. Information, Appeal, or other Proceedings, he or they shall pay, bear, luftain, expend, or be put unto or become changeable with or liable for, or be Lilly entitled to, by reason of his or then being so made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Informant or I..formants. Appellant or Appellants, Respondem or Rclpon-dents, as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That in case any Difpnte, Suit, or Litigation shall arilc, touching cr in any wise relating to the Tolls by this Act granted, or to any other Matter or Thing done in the Execution i f this

or the said recited Act, the Pctfon or P< rfons appointed to collect the said Tolls, or any oilier Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such D.fpute, Suit, or Litigation-, by reason of his, her, or their being so appointed to collect the said Tolls, or acting under the Author ricy of the said Trustees.

VI. And whereas the Tolls granted by the said recited Act are made. quait to th- Purpose of sufficiently amending, improving, and keeping in Repair the fad Roads; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Third Monday next alter the passing of this Act, the Tolls granted by the said recited Act shall be, and the fame-are hereby declared t > he

repealed;

r 347

Trustee* my

fu* and 1> r sued in the Name or the:r Trea-fu-er or Clerk.

Tnf'-B.r Keep r c mpf cut Wlt'JClSiS.

Repealing t imerTollj. ana granting new ones.

3+8

Tollj.

Double Toll cn Sundays.

T oli *H#d in the TiOf-teet

Exemptioni. ft om Toll.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

repealed; and that inflejd thereof, the respective Tolls following shall be demand d and taken by such i’cif n ur Persons as. ihe fa;d Trustees, or any Five or nin e 01 them, shall rrom Time to lime appoint to receive the iau e, bc(o;e any H > lc < r other Cache, Cnach, Waggon, or o.her Carnage shall be permitted co pa s thro gh any Gare or Turnpike errdted or to r.c eteded in j.ur mince of the said leuied Act, or this Act; that is to lay:

For evtry Coach, Beilin, Chariot, Calash Chaise, or Chair, drawn by Six or more Horles rr other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings:

For every Coach, Berlin, Chariot, Calafii, Chaise, or Chair, drawn by Four Horses or other Bealls ot Draoght, ihe Sum ot Two Shillings:

For every Coach, Beilin, Cha'ior, Calash, Chaise, or Chair, diawn by Three or Two Hurhs or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Two or more H rfes, Mares, Geldings Mules, AITes, Oxen, Bullocks, or other.Beads drawing in any Waggon, Wain, Car, Carr, Caravan, or other Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny each:

Fur every Chaise or Chair, Waggon, Wain, Car, Cot, Caravan, or other Ca ri ige drawn by One Hor;e or other Bead of Draught only, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Bullock or Be d, not drawing, the Sum of O e Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove o( Oxrn, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum < f Ten-pence per Score, and so in propnrii n :or any greats r i r Ids N. mber: A'id, For every Drove of Calves, Swine Sheep, or L mbs, the Sum i f 1 ive-penct per Score, and so in properu n for any great > or less Number:

And that on each and every Sunday, duru g the Continual cr ol this Act, it shall and may be lawful to ami for the said Trustees, r any Five or more of them, in cale they shall 'hink it n-redary, to cc and and take, crclufe to be demanded and taken, at the 'I un p kes or Toll Gates now erected or hereafter to be ereSt d in purluanteof the fattl tettted Afl Or this Act, by such Person cr Pc Tons, to be nominated and appointed as afcrefiid, bclorc any Hoise, C attic-, or Carrirg--, lh li be permitted ro pjfs through the lame respectiveb, Double the several lolls hereinbefore dirt fled to be taken on any ether Day of the Week:

Which said respective Tull shall be, and the same are hereby vedtd in the said Trustees, and the fan' an t every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, varied, and disposed of in such and the same Manner, and by such ys and Mean*, and wi:h such Powers, Provisions, Regulations, a d Restrictions, as are contained in tht said recited Act, with respect to the Tolls thereby provided and made payable, but fuljtfl nevertheless to die Clauses, Ahcratons, Amend, ments, and Regulations, in the Bid recited Act contained, with respect to raising and leifaiing the same.

VII. And be it further enacted, That none cr the Tolls granted by this Act dull be demanded or taken at any Gate within any of the Paridies of Places wherein any Part of the said Ko.ds doth lie for any Horse, Cattle, or Bralt, employed only in drawing at y C-rc or Caniate from any one Pan of such Parishes or Places to another, or o her Farts thereoi, laden with any Dung, Soil, or Compod of any Kind, or other Manure for the

tnanurin

349

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground situate within the same, not bought, fold, or disposed of, or carried for the Purpose of being bought, fold, or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof who shall not have bought the fame; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Horse,

Cattle, or Bead, employed in drawing any Cart or Carriage laden with Dung, Soil, or Compost, from any of the Laid Parishes or Places, so as such Horse, Cattle, or Bead, be then returning, and have on the Day preceding been subject to the Payment of the said Tolls; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Parishes or Places in which any Part of such Roads doth lie, or Play, Straw, or Corn in the Scraw, or Potatoe', Turnips, Parsnips, and Carrots, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Carriage, or Horse, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Huf-Oandry, or for any Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands, within any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads are situate; nor for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pafiufe or Watering Places, or going to or returning from being (hoed or ferried , nor (rom any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or ether Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; nor for any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Minilterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Express under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; nor for any Horles, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage, or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Voluntetr Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided by such Corps respectively; at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; nor for any Horles, Carts, or Waggons, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal ! Passes; nor for any Horse, Cattle, or Bealt, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Calalh, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shite to serve in Parliament for the said Counties of Lincoln and Nottingham, or either of them, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons [Lee. & Per.~\ 4 T shall

350

Statute Labour.

48° GEORGIII. III. Cap. 25.

shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of the find Act and this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Paid Roads, or any Part thereof, shall dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore , and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Nottingham, or for the Liberty of Southwell, within the same County, and they are hereby required, and empowered, upon Application made to them by the Laid Trustees or any Five or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Portion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the n-spective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place in lieu of or as a Compofuion for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurtrs v and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices ac I'ome Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute now in force and effect for the Repairs of the Publick High-waos; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days, and at such Time! (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who, by such Lifts, shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition of Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct, and in default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Act authorized or directed to be r co ered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Woik as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to

or

3Si

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 2$-

or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of hi', her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute now in force or efftd for the Repair of the Publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be Lnt with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said T'udees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid as if he had neglected or refuted to come, or such Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of tire said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in T-dfe and impeded Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid, or agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said Act and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee, for and on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whufe Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of Englandxin the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Directions and Approbations of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Interns, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the

Time

A pplicatiop of Compen-fatian if amounting to tool.

352

Application of Compensation if left than tool, ami exceeding aol.

Application where the Money is less than iol.

In caie of not making out Titles.

48° GEORG 11 111. Cap. 25.

1 ime of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking efteft; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Monty shall by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purports aforesaid, the Dividends and Annua) Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entided to Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or urtd, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in cart of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-after directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five of the Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be leis than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Tuftees shall think fit, or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of

j t any

353

4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

iny Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, shall refute to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trusteti, or any Five or more of them; or in cale such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered.thenand in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interfiled in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m"} subject to the Order, Con-troulj and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums or Money, or ar.yParr thereof, by Motionor Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or other-wile as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the publick Funds, and to order D.ftribution thereof, cr Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or C ifhiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the lame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title'of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Title in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament', at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Sacisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made to appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or interest therein.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disabi

\Loc.

ttv or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, en-Per.] 4 U titled

or, if Personj cannot be found. Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank;

Subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

Where any Question Hull ari e touching the Title to Money to be paid, the Persons who shall be in Possession of the hand, etc. at the Time of such Purchasr, shall be deemed entitled thereunto according to such PoflTcffion, umefs, &c-

The Court of Chancery may order le.ldn.

354

ab e Expences of Pnrchafes to be paid by the Trustee;.

K iding on Fo tpaths, e c.

Suffering Pigs to root up the Road.

Drivers of Carriages not keeping on the lefr Side the Roads when meeting other Carnages, etc.

For paying the Expences of this Act.

Limitation of Actions.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

titled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Act and this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament-, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Act and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trust.es out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Act and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall ride upon any Fo >tway adjoining to the said Roads, or shall drive any Horse or other Cattle, or any S'vine, or any Care or other Carriage thereon, or (h ill ciufe any Damage to be done to such Footway; or it any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Roads shall suffer the same to rooc up and damage the lame or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Backings, or Copse, on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, upon the said Roads, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carnage, shall not keep his Carriage on the left or near Side of the said Roads; or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him upon the said Roads, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his Care; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, cr shall set fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, on any Part or Parts of the said Roads; or if any Person shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, longer than may be necessary for loading or unloading the fame in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the said Roads, either with or without any Horse or Bead: of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, every Person so offending shall for every or any such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be defrayed out of the Monies already received, or to arise within or upon Account of the said Roads, and in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action, Suit, Prosecution, Appeal, or other Proceedings, shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, until Twenty-one Days after Notice in Writing (such Notice dating the Grounds of such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Appeal, or other Proceeding) shall have been given by the Person or Persons aggrieved to the Person or Persons against whom such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Appeal, or other Proceeding shall be commenced, and also to the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being.

6 XVIII. And

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

XVIII. And be it farther enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded,

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Residue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the said recited Act, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

355

[Publick Act.]

Commencement and duration of the Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*S*il

Cap. 2 6.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Tadcaster Bridge within the County of the City of York, to a Place called Hobmoor Lane End.

[14th April r 808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act to repair the Road leading from Tadcaster Bridge within 1SG.2.C. 16. the County of the City of Y ork, to a Place near the said City called Hobmoor Lane End: And whereas an Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Eighteenth Tear of King George the Second, to repair the Iioad leading from Tadcaster Bridge within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City called Hobmoor Lane End: And whereas an Act was parted in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term and 32 enlarging the Powers of Two Acts,passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign c- ijj" of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Tad-caster Bridge within the County of the City of York, to a Place near the said City called Hobmoor Lane End: And whereas the Trustees appointed Trullen f hoc. & Per.] 4 X in der the Acts

have pro-

11 G. 3. C.S3.

G.y

35&

cceticd in the Execution thereof, but the Expences have increased, See.

Acts further continued.

Additional Trustees.

Former Tolls repealed, and new ones granted.

Tolls.

4b# GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which Money Itill remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, widened,-improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted and continued by the said Acts is further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls thereby granted and continued should be increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confer.t of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said several recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Orders, Matters and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, or as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and the same are hereby continued in full force, and shall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Efteft at the End of One Calendar Month next after the passing of this Act, and be in Force during the Term hereby continued and granted: And this Act and the additional Term hereby granted shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of or on Account of the said respective Acts; and also of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Acts or of this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That Sir Thomas Vavafsur, Sir Thomas Slingsby, and Sir Henry Carr Ibbetson Baronets, William Milner, Richard Fountayne Wilson, John Barlow, D'Arcy Prcston, John William Clough, James Walker, Thomas Swann, and Robert Swann Esquires, Robert Stephen Thompson Clerk, Thomas Shann, John Fearby, and John Fearby the younger. Gentlemen, shall be and are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees for putting the said Acts and this Act in Execution; and the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed, and their Successors, together with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, shall be and are hereby fully authorized and empowered to put the said Acts and this Act in Execution.

III. And whereas the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts of the Eighteenth Year of His late Majesty, and the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, have been found insufficient; be it therefore enacted, That the fame shall, at the End of One Calendar Month next after the passing of this Act, be and the same are hereby repealed, and that instead thereof the several Tolls following shall or may be demanded and taken upon the said Road; (that is to say),

For every Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Cala(h, Chaise, Chair, Hearse, Phaeton, Vis-a-vis, Diligence, Caravan or Litter, drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and

drawn

48° G E ORGII III. Cap. 26. J5.9

drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence; and drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Four-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Chaise or Chair drawn by One Horse or other Bead of , Draught, the Sum of Sixpence: r,

'*"*' For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence; and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by Thr?e Elorles or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence; and drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which said respective Tolls shall be and the same are hereby veded in the said Trustees; and the fame and every Part thereof shall or may be demanded, levied, recovered, applied, and disposed of in the same Manner, and to and for the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as in and by the said Aids is mentioned and declared with respect to the Tolls thereby granted: a Lighter to Provided always, that in computing the Tolls to be paid as aforesaid for pay as a Cart any Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage having a Cart, commonly called with Two a Lighter, behind the fame, drawn along by being fattened thereto, which 1 01 es’ shall pass through any Gate or Toll Bar now or hereafter to be erected on the said Road, the said Cart or Lighter shall be charged separately and in addition to the said Waggon, Wain, or other Carriage, and shall be considered equal to and pay such and the same Sum of Money by Way of Toll as shall be due and payable at such Gate or Toll Bar for a Cart or other such Carriage drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught.

Not more

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That not than Three-

more than Three-fourth Parts of the Tolls herein-before granted shall be of

demanded or taken at the present Turnpike Gate upon the said Road near b° t3a|.eu to the Town of Tadcaster. ‘ at the present

Bar.

V. And be it further enacted, That if the full Tolls herein-before autho- if tjle

rized to be taken at the said Gale near Tadcaster shall at any Time be taken at the deemed in the Judgement of the said Trustees to be insufficient for the present Gate Purposes of this Act, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for them the m‘

said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered at any Tndees’may Meeting of Nine, or more of them, to be held for that Purpose (of which erect another Meeting Ten Days previous Notice at lead diall be given in some One or Gate-more Newspaper or Newspapers printed in the City of York), to order

and direct an additional Gate or Toll Bar to be built and erected upon or across the said Road in such Part thereof as they shall think most expedient, and also a Toll House with suitabie Outbuildings and Conveniences

11 at

Not more than One-fourth of the Tolls to be taken at the new Gate. Clause in the Act of 18 G. 2. providing that there shall be no Turnpike Gste within Th-ee Miles of York, repealed.

Manner of Recovery of Tolls.

Two Trustees may ad journ a Meeting.

The Clerk to the Trustees may sign the Orders of Adjournment.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 2b.

at or near the said Gate or Toll Bar: Provided nevertheless, that not more than the remaining Fourth Part of the full Tolls herein-before granted shall be demanded or taken at such Turnpike Gate or Bar so to be eroded.

VI. And whereas in and by the said Act of the Eighteenth Year of Iiia said late Majesty's Reigrt, it is enacted and provided, that no Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, and 'l oll House or Tell Houses be placed nearer to the City of Turk than Three Miles: And whereas such Restriction hath been found detrimental to the said Road; be it therefore further enacted, That the same shall immediately, on the passing of this Act, be and is hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or oDany additional Tolls for narrow Wheels, or for Overweight (respectively imposed by this Act, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament concerning Turnpike Roads), shall, after Demand thereof made either at the Gate where such Toll shall be ccd-leded, or immediately after passing through the fame, neglect or refuse to pay the lame and every or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Barkeeper or Collector, or his, her, or their Assistance or Assistants, to collect such Tolls by himself, herself, or themselves, or taking such Assistance as he, she, or they shall find necessary, and also, if necessary, to follow after and Hop and detain the Horse, Carriage, or Cattle for which the said Toll shall not have been paid, and to feme and distrain any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, together with their Bridles, Saddles, Gears, Harness, or Accoutrements, or a sufficient Part thereof; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress shall not be paid within Four Days after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so seizing and distraining shall and may fell the Horse or Horses, Cattle, Carriage, or other Things so seized and distrained, or a sufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus of the Money ^if any be) upon Demand, and what shall remain unfold, to the Owner thereof, after such Toils and the reasonable Charges occasioned by such Seizure, Distress, and Sale, shall be deducted; and in case the Driver of or Attendant upon any Carriage liable to be weighed shall pass any such Toll Bar or Gate, and the Engine erected thereat, before such Carriage shall have been weighed, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Barkeeper or Collector, or his or their Assistance or Assistants (having previously required the same to be weighed, and being prepared to weigh the fame), taking such Assistance as he, she, or they shall find necessary, to follow after and flop such Carriage, and to drive and take the fame back to such Weighing Engine, and there to weigh the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That *Two Trustees shall be a sufficient Number for the Purpose only of adjourning any Meeting; and that all Orders for Adjournment only may be signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees at any Meeting of Two or more of the said Trustees, and when so signed shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders, in like Manner as if the fame were under the Hands of the said Trustees.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 26. 361

IX. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that there shall Power to the hot appear at any Meeting of the said Trustees, to be held under or by ClcrItw ad‘ virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, a sufficient Number of 1 'e Trustees to act or to adjourn, or in case the Trustees at any Time act’em-

bled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, it shall be lawful for the Clerk to the said Trustees to adjourn such respective Meetings; and he is hereby required, by Notice to be inserted in some One or more Newspaper or Newspapers printed in the City of York, or to be affixed on every Turnpike or Toll Gate which shall be then erected on the said Road, at least Ten Days before the next Meeting, to appoint the said Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meeting of the said Trustees was appointed to have been held, at any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month from the Day on which such last Meeting was appointed to have been held, and at the fame Hour of the Day as was appointed for such last Meeting.

X. And be it further enacted, That if, after any Adjournment of the Power to

said Trustees or of their Clerk, it shall at any Time be thought necessary that 0,ljmT;°)n an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by

such Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk to the said Trustees, upon an when neces-Order in Writing signed by Five or more of the acting Trustees, although fary.

not assembled at a Meeting, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in some One or more Newspaper or Newspapers printed in the City of York, or by Writing to be affixed on every Turnpike or Toll Gate which shall be then erected on the said Road, such Notice to set forth the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (the Time not to be less than Seven Days after such Notice), and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at all such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meeting had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

XI. And whereas the Clauses or Provisions contained in the said Act c/ Present Ex-the Eighteenth Year of His late Majesty's Reign, for exempting several emptions re-Persons and Things from the Payment of the Tolls or Duties by the said Pcaled*

Act granted, have been found to be not sufficiently explicit, and therefore

liable to Misconltruftion; be it therefore further enacted, That the federal Exemptions in the said Act; contained shall be and they are hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken New Ex-for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carry- emptions‘ ing or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning after having been carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Quantity of Stone, Brick,

Timber, Wood, Lime, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or building or repairing any of the publick Bridges on the fame, or for amending any of the Highways or publick Bridges in the Panfnes or Townships through which any Part of the said Road doth pal's, or in the Parishes or Townships immediately adjoining upon and contiguous to such first-mentioned Parishes or Townships, or any of them; or going or returning for or with any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw-only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up in the Outhouses or cm the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts,

Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty [Lee. O’ Per.] 4 T to

362

48° GEORGII' III. Cap. 26.

to carry or convey, or returning after having been carrying or conveying* having been employed only in carrying and conveying on the same Day, any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Lime, Sullage, Compost, or Manures employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands; or for any Plorfes or Cattle going to or returning from Pallure or Watering Places, or-going to or returning after having been shoed or farried; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or any Day of publick Falling or Thanksgiving appointed by Royal Proclamation; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or for any Clergyman going to or returning from vifuing any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty; or for any Horles, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Pollmaller General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them laden with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place of Exercise or of permanent Duty, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemptions aforesaid; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, employed In the conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Passes; or for any Horse, or any Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, respectively employed in the conveyance of any Person or Persons who shall be going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said County of York, or a Citizen or Citizens to serve in Parliament for the said City of York, on the Day or Days of Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, or any other Exemptions from Toll granted by this Act, not being entitled to the fame, or shall make use of any Fraud whatsoever, whereby the Payment of such Tolls or any Part thereof shall be evaded, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings over and above such Toll.

Wa ona

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be &c!Scar’ing demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses Materials for employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or rerepairing turning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only "in carry-m1u« exem it "'g or conveying on the same Day any Quantity of Stone, Brick, Timber, from'To1' Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing certain Mills called the Tad-, n, tion casler Mills, or the Dams or Weirs thereto belonging; nor for any-Horse, of*Corn!°&:c. Beast of Burthen, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage laden with or em-grouml at the ployed in carrying Com or Grift to dr from the said Mills, or any other MilK Mill now t ree ted or hereaftur ,to:bd erected in’ the Parishes or To'wnships

through which any Part of the said Road doth pals, or in any Parish or Township immediately adjoining ttybn and Uihtigmoiis to the fihne,'oFariy'

of

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 26. 363

of them; Provided always, that the fame Exemption from Tolls shall not extend to any other Cattle or Carriages than those laden with or employed in carrying Corn or Grift, for the Grinding whereof Hire or Moulter shall be taken at the said Mills respectively.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That Ncttopreju-nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to, the Ear' prejudice, defeat, or interrupt tire Right or Claim of the Right Honourable mont^sToll. George Earl of Egremont, to any Toll or Duty paid or payable for or on Account of the passing of Carts and Waggons over and along the Common

or Moor called Tadcaster Low Moor, but that the same shall and may be received and taken in such Manner and for such Purposes as before the passing of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all such Trustees as are Justices of Trustees, be.

the Peace may act as Justices in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding Justices ine their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be of the Peace, personally interested. as

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Mortgagee or Assignee of any Mortgagees Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of not deemed any of the Tolls granted by the said former Acts or this Act, or receiving unqualified. Interest thereout for the fame, shall on that Account be deemed unqualified

to act as a Trustee in the Execution of the said recited Acts or this Act.

XVn. And be it further enacted, That in case any Difpnte, Suit, or Toll Collcc-Litigation shall arise touching or in any wise relating to the said Tolls, the tors compe-Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or ^esWlt" Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Truiieut, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XVIII. And whereas great Injury may be done to the said Road by Penalty on Farmers or Renters of the Tolls inducing Persons to travel on the said Renters of Road, who would otherwise have made use of other Roads, by receiving ^m^oundint from such PeTons a final! and inadequate Composition for the Tolls of for Over" Carriages liable to be weighed in respect of the Tolls for Over-weights; weight, be it further enacted, That if any Fanner or Farmers, or Renter or Renters of the Tolls of any Turnpike Gate now credted or hereafter to be erected upon the said Road, his or their Deputy or Deputies, Agent or Agents, shall make any Composition by the Year or otherwise with the Inhabitants of any Town or Place, or with any other Person or Persons, for or in lieu of the Tolls of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage liable to be weighed at the Engine or Engines erected or to be erected upon the said Road, for and in respect of the Over-weight thereof, every such Farmer or Renter, Deputy or Agent so offending, shall on Conviction thereof, by Confession or upon the Oath of One Witness, before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of York, or for the City of York and County of the fame, forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every such Farmer or Renter shall also forfeit his or their Contract for renting the Tolls, if the Trustees shall think fit to vacate the fame, and every such Composition shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be null and void; and that One Half of every such

Penalty

3&4

For preventing Annoyance*.

Finally for riding on Footpaths.

Prrf.ina refiling to pay Penalties, or faring no

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Penalty or Forfeiture as aforesaid shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Surveyor of the said Road, to be employed towards the Repair thereof; the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons lo convicted, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice or Justices as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, without sufficient Caui'e, leave any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, longer than may be necessary, in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of the said Road, without ar.y Horse or other Beast: of Draught yoked thereto, or to draw the fame; or shall knowingly or wilfully lay any Sort of Timber, or any Stones, Hav, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or orher Matter or Thing whatsoever. in any Part of the said Road, or on the Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall draw or cause to be drawn upon any Part of the said Road any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone, otherwise than upon Wheeled Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon any Wheeled Carriage to drag or trail upon any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if auy Person or Persons shall (laughter, singe, feald, or dress any Bead, SvVine, Calf, Sheep, Lamb, or other Cattle, in or upon any Part of the said Road; or hew or saw auy Piece of Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bind, make, or repair the Wheel of any Carriage; or (except in Cafes of Accidents) shoe, bleed, or fairy any Horse or other Beast in or upon any Part of the said Road; every Person so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding live Pounds, to be recovered and applied in such Manner as is herein-before directed as to the Penalty' upon Collectors of Tolls, or their Deputies or Agents compounding for the same.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter travel on Horseback or in Carriages, or lead or drive any Horse, Carriage, or Cattle upon any Foot Road or Way-now made or hereafter to be made on the Side of the said Turnpike Road for the Accommodation of Foot Passengers going to and from the said City of York (except only in eroding such Foot Road or Way to the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons adjoining the reto), and shall be convicted thereof by his, her, or their own C.onfeflion, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of York, or for the ( ity of York and County of the fame City, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay such Sum of Money as such Justice or Justices of the Peace Hull adjudge, not exceeding Forty Shillings; the same to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of fuih Justice or Justices as aforesaid; such Forfeitures to be applied in recotnpenfing the Informer, according to the Discretion of such Justice or Justices, and in repairing such Foot Road or Way; and if there shall be any Overplus of such Forfeitures, the same shall be laid out in repairing any Part or Parts of the said Turnpike Road. 1

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Penalties or Forfeitures, or any other Penalties or Forfeitures hereby inflicted or authorized to b« imposed, shall not be forthwith paid, and in case the Person or Person*

48° GEORG 11 lit. Cap. 26,

Persons respectively offending and convicted shall have no Goods or Chattels within the Jurisdiction of the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Conviction shall take place, then it shall and may be lawful for any One or more of such Justices as aforesaid, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County of York, or of the City of Turk, as the Case may be, for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, unless such Penalty or Forfeiture and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That upon any further Sum of Money being borrowed by the said Trustees, at Interest on the Credit of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall and may be alligned or mortgaged by the said Trustees (or any Nine or more of thern) to the Person or Persons who shall advance such further Sum or Sums of Money, by any Writing under their Hands in the following Words, or any other Words to the like Eft eft; (that is to say),

T>Y virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign

‘ -*- of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here ‘ set forth the Title of this Act] we of the Trustees for executing

‘ the said Act and the several Acts therein mentioned, in Consideration of ‘ the Sum of to the Treasurer of the said Road in

Hand paid by A.B. of do hereby grant,

bargain, fell, and demise unto the said A.B. his Executors, Admini-‘ strators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising upon the said ‘ Road, and of the Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame,

as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole

‘ Sum due and owing on the Credit thereof, or charged upon the Term ‘ of the said Act, to be had and holden from this Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

« for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the same Sum of with Interest at the Rate of

« per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied.’

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be possessed of any Mortgage made by virtue of this Act or of the said former Acts, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby respectively secured, may from Time to Time, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit in and to the said Mortgage, and the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by indorsement or otherwise, in the following Words, or Words to the like Efteft; (that is to say),

‘ T Do transfer this Mortgage [or, a certain Mortgage, describing the Date

-* and Particulars], with all my Right and Title to the Principal thereby

‘ secured, and all the Interest now due and hereafter to grow due on the fame, unto C.D. of his Executors, Administrators,

‘ and Assigns. Dated this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

‘ Witness, E. F.’ ‘ A. B.'

£Lec. & Per.]

d. Z

Which

3^5

Goods whenever to levy, the same to be committed to prison.

Form of a

Security for Money borrowed.

Form of Security.

Mortgage* to be entered iu Books.

Transfer.

366

Old Mortgage* may be called in, and new ones granted.

Persons liable to Statute Work chargeable with Repairs of the Road.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

"Which said Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before-mentioned Book or Books, containing the Numbers, Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein transferred; for which the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid such Sum as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Five Shillings and every such Transfer so registered as aforesaid shall then entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons, except the Person to whom the same shall be last transferred, to make void, release, or discharge the original Security, or any Money thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer shall be made as aforesaid shall, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums thereby secured, be Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted, and on the said Turnpikes and Toll Houses, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing their Money, or the Dates of the Securities.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, shall and may, if thereunto required, receive in and cancel all or any of the Mortgages now Handing out, that were made by virtue of the said recited Acts or any of therh, and give and execute another Mortgage or other Mortgages, inllead and in lieu thereof respectively, in Manner as herein-before directed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall llill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County or Place in which the said Road shall be situate, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said ‘1 rultees, 01 any rive or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statuie Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township, or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, Hull be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees, or to their 1 reasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish, Township, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, w’hether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the reflective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and

Reltriclions

367

48° GEORGII III. Cap;26.

Restri£t!o«s as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvell), and in such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Act or this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in fall'e and imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatiok, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Acts or any or either of them is particularly men'ioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees

executing this said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money

shall

A pplieation of Con: pt'nfa-tion where exceeding

aool.

368

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, of affecting other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application where Compensation is lets than lool. and exceed* no I.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Applieition

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money

Moiie lefi agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be leis

369

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufa and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled tp fuel} Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \describing the m~\, subjeef to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and Is hereby empowered in a fnmmary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the said Court shall feern meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum of Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Poflfeflion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or

[Lot. & Per.'] 5 A Herditaments,

In case of rtqt making out Titles;

Upon any Question of Title to the Money so to be paid, Persons then in Possession to be deemed entitled thereto.

370

The Court of Clwncery may order reasonable Expences of JPurchafes to be paid by the Trustees.

Application

oi the iVjO-ney.

[Publick Act.]

Commencement and Continuance of this Act

4§* GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancety; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and dtl’posed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money already raised upon the Credit of the said recited Acts, or out of the first Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall in the first Place, and in preference to all other Payments whatsoever, pay and discharge all the Expences and Colts relative to procuring and passing this Act, together with Interest for the lame, from the passing of this Act to the Day of Payment thereof; and the Remainder of the Money so raised shall from Time to Time be applied in putting this and the said recitetj Acts in Execution, and in repaying the principal Monies borrowed and to be borrowed by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, and the Interest due and to grow due thereupon respectively.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall at the End of One Calendar Month next after the passing of this Act cease and determine; and that the said Acts and this Act (subject to the Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein-before contained) shall from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

s*

Cap. 27.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from

Beverley by Molescroft to Kendell House, and from Molescroft to Bainton Balky in the County of York.

[f^th April 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign

of His present Majrfiy, intituled, An Act for repairing and 6G.j. widening the Road from Beverley ly Molelcroft to Kendell House, and from Molescroft to Bainton Balk, in the County of York:

And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Beverley by Molescroft to Kendell House, and from Molescroft to Bainton Balk, in the County of York:

And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the fame in execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted and continued by the said Acts, which Money (till remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the Roads compiized in the said {Lee. Es* Per.'] 5 B Acts

I

c. Si.

374 4-81' GEORGII III. Cap. 27;

A£h be properly amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted and continued by the said lAfls is further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged; and it is necessary tint the Tolls granted by the said fine recited Act should be increased , m iy it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it tnadhd by the King’s most Excellent IVkjtfty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Paihament assembled, and by stir'her*eonti Authority of the same, That the said Acts, passed in the Sixth and nued Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of His laid prel'enc Majesty, and all

and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein respefbvely contained (except such as telateto Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also except so mu h and such Part or Parts thereof as are by this Act varied, aliered, or repealed) shall be and are hereby further continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of amending, widening, turning, altering, and keeping in Rrpair the several Roads comprized in the said Acts, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and rc-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commerce and take cffefl from the patting of this A.fb, and this Act, and the additional Term and Toils hereby granted, Hull be subject and liable as well to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said Acts, or on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted and continued, and now payable at the several Gates or Turnpikes now erected or hereafter to be erected on the said Roads, as also to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall hereafter be borrowed for the Purposes of this Act, and of the Interest due aid to grow due for the fame respectively.

Additional

II. And be it further enacted, That the Honou1 able William Stourton, Trustees. §jr Mark fylafteman Sykes, Sir Charles Hot haw. Sir Francis Boynton, Sir Francis IVo'd Sir Henty Vavafour, Baronets, Sir George IVeod Knight, Richard Arkwright, Peter Acklom, John Bell Doctor in Divinity, Matk Bill, John Bell, Francis BeJ Clerk, Charles John Berkeley Doctor of Pi 1 yfie, Thomas Bowman Clerk, Cornelius Bowman, Robert Bowman, Richard Bethell, Christopher Beihell Clerk, James Bethel!, George BethelI Cl rk. Ifa c Broadley, Barnard Fcord B wes, Betj min Bleydes, Robert Christie Bwt n, William Beverley, William Buttle, William Byass, Leonard Belt, Robert Baiker Clerk, Rewi nd Crtxtcn Clerk, Jcfeth Coitman Chile, Peter Cotes, Francis Constable, Francis Drake Clerk, Robert Der.ison, Robert Deaf on th- younger, Jjhn Der.ifn, Peter Denton, Robert Dobfcti Clerk, Henry EHifon, Ruhatd El'lijon, Andrew Eubank Clerk, George Etheringtun, John Elicrington, Robert Elis, John Fleming, Timothy Fyjhe Foord, David Bunon Fowler, John Iox the younger, Clerk, John Gdby Clerk, Henry Gill, William GomarJjaH, Samuel Hall, John Hall, George Hotbam, Thome’s Hud Doctor of Physic, James Hartley Clerk, Charles Grimfion, (fwaid Grimjlcn, Hemy Ejtuzide Grimjas;, John Gray, Simon Horn r. John Hart, Will.am Norland, Beaumont Plrttam, Peter Jackson, John J ckfon, Clerk, George Knowslcy, Jaemy Lster, Richard Savage Lloyd, 7t emas Lecfon, Teavil Leefcn, DigbyLegard, TbmasLce, Robert Ler^hton, Francis Lundy i he younger, Clerk, John Lockivcod, Christopher M*c» bell, Marmaduke Constable Maxwell, Joftah Prickelt, Robert Raikes, William

Richardson,

375

4-8° GEOK G11 III. Cap. 27.

Richard fen, Robert Rigby Clerk, C'brist o'er Sykes Clerk, Fatten Sykes,

Nicholas Sykes, Daniel Sykes, George Sampson, ‘John Singleton, Lawrence Siephenfon, Nicholas Terre Clerk, James Torre the younger, Henry Meilie, Mervin Vavafour, John Watts Clerk, Richard Watt, anti Francis Watt, bring qualifies! according to the Directions of the said first recited Act, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for executing this Act; and they together with the Trustees appointed in or elcfted by virtue of the said recited Acts, shall be and are hereby declared Trustees for putting the fame and this Act into Execution.

III. And whereajby the said Acts no Toll can be demanded and taken Granting

for any Coach, Chariot, Calafli, Chail'e, Chair, or other such Carriage ^e^oI[^n drawn by Three Horl’es; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the Carriage* passing of this Act, there shall be demanded and taken, before any Coach, f

Chariot, Calash, Chail'e, Chair, or other such Carriage shall be permitted to pass through any Gate or Turnpike now erected or hereafter

to be erected on the said Road or any Part thereof, such l olls as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall from Time to Time appoint, not exceeding the Sums herein-after mentioned; (that is to say).

For every Four wheeled Coach, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise, Chair, or other Toll.

such Carriage, drawn by Three Horses, the Sum of One Shilling.

Which said Toll hereby granted shall be and the fame is hereby veiled in Toll veiled i* the said Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, and the fame Trustees. and every Part thereof shall be collected, levied, recovered, paid, applied, assigned, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Powers, P/ovilions, Remedies, and Restrictions, as are coritained in the said recited Acts or either of them respecting the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken.

IV. And be it therefore enacted, That the said Trustees or any Nine or p°werto re-more of them, at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose may, and andraifcthem they are hereby authorized and empowered to leftcn or reduce the Toll again if necef-hereby granted, and to order such Toll so lrffened or reduced to be col- fer}r‘ lested and received in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions as they shall think fir, so that such Reduction be no Prejudice to and be with the Consent of Five-sixth Parts in Value of the several Persons who shall have advanced any Money on the Credit of the said Tolls at the Time of making such Reduction; and the said Trustees or any Nine or more of them may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raise the said Toll again or any Part thereof, so that the lame do not exceed the Toll herein-before granted; and such Toll so reduced and raised again shall be collected, levied, recovered, paid, and applied in such and the same Manner as the Tolls by the said Acts granted and continued arc direct-eu to becollected, levied, tecovered, paid, and applied.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may Tower to con-and they are hereby authorized and empowered to continue all or any of the Gates or Turnpikes now erected in, upon, or across, or by the Sides of erect \dd'u the said Reads, and to cause to be erected and set up such Number Hon*1 Gate*, of other Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, across, or by the Sides of the said

Roads included in the said recited Acts and this Act, or any or either of

them,

37^ 4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

them, or in, upon, or across any Lane or Way leading into, out i f, or hear to the fame, and all such Number of Toll Huufcs, with 'uitabie Ccliveniencies thereto, and to inrlole such Gardens for the said Toll Houses, as they may think fit, and to ered such weighing Engines upon the Lid Hoads, as they shall think necessary; and from Time to Time to cause any of such Gates, T urnp.kes, Toll Houses, Buildings, and weighing Engines to be taken down, altered, or removed, as they shall judge proper, and to defray all the Expences thereof by and out of the Monies which lhaO come to the Hands of the said Trustees by virtue of the said recited Acts and of this Act.

Trustees not VI: And be it further enacted, That no Trustte shall act in the Appoint-to act in the ment of any CErk, Surveyor, Colkdlor, Treasurer, or other Officer, for 6fPOH!cer7nt the Purposes of this or the said recited Acts, unless he shall have attended who have not some Meeting of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act, and shall Meeting ^ave tlle Proceedings thereof within the Space of 1 wo Y>a s next

b before such Appointment shall from Time to Time be made, any Thing

in the said recited Acts or this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Trustee; rhay VII: And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, fuedhfthe Informations, Appeals, and other Proceedings whatsoever to be had.

Name of their taken, prosecuted, or defended by or against the said Trustees, shall be

Treasurer or had, taken, prosecuted, or defended in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk-, and that no Act on, Suit, Proceeding, Information. Appeal, or other Proceeding to be had, taken, prosecuted, cr defended by or against the said Trullees or any of them, by virtue of this or the said recited Acts or any of them, shall abate or be discor.tinued by the Death or Removal of any such Treasurer or Clerk; but that the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being to the said Trullees shall always be deemed the Plaintiff, Prosecutor, Informant, Appcllanr, Defendant, or Respondent in any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal, or other Proceeding as the Case shall be: Provided always, That all and every such Treasurer cr Clerk in whole Name or Names any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceeding shall be had, taken, prosecuted, or defended in putfoance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies arising by virtue of this or the said recited Adla, all furh Colts, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in conUquence of any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal, or other Proceedings, he or they shall pay, bear, fultain, expend or be put unto, or become chargeable with or liable for or be fairly entitled to by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Informant or Informants, Appellanc or Appellants, Respondent or Respondents as aforesaid.

Vlil. And be it further enacted, That in cate any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arile touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls or to any other Matter or Thing done in the Execution of this or the said recited Acts, the Person or Persons appointed to collcdl the said Tolls, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being so appointed to collect the said Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

Toll Bar Keepers competent Wlt-nesses-

4

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 27. 377

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this 5e,’nr;i'ion3 Act, all the Exemptions granted and continued by the Lid recited Acts *einp ‘ " shall cease and determine, and that no Toll shall be demanded tr taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriage', or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having betn employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townfl.ips or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the OuLhouses, or on ti e Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Waits, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying cr conveying, or g ong empty to carry or convey, or Returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Rape, Dull, Soor, Comport, or Manure employed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Hoifes or Cattle going to or returning from Parture cr Watering Pkces, or going to be or returning from being Ihoed or far-ried } or from any Perl’on going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place i f religious Wortbip, tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buiied in any of the Parishes in which the said Roads lie, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon ether his Parochial or Minilterial Duty, on a Sunday, cr on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carnages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Port Master General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them ladtn with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Hoifc, Mare, or Gelding fu niflted by or for any Perfors belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning f om the Place of Exercisr, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their repeftive Corps, and have their Arms, Furnituie, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time or claiming such Exemp nn as aforesaid; or for any Hoif s. Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Palles; or for any Horle, Cattle, or Beast drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot,

Calash, Chair, or Paflfcnger on Horleback going to or returning from any Eltftion of a Knight or Knights of the Shite to serve in Parliament for the said County of York, or of a Burgtfs or Burgesses to lerve in Parliament for the Borccghof Btvirley, on the Day or Days of such Eltftion, cr on the Day before or Day after such Eltftion shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or colluftve Mannerwhaift'everclaim and takethe Benefit of any of the Exmptionsafore-said, not beingentitlrd to the fame, every such Petfofi shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence ary Sum not exceed>ng Forty Shillings, One \Lcc. Per-2 5 C Mo ety

378

Statute Labour.

48° GEORGII ni. Cap. 27.

Moiety whereof shall go to the Inform-r, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act.

X. And be it Further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing or amending the Roads comprized in the said Acts or any Part thereof, shall (till remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or mote Justices of the Peace for the Town and Liberties of Beverley aforesaid, or for the East Riding of the County of Tor k resptdlively, (the said respective Justices aiding only with-in their separate Jurisdictions) and they ate hereby requited and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place in lieu of or as a Compositiun for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to iummon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and in such Paits of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also Older and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at loch Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the resptdlive Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Acts authorized or dirtdled to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refule to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, afterNotice in Writing given to or left for him, her, cr them, at his, her, or their lad or usual Place or Places of Abode for thac Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his,

her,

379

4-8d GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

her, 6r their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers,

Team or Team'-, Draught or Draughts, Horse or IlorfcS, Bead or Beasts to be provided by him, her, cr them, be subject and liable to such Pains,

Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject and liable to by any Law or Statute in force or tffeft for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall befenc with any Team or Draught to wotk on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Pavmt nts as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Part of the said Roids; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, ard applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Piacec, shall rrfufe or wilfully neglect to give in such L'lts as afo^era'id, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false and impelled Lifts, every such Snfveyor I'o offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Money Hull be paid oragreeu Application Or awarded to be paid lor the Purchase of any Land', Tenements, or Harrditaments, purch fed, taken, or used by virtue of ihe Powers of the cecjin/xool. L x A ds and ih s Ad, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any B. dy Politick, Corpura e or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust,

Execut'd!-; Adiiiinistrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trust.-e fc- 'and on Behalf of any 'Infanr, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert,

‘or uth’d Ccftuique T uft, pr to any Persons whole Lands, Tenements, or Tfefeditaniciits are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Person under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in cate the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds,

With all donvenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex paiti the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signtfied by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or fucti other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affedwg the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Land', Tenements, or Hereditaments {landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon Tech and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be cxifling, undetermined, and capable of taking Effe£l;

and

.3®° 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in case such Putchafe or S.ttlemenc were made.

AppHcatioiy

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money, tion inef" 1 f° agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Here-than »ool. ditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purports aforesaid, and "j| eXce'ding belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exreed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Carts the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons, for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken,or used,or of his, htr, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, IJiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of £»j>7a»i,iniheName and with the Privity of the Lid Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereimbefjre directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five of the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in o der that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining, or bting required to obtain, the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application

XIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money, so UoififTtfs"1* agTeccl or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than

thaa »oi. Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales, the same shall be applied to

the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and 1'iofits of the Lards, Tenement', cr Heiediiannms so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes or the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall ihink fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money flidl be paid to his, hrr, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of not

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons making out to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the lJu>-

llt,es’ chafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refute to accept the fame, or fna.'l not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the

Satisfaction

3»i

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

Satisfaction of th said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; or in calc such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be lb awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons enorled to such Lands, Tenement', or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case, it shal) and miy be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or S"tns of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Piivityof the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the C edit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, \_defcr\bing the m] subjrft to the Order, Controsl, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to lech Sum or Sums of Money, or any Parc thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereoy empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the lame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Funds, and to order D ftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according co the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable j and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Su,m or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipt for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be pan) into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Pr.vity of the Accoumaut General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament', or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchaku in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Pci Ions who shall have been in the Possession of such Lands, Tenements, 01 Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be fh*wn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unicls it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Puffrffion, and that fume other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate and Interest therein.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation e titled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under

[Loe. & Per.'] 5 D the

Where any Questiou shall arise as to tb* Title, the Person in Poffetlion shall be deemed entitled to the pm chafe Money.

The Court of Chaeery may-order reasonable Expence* of Purchases to be paid.

jC2 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to he applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fr ttled to the like U(Vs in pursuance of the said recired Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Court of Chancery to order the Expenecs of all Pureh-Ues from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts, and this Act, or so much of such Expei'ces as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustets, or any I-'ive or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Tunc pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

theVx1 ences 3CVJI. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences of this Act. incident to and attending the obtaining and passing cf this Act, shall be defrayed out of the Monies already received, or the Fiift Monies which shall arise or be received by virtue of the said Acts or of this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever; and that after Payment thereof the Tolls authorized to be collected by the said recited Acts and this Act shall during the Continuance of the Term hereby granted be and remain subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, and which shall cr may hereafter be burrowed and become due on the Credit of the said Tolls, and of all Interest due and to grow due respectively.

publick Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and

taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Commerce

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and con-ment ami tinued by the said recited Acts shall upon the passing of this Act of°ActUanCe cea^c an^ dettrnfine, and that the said Acts (subject to the Alterations and Additions herein-before contained) and this Act, shall from thence-fonh continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 28.

An Act for continuing the Term and altering the Powers of several Acts, for repairing the Road from Carlisle to Penriths and from Penrith to Eamont Bridge, in the County of Cumberland.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for repairing the Roads from the City of Carlisle to isG. 3. c. 40. the ’Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town ^Penrith to Eamont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumbeiland and Westmorland: And whereas another Act was made in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing *9 G. 3-c 9? the Term and altering the Powers of an Atl made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the City of Carlisle to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the said Town of Penrith to Eamont Bridge, which divides the Counti.s of Cumberland and Westmorland: And whereas another Act was made in the Thirty-eighth Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for 33 g. 3. c isj continuing for Twenty-one Tears,0 and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Term. and altering and enlarging the Powers of the Two Acts made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Nineteenth l'ear of His present Majesty, for repairing the [Lee. (ft Per. J 5 E Road

3S6

Tei m of former Acts

Continued-

Additional Trustees.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

Road from the City of Carl: Qe to the Town of Penrith, in the County of Cumberland, and from the J,aid Town of Penrith, to Eamont Bridge, which divides the Counties of Cumberland and Westmorland: And whereas the Trustees for the Care of the said Roads have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which still remain due and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged; may it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and thtf several Clauses, Tolls, Powers, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things, therein contained, and which are now in force (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and alfu such as are hereby varied or altered) and also this present Act, shall be and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, and shall have Continuance for and during the further Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein particularly inserted, repeated, and re-enacted, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained; and that this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, or which shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Acts and this present Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That John Armstrong Clerk, Matthew

Atkinson, John Beck, Joseph Bell, William Birbeck of Penrith, Robert Bird, Edmond Blair, William Bleaymirc, Thomas Dobson Bleaymire, George B/eay-mire, Thomas Bonsfidd, John Bowman, Thomas Brougham, James Brougham, Robert Carmalt, Joj'epb Cooper, George Dixon of Calthwaite, George Dixon of Humphrey Clcfe, Joseph Dykes, Balantine Dykes, Richard Ellwood, Jonathan Fallcwfield, James Graham of Edmond Castle, Thomas Graham and William Graham also cf Edmond Castle, James Graham of Barrack Lodge, Samuel Hall, John Lawrence Iiarrifon, Thomas Harrison, Anthony Harrison, John Hindson, John Hodgson, Thomas Hutton, John Jameson, Richard Jameson junior, Solomon Lewthwaite Clerk, Richard Lowrey, John Martin-dale, Joseph Martindale, George Martindole, Chdjtopher Marie /, John Marvell, Robert Mounfey, George Stephenson Mcurrfey, Thomas Murthwaite, Humphrey Nelson, Henry Oliphant, John Powley, Anthony Pr ston, Thomas Ramjhay, John Rebanks, George Remington, Jackson Roper, James Sal nond, James Clarke Salter thwaite, Thomas Scott, Wilt am Sijjon, Leonard Smith, John Stagg, Joseph S udholme, William Thompson, Edmond Wallis Clerk, Roger Walmesley, John Wells, John Wells junior, John Wordsworth, and Richard Wordsworth (being qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Acts) shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees, and shall be added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance tf he said recited Acts fo" putting the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been originally appointed Trustees in and by the said recited Acts, or any of them.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required to cause to be built and erected Four Toll Houses, and like-wife Four Turnpike or Toll Gates, upon and across the said Road, One of such Toll Houses and Toll Gates IhaM be erected at the Foot of Bot-ckergate* another about the Center of the Road at such Place as the Majority of the Trustees, who shall be present at a publick Meeting to be held for that Purpose at llejlittt, (in pursuance of a Notice to be affixed upon the Turnpike or Toll Gates which shall be then (landing upon the said Road, and be advertised in some Newspaper, printed and published at Carhjle or Whitebavnat lead Twenty-one Days before such Meeting) shall think fit; another Toll House and Turnpike or Toll Gate at Penrith Town Head; and another at any Place between Eamont Bridge aforesaid and the Road leading to the Village of Carlelan.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the building the fi,id Toll Houses and Toll Gates, the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts p fled in the Twenty-sixth Ye.tr of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Nineteenth and Thirty-eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the building and erecting the said Four Toll Houses and Toll Gates, it shall and may be law'ul to and for the said Trustees and their Successors, or any Seven or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they or any Seven or more of them shall authorize and appoint, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to demand and take at the Toll Gates to be erected by virtue of this Act, the Tolls and Duties hereafter mentioned, before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame, the several Sums at the respective Gates following, (that is to (ay);

At the Toll Gate to be erected about the Centre of the Road:

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Hearse, or Calalh, drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Cala(h, Chair, or Hearse, drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Coach, Charior, Lant’au, Berlin, Chaise, Calash, Chair or Hearle, drawn by Two or Three Horses or other Beads ot Draughr, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Chaise, Calafli, or Chair, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gel-ding, or Mule, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Carr, or Carriage (other than and except such as are here'm-before otherwise rated or provided for) drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Hcrfe or other Bead of Draught above Four, drawing therein relptdively, the additional Sum of Sixpence each:

For every Cart or other Wheel Carriage (except as be fore-mentioned) drawn by Three Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shiilirg, for every such Carriage drawn by Two Horses or Bealls of Draught the

Sun}

T urnpile Gates where to be ere:ted.

Tolls granted by ,6 G. i- Sc 19 ft 38 G j. repealed.

Tolls.

At the Gate in the Centre of the Read.

388

At Botcher-gate and Penrith Town, head Gates.

At Eament Bridge and C arleton Gate.

*8* GEORGII III. Gap. 28.

Sum of Eight-pence, and for every such Carriage drawn by One Horse of other Bead of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten* pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

At the Toll Gate to be erected at the Foot of Botchergate, and also at the Toll Gate to be erected at Penrith Tow/ibead.

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Hearse, or Calash, drawn by Six Iiorfes or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Hearse, or Calash, drawn by Four Horses or other Beads of Draughr, the Sum of Nine-pence: For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calash, or Hearse, drawn by Two or Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Chaise, Calash, or Chair, drawn by One Hoise, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart or Carriage (other than and except such as ate herein-before otherwise rated or provided for) drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Horse or other Bead of Draught above Four drawing therein respectively, the additional Sum of Three-pence each:

For every Cart or other Wheel Carriage (except as before-mentioned) drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every such Carriage drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every such Carriage drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of One-penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: And For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of Twopence Halfpenny per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

And at the Toll Gate to be erected between Eamont Bridge and the Road leading to the Village of Cjrieton:

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Hearse, or Calash, drawn by Six Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calash, or Hearse, drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calash, or Hearse, drawn by Two of Three Horses or cthtr Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Chaise, Calash, or Chair, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Waggon, Wain, Carr, or Carriage (other than and except such as are herein-before otherwise rated or provided for) drawn by Four

Horles

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

389

Horles or other Be-fts of Draught, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Ilorfe or other Bead of Draught above Four drawing the rein, respectively, the additional Sum of One Penny Halfpenny each:

For every Cart or other Wheel Carriage (except as before mentioned) drawn by Three Horses or Beads of Draughr, the Sum of Three-pence; and for every such Carriage drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every such Carriage drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Twopence Halfpenny per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, the Sum of One Penny Farthing per Score, and so in proportion for a greater or less

Number:

Which said respective Sum and Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as Tells or Duties; and the Money so to be raised and collected as aforesaid shall be and is hereby veded in the said Trustees; and the fame and every Part thereof shall be paid, applied, and difpefed of, in such and the same Manner, and for such and the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as the Tolls directed to be raised and paid by the said first-recited Act ait directed to be paid, applied, and disposed of; and the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may use and exercise all and every the Powers and Authorities for the recovering and levying the Tolls and Duties hereby granted, and every Part thereof, as are given and authorized in and by the said recited Acts or either of them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this General Act the Exemptions granted by the said recited Acts shall be repealed; Exemption*, and that no Toll shall be demanded cr taken for any Waggons, Wains,

Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, cr returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been em; loved only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Town-ships or Parishes in which any Part of the said Roads lie,or any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Sttaw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Oudtoufes, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carrs, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying only, or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dang, Lime, Marl, Sullage, Comport, or other Manure, employed in Hufbindry for manuring or improving Land, or any Stone, Bricks, or other Materials for draining Land, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Land, or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carry-

[Lcr. Cs? Per.']

SF

ing

39©

ill T

Carriage* re turning with Coala to be Toll free.

4.8* GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

ing qr conveying only* Or going empty to carry or convey only, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Brick, L;me, Stone, Piaifter, Timber, or other Materials to be uJ'ed for building or repairing any Church, Chapel, House, Outhouse, Barn, Stable, or Hovel, within the same Parish where such Bricks, Lime, Stone^Plaister, Timber,or other Materials, shall be made, got, or cut down y or for any Hoyles or Cattle going to or returning from Pallure or Watering Places, or for any Horses going to be or returning from being Ihod i or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Peifdn that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes \ or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vtliting any lick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or lor any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaliei General, cither when employed in conveying, guarding, or fetching such Mails or Ex-prefies, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Hor.es, Carts, or Waggons, attending upon Soldiets upon their March or upon Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage, or for any Horses fumished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for or on the Days of nxer-cife, provided that such Persons be dreffl-d in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have the Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption; or for any Horlcs, Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Passes; or for any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, Chair, or other Carriage, or for any Horse or other Bealt conveying any Person or Persons to or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Cumberland, during the Time of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concludedj and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay, for any such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Driver of any Cart, Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage, going from the Town of Penrith and the Neighbourhood thereof, for the Purpose of fetching Coals for the Use of the Inhabitants of the Paid Town and Neighbourhood, shall, on producing a Ticket, signifying his having paid Tall the preceding Day for the fame Cart, Wain, Waggon, or other Carriage, be permitted tore-pass with such Carriage through each of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates upon the Paid Road Toll-free.

7

4S* GEORGII III. Gap. a8.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Person and Persons who shall carriages carpal's or repals through the said Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected at the ny "f on°Mar-Foot of Botchergate, on Carlisle Market Days, on Horsebatk, or with a kctmysto Cart or Carts, and carrying Provisions only, to Carlisle Marker, and who ex*cropVfaw» shall not travel more than One Mile upon the said Turnpike Road; and Tolls.

atfo all Person and Persons who shall pass and rep.fs through (he said Turnpikes or Toll Gates to be erected at Penrith Townhtad, and between Earnout Bridge and the Road leading to the Village of Carleton, upon Horseback, or with a Cart or Carts, and carrying Provisions only to Pen* rith Marker, and who shall not travel more than One Mile upon the said Turnpike Road, shall not be charged with or liable to pay any of the Tolls or Duties aforesaid, f jr any such Horses or Carts , and it is hereby declared that Saturday and Wednesday only in each Week shall be copfidered or allowed to be Carlisle Market Days, and Tuesday and Saturday only in each Week Penrith Market Days.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Meetings of the said Trustees, Meeting* of for the Purpose of carrying this Act and the said recited Acts into the Trustee*. Execution, shall be held at Carlisle and Penrith alternately and in rotation.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Clause in the said recited Act clausein passed in the Twentytfixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King repealed, George the Second, which directs, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to erect One or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll House or Toll houses, on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, and across any Lane or Way leading out of the fame, and so as no such Side Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, be erected within One Mile of the said City of Carlisle, or within One Mile of the said Town of Penrith, shall be and the same are hereby repealed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Turnpikes to Tiullees appointed by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited Acts [heSdes0^ and of this Act, or any Nine or more of them, and they are hereby au- Roads, tnorized and required to cause such Turnpike or Toll Gates to be erected

upon the Sides of the said Roads, across any Lints or Ways leading into the fame, as they shall think proper, and also aTollHouse adjoining or near to every such Turnpike, and from Time to Time to remove or alter the fame, as they shall think meet or expedient; and such Tolls shall be demanded and taken at such respective Side Gates, before any Horse,

Cattle, or Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through the fame, as are hereinbefore directed to be demanded and taken at the Toll Gates to be erected at Botchergate and Penrith Townbiad.

XII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Leafi:*

Act all Demises, Leases, and Agreements for Leases of the Tolls granted vacated, by the said recited Acts, shall cease and be void , and the said Trustees,

or any Nine or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby required to make a fair and just Compensation and Satisfaction to the present Lfcffee or Ltffees of the said Tolls for the Loss or Damage which he, she, or they shall luftain thereby; and such Compensation and Satisfaction shall and may be recovered by such Leffce or Ltffees from the said Trustees, in case of Refusal to make the fame on Demand made to their Clerk or Treasurer,

392

Powerto fence off Parts of

Road leading over open Oiound.

Power to purchase Lands.

Purchases may be made of Bodies Politic and others, disabled from conveying.

Value of Land »o be aleer-tained by a

Ju.y.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, in any of Hfs Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XIII. And whereas some Pans of the said Road lead over open

Grounds, and the Payment of the Toils hereby granted, may by reason of the Width thereof be avoided j be it therefore ensiled, That the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, hi ll and may cause to be fenad and ditched off such Parrs of the said Open Grounds ts they shall think necessary, in order to prevent the Payment of the said Trails being avoided.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That for the Purnofe of widening, turning, diverting, altering, and improving the said Road», it shall be lawful for the Lid Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, to contrail and agree with the Owners and Proprietors and other Persons intertlKd in any Lands or Grounds lying convenient lor that Purpose, for the Purchase of such Lands or Grounds, or for the Damage which may be sustained by such widening, turning, diverting, or altering any Parr of such Roads, and to pay for the fame, and the Expences of such Purchase and Agreements, out of the Tolls determined by this Act granted, or out of any Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof.

XV. And whereas it may happen that some Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, or for any other particular Estate or Interest, Femes Covert, Truk tees, Guardians, Feofftes in Trull, Committees, Executors, Admmiftra-tors or others, who are or may be frifed or possessed of Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, which may by the said Trustees be thought necessary or proper to be taken in and added to the said Roads, for turning, widening, diverting, altering, or improving the same; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all B.idles Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, or for any other particular Estate or Interest in Possession, Femes Covert, and their Husbands, Trustees, Guardians, and Feoffees in Trull, Executors, Administrators, Committees, and Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalt of themselves, their Heirs, and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of any In'ants, Lunatic*, or Ctjiuique Trulls, and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoevrr who are or shall be feiled or pofftfied of or ir.terested in any such Lands, Grounds, or Hiredicaments, to trear, contrail, and agre with the said Trull-e*, or any Nine or more of them, for the Sale of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid, and to sell and convey the lame as Occasion shall be or require; and all Con-trails. Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be f;> made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law\ Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise noiwith-standing.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any such Body Politic or Corporate, or other Owners of or Person or Persons interrfted i i any such Lands or Grounds as aforesaid, or any futh Feoffees in Trull, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or other Trustees, shall refuse to trear, or shall not agree for the Sale of any such Lands or Grounds, or for their Inter eft

therein,

393

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

therein, o' by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, the said Trustees shall, within Ten Days at lead before any General Quarter Sessions of the Peacfc to be holden for the said County of Cumberland, cause Notice in Writing to be given to such Owners or Persons interested, Feoffees, Executors, Admmiilrators or Guardians, and other Trustees r< fptft.vrly, or to the principal Officer of any such Body Politic or Corporate, 01 to be left at the House of the Tenant in Poffrffion of the Lands or Grounds intended to be purchased, purporting that the Value thereof will be adjustrd and letded by a Jury at the said Sessions, then and in every such Case the Justices at such Sessions, upon Proof made to them of such Notice having bem given or left as aforesaid, are hereby authorized and required to charge the Jury which shall attend at such Sessions, or some other Jury ot Twelve honed Men to be there impannelled and returned by the Sheriff of the said County, whhout Fee or Reward, and cause them to be Iworn well and truly on their Oaths to afiefs the Value of the Linds or Grounds mentioned or described in the said Notice, and the Damages or Recompence to be given for the fame, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be inten led to be taken and used for the Purposes of this Act, to the respective Owners and Persons intereded, according to their respective Interests therein; and the said Trudees and all Persons intereded shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jury when they come to be Iworn; and the said Jury being fofworn and charged as aforesaid, and after proper Evidence on Oath to them given (which Oath, and also the Oaths to the said Jury, the said Justices are hereby authorized and required to admmider) concerning the Nature, Quantity, and Value of such Lands or Grounds, or such Part or Parts thereof as aforesaid, and also after having viewed the Place in question (if judged necessary by the said judices in Sedions assembled, on the Application of the said Trustees, or any of the Parties interested) shall by their Verdict assess, declare, and ascertain the Quantum of the Damages and Recompence to be given for the same to such respecti e Owners and Persons, according to their respective Interests therein; and such Verdict of the said Jury shall be final, binding, and conclusive to the said Trustees, and to all Persons and Parties interested in the said Lands or Grounds, and the said Justices shall and may award Costs to cither Party, as in their Discretion shall seem mder.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money so assessed as aforesaid shall be and the same are hereby charged upon the Monies which shall be collected or raised by virtue of this Act, and shall be paid thereout accordingly by the said Trustees, or by their Treasurer, to the Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents; and upon Payment thereof to such Persons or their Agents, or in case of Refusal to accept the fame after Tender thereof, then upon leaving the fame in the Flands of the Freasurer to the said Trustees, for the Life of such Persons whole Lands or Grounds as aforesaid shall be laid into and made Part of the said Road, and shall to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and be deemed and taken to be a Public and Common Highway, and be from thenceforth Parc of the said Roads for ever, and shall be repaired and kept in Repair by such Ways, Means, and Methods, and in all Rtlpefts in such Manner as the High Roads within the Parish or Place where such Lands or Grounds are situate ate by Law and this Act to be kept in Repair; and all Parties and Persons shall for ever thereafter be diveftedof [ Lot. Per.] 5 G all

On Payment of the Purchase Money Lands may be made use of.

394

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

all Right end Title to such Lands or Grounds; and after any such new Road shall be completed in lieu of any old Road, the Ground constituting the former Road (unless leading to fume Village, Town, or Place to which such new Road doth not lead) shall be vetted in and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees for the heft Price that can be gotten for the lame; and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the Repairs of the Road hereby intended to be repaired; and the Person or Persons over whole Lands or Grounds such new Road shall be made in lieu of any old Road, shall have the Preference in Purchase of the old Road lo to be loid as aforesaid and the Conveyance to be made of such Ground, being executed by any Rive or more of the said Trustees, and inrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes; and the Lords of the respective Manors shall have the fame Interest and Property in such new Road, as they were possessed of or entitled 'o in the former Road in lieu whereof such Road shall be made: Provided always, that in widening, turning, or altering the Course of any Part of the faio Ruad, nothing shall be done which shall or may in anywise damage or injure any Dwelling-House, or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or Plantation or Nursery planted with Trees, on or before the First Day of January One the ufand eight hundred and seven, unless the Owner or Proprietor thereof shall consent in Writing thereto.

Application of

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Monty shall be agreed whTre'eiual0" or awar^ec' ,0 Pa'd for anV Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, toacol. purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, forthePurposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covcrr, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons onder any Disability or Incapacity, as in this Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Hi^h Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Cider made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or assessing any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith, to the fame nr the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction ana Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaidI, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and, in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall.

395

4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

by O der of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant-General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bmk Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bmk Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased in ca!e such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporati in, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be Jess than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being enrirled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased. token, or uied, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank in the Name, and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the fau. Trustees for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Monry so agreed or awarded to be paid as next bdore mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would fur the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Adf, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committee0, to and for the Ufc and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or shall reiule to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances, or in case such Person or Persons

Application of Compenia-tion if lei* than aoo I. and exceeding iol.

Application ot Compenla* cion if lei* th.m sol

Mohey allow* ed for Lands, v c.purchased, how to be charged and tendered, fice.

396 48* GEORGII IH. Cap. 28.

Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful fur the said Trustees, or any Fiveormoie of them, to order ’.he said Sum or Sums so awarded to be prtid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Piivity of the Accountant-Gene, al or the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m~\ tubjeifl to the Order, Controul, and D.fposition of the Lid Court; which laid Coutt, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part th reof, by Motion or Petirion, shall be and is hereby empowered. in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the said Court shall Ice.; meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to order Ditiribution thereof, or Payment of the D.vidends thereof, according to the respective Elfate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto,* and to make such other Order in the Piemiles as to the said Courr shall seem just and rrafunable; and the Cathier or Caftiiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are heteby icquired to give a Receipt or Receipts for loch eum or Sums, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the lame is or are received, to such Peif n or fons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Respeaing

XXII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That where any

S'1 Question (ha 1 arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money ts be

paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the

Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, ot Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in puiluancetheieof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any fuct. Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Pt (hellion of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Puchase, and all Periods claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Pcfleffi. n of such Person or Persons, (Vail be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such PortefEon, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Luereft of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Puffcflion was a wrongful Possession, and that feme other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lmds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

Court of

XXIII. Provided also and be it furih r enacted, That where by reason

todin&ythe of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation, Payment of entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under Expences. the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be

required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act> it shall be lawful for the said Court to order

5 the

397

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

tlieExpences of'all Purch.ifts from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or to much of such Expences as (he laid Court shall deem reasonable, together with the ntccflary Colls and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time 10 Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall diredL

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Statute Work. Acts as rtlate t > the Performance of Statute Labour on the said Roads, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Wotk, or are and shall be changeable towards repairing and amending the Roads herrhy directed to be made, widened, or rcp.ft ed, or any Parc thereof, shall still remain liable thereto as heretofore; and it shall and maybe lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, and shey are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to tiiemby the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their O der, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part 01 Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Compositiun for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him or them paid to the said Truliees, or to their Treal'urer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts betoie such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment okany Money in lieu of or as a Compofuion for such Staiute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or with Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be p^id, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and tffedl for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order fuih and so many of the Pci Ions who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done at such Days and at such Times (noc being Hay Time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustee«, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the Lid Justices shall and may also order and diiedt the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to p ry such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treal'urer, at such Time 01 Times as ihey the said Justices shall direct; and in dclault of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the rtfpdlive Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalties by the said recked Acts are authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who [Loc.&Per.] s H Ih-il

398

Expence of the Act to he paid ont of the Toils.

Publi; Act.

Comintn'c. xnent and Tei m of the

Act.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Node® in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall fcr every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, besubjed and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Fotftitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law < r Statute in force or cffc£t for the Repair of the public Highways; or if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the Laid Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor of the Laid Trustees, Rich Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Petlon who shall be (o found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every Rich Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or tefufed to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurerto the said Trustees for the Time being, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in furh Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or impeded Lifts, every such Surveyor lo offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Colts, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, together with lawful Interest from the Time of advancing the same to the Time of Payment, shall be paid by the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, out of the Money already collected or borrowed, or to be col-lrdled or borrowed, by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in preference to any other Payment whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Pubi c Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place upon the Third Wednesday next after the passing thereof, and, together with so much of the Rid recited Acts as by this Act is not varied or altered, shall continue in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next S'.flion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III.

REGIS.

Cap. 29.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from New Chappel in the County of Surrey, to Ditcheling Bojl Hills in the County of Sussex; and for amending the Road from Ditcheling Bojl Hills to Brigbtbelmstone in the County of Sussex.

[ 14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing-, widening, 10 G. 3. and keeping in Repair, the Road from New Chappel in the County of Surrey, over Copthorn in the County of Sussex, through Lind-field to the Town of Ditchling, up to the Top of Ditchling Bolt Hills in the said County of Sussex: And whereas another Act was made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for 30 G. 3. continuing the Term and enlarging, altering, and amending the Powers of an Act, made in the Tenth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from New Chappel in she County [Loc. Iff Per.] 5 / of

402

Former A£U continued.

Xmpowering the Trustees to make the new Piece of Road.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

of Surrey, ovor Copthorn in the Count" of Sussex, through LindflelJ to the Town of Ditchling, up to the Top of Diich'ing Boft Hills in the fetid County of Sufi ox: And vhegeas-the TrulfCes aiding in the Execution of the said Acts have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which (till remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, the Tolls increased, and some of the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And whereas the Road leading from the Top of Ditchcling Boji Hills to the Town of Brighthelm-stone is much out of Repair, incommodious and dangerous for Travellers, and cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law, and it would be a great Accommodation to the Neighbourhood, and of publick Utility, if the fame were to be repaired, and put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the C lauses. Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such Parts thereof as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and, together with this present Act, shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as well for the Purpose of amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the Road included in the said recited Acts, as for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Top of the said Hills, called Ditcheling Boji Hills, to the Town of Brighthelwstone, as fully and effectually in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Acts, and the Clauses, Powers, and Provisions therein respectively contained, were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, and as if the said additional Road had been Part of the Road included in the said Acts; but subject nevertheless to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect upon the passing of this Act; and that this Act, and the Term and Powers hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the said recited Acts and of this present Act, or any of them, and all Interest due and to become Sue for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and-for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or for such Persons as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall employ for that Purpose, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered, to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, in or through which the said new Piece of Road is intended to pals, to set out, form, make, and complete the same, from the 'Fop of Ditcheling Boji Hills to the Town of Brighthelmjione aforesaid, and to cut and make such Drains, Gutters, and 'Funnels, for draining the Lands adjoining or near such Road, as shall be 6 by

403

4Se GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

by them thought necessary or proper for draining the Water from such Road, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the Powers to them hereby granted, and making reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners or Proprietors of, and all Persons interested in the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for all Damages which shall be sustained by executing the Powers and Authorities hereby given; and in case any Difference concerning the same shall arise between the said Trustees and such Owners or Proprietors and Persons interested as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the major Parr of them assembled, at the next General Quarter Section of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, or at the Second General Quarter Session of the Peace there, to settle, adjudge, and determine what Recompence shall be made to such Owners or Proprietors and Persons interested, for the Damages they shall have sustained as ai'ore-said; which Determination shall be final: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to take, use, injure, or damage, for the Purposes of the said Road, or any the Purposes aforesaid, any House or other Building, or any Land or Ground set apart or used as a Garden, Orchard, Park, or planted Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof.

III. And whereas a Map or Plan defevibing the Line of the said new Piece of Road, and the Lands through which the fame is to be carried, together with a Book of Reference containing a List of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Sufex, be it therefore enacted, That the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the End that all Persons may at any seasonable limes have Liberty to inspect and peruse the lame, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and that the said Trustees in making the said new Piece of Road shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards of Three Feet each from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, through whole Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to rriake the said new Piece of Road into, through, across, or over the several Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons who is or are, or may be Owner or Owners of Land, over which the fame is set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

For retraining the Trustees from deviating beyond a certain Distance of the JLine described in the Plan, &c.

Trustees may make Road through Grounds although the Owners Names are not in the Book of Reference,

«®4-

and to ere A

Turnpike

there.

No Turnpike Gate to be erected within One Mile of Brighton.

For repealing the pre» font Tolls, and granting new ones.

Tolls.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. £9.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they or any Seven or more of them shall appoint, when and so soon as the said intended Road from the Top of Ditcheling Bojl Hills to the said Town of Brighthelmstone shall be made and completed, to erect and set up, or cause to be erected and set up. One Gate or Turnpike upon or across the said Road, and also a Toll House with suitable Outbuildings thereto, and also to take in and inclose from the said Road a Garden Spot suitable and convenient for such 'loll House, and pull down and remove the fame, as they the said Trustees, or any Seven Gr more of them, shall judge proper; and One Half of the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, at the several Gates or Turnpikes between New Chappel and Ditcheling Bejl Hills aforesaid, shall be demanded and taken before any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Als, Beall or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through the said Gate or Turnpike to be erected and set up between the Top of Ditche* ling Bojl Hills and the said Town of Brightbelmjltne.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to erect such Gate or Turnpike upon the said new Piece of Road between Ditcheling Bojl Hills and Brigbtbelmjlor.e, within One Mile of the said 'Town of Brighthelmstone.

VII. And whereas the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts have been found insufficient for amending and keeping the said Road from New Chappel to the Top of Ditcheling Bojl Hills aforesaid in gopd Repair, and for executing the several other Purposes of the said Acts, be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-ninth Day of September next, the Tolls payable in and by the said recited Acts shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and that in lieu thereof the following Tolls shall be demanded and taken, before any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Beall or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage whatsoever, be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, Side Bar or Side Gate, erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, upon or across the said Road between New Chappel and the Top of Ditcheling Bojl Hills aforesaid, or upon or across any Lane or Way leading into the fame; (that is to say).

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, drawing in any Carriage of whatsoever Description, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horle, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Afs or other Bead of Burthen, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One-penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any less Number:

And that Double the said respective Tolls shall be demanded and taken on every Sunday during the Continuance of this Act:

Which

ij.80 GEORGII lit. Cap. 29. 4°5

Which fa'id respective Tolls or Ditties shall be and are hereby declared to be vested in the Trustees appointed or to be appointed for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this prerent Act; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, the said Tolls at the respective Gates erected or to be erected across Or near the said Road between New Chappel and the Top of Ditcheling Bof Hills aforesaid; and One Half of the said Tolls at the Gate to be erected between the Top of Ditcheling Bojl Hilts and the said Town of Bright hclm/lone; and they the said_ Trustees, or'such Person or Persons as they Until authorize and appoint for that Purpose, shall have such and the fame Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for collecting, demanding, recovering, levying, alligning, transferring, leafhg, reducing; advancing, and compounding for the Tolls and Duties hereby granted or made payable, as are in and by the said recited Acts or either of them given and expressed with respect to the Tolls thereby granted or made payable, so that such Advancement of the said Tolls or any of them, after the said Tolls or any of them shall have been reduced, do not exceed the Tolls hereby granted; but Twenty-one Days Notice thereof at least shall be given upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall be therr Handing upon the said Roads, previous to any such Alterations in the said Tolls; and that the said Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, to and for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as are in the said recited Acts and this Act directed and appointed in that Behalf.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, Tog*taken That all and every of the said lolls and Duties, being paid at any One of the said Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected by virtue of the be an Exemp-

said Acts or either of them, or this Act, on any Part of the said Road tion fr«m

by the said Acts directed to be repaired between New Chap pci and the Payment at

Town of Lindfield, shall not be looked upon or deemed to be an Exerrip- other Gatcs*

tion from the Payment of the like Tolls and Duties at any oilier of the said Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected between the said Town of Lindfield and the Top of Ditcheling Bojl Hills, but that the fame Tolls

shall be paid Twice between New Chappel and the Top of Ditcheling Bojl

Hills aforesaid for all Horses, Cattle, Bealls, and Carriages, that is to

say. Once between New Chappel and the Town of Lindfield aforesaid, and

Once between the said Town of Lindfeld and the Top of Ditcheling Bof

Hills aforesaid; any Thing in the said recited Acts or either of them, or

in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That no more That Personi than Two Tolls in the Whole shall be demanded or taken from any Person f*®»gTwic* for Once passing and rcpalling the same Day, to be computed from Twelve Day'ifiatt* of the Clock in One Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding onlypay Night, with the fame Horses, Cattle, Bealls, and Carriages, through all One Toil bc-the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected by virtue of the ^een ^e"’ said recited Acts or either of them, or of this Act, between New Chappel OiuheUn^ and the Top of Ditcheling Bof Hills aforesaid, but that all and every Per- Boll Hills; son and Persons, having paid the said 'I wo Tolls in the Whole, between but if more Nm Chappel and Ditcheling Bof Hi'ds aforesaid, and producing a Note or addi-braT’

ILoc. & Per.J 5 K Ticket, Tolll'The

taken.

406 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Ticket, Notes or Tickets, denoting the Payment of such Tolls (which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of the Toll), shall Once pass and repass the same Day, with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages, Toll-free through all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erected or to be erected on the said Road between New Chappel and Ditcheling Bofl Hills aforesaid; but if any Person or Persons shall pass through any such Gate or Turnpike a Third Time with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, then and in that Cafe such Person or Persons shall again be liable to pay the said Toll, and so toties quoties for every Third Time the said Person or Persons shall pass the same Day through the fame Gate or Turnpike on the said Roads with the fame Ilorfes, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages as aforesaid.

X. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no more than One Toll shall be demanded or taken from any Person or Persons for Once passing and repassing the same Day with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, through all the said Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected on any Part of the said Road by the said recited Acts, or either of them, Twice in the directed to be repaired, between New Chappel and the Town of I.indfield; fame Dav, nor shall any more than One Toll be demanded or taken from any Person and only Half or Persons for Once parting and reparting the same Day with the fame 3 (n°" nr. Horses, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages through all the said Gates or Turn-but'if’monT ’ P>kes erected or to be erected between the Town of Lindfeld and Ditcheling than Twice, Bofl Hills aforesaid; nor shall any more than One Half Toll be demandtd additional or taken from any Person or Persons for Once parting and repassing the Toll to be faille Day with the fame Horses, Cattle, Bealls, and Carriages, through the said Gate or Turnpike to be erected between Ditcheling Bojl Hills aforesaid and the said Town of Brighthelmstone; but that all and every Person and Persons, having paid such respective Tolls, and producing a Note or Ticket, or Notes or Tickets as aforesaid, shall Once pass and repass the same Day with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages, Toll-free through all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erected or to be erected on the said Roads between the respective Places aforesaid; but if any Person or Persons shall pass through any Gate or Turnpike between the respective Places aforesaid a Third Time with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages, then and in that Cafe such Person or Persons shall again be liable to pay the said Toll, and so toties quoties for every Third Time the said Person shall pass the same Day through the fame Gate or Turnpike on the said Roads, between the respective Places aforesaid, with such Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages as aforesaid: Provided always, that nothing in this A<d contained shall authorize the said Trustees, or the Collectors of the said Tolls, to demand or take from any Person or Persons parting or repassing with the fame Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Cattle, and not drawing in any Carriage upon the said Roads, more than One Toll in any One Day, to be computed as aforesaid, between the respective Places aforesaid.

For repealing

XI. And whereas by the said last recited Act it is enacted, That all and a Clause in every Carriage laden with Chalk, Timber, Timber in Boards, Plank or Acts°«spect- Scantlings, Guns or other Iron, Mine Ore, Hay or Straw, for Sale, Bricks, ing Double Tiles, Sand, Stone, Flints, Marl, Coal, Firewood, Faggots, Hop-poles, or

One Toll

only to be taken, between New Chappel and XaindHeld for passing

48° GGEORGTI III. Cap. 29.

Hoops, pa/IIng through any of the Gates or Turnpikes then or thereafter to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts, between the First Day of November and the First Day of April in every Year during the Continuance of the said Acts, should pay the Sum of Four Shillings for each Time every such Carriage should pals through any such Gate or Turnpike, so laden as aforesaid: And whereas such Part of the said last recited Act imposing the fame Toll on Carts as on Waggons has been found inconvenient and prejudicial to the Publick, be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said last recited Act shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that from and after the Commencement of this Act all and every Carriage and Carriages whatsoever laden with Chalk, Timber, Timber in Boards, Plank or Scantling, Guns or other Iron, Mine Ore, Hay or Straw for Sale, Bricks, Tiles, Sand, Stone, Flints, Marl, Chalk Marl, Coals, Kite-wood, Faggots, Hop-poles, or Hoops, passing through any of the Gates or Turnpikes now erected or hereafter to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, between the Twentieth Day of October in each Year and the First Day of April in every succeeding Year, during the Continuance of this Act, shall pay Double the Tolls or Duties hereby granted at each Gate or Turnpike through which such Carriage or Carriages so laden shall pass; any Thing in the said recited Acts or either of them, or this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And, in order to prevent the Misconduct of the Persons employed as Collectors of the said Tolls, be it further enacted, That every Person employed to collect any of the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, shall affix his or her Christian and Surname on a Board on some conspicuous Part of the Toll House at which he or she shall be appointed to collect the said Tolls, on each and every Day that he or she shall continue in such Collection, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Neglect thereof; and if any such Collector shall wilfully misbehave himself or herself in the Collection of the said Tolls, or shall make use of any opprobrious or improper Language to any Person or Persons passing through any of the Turnpikes already erected or hereafter to be erected, by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or of this Act, and shall be thereof convicted on his or her own Confession, or on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Surrey or Sussex (where the Offence shall be committed), he or (lie shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, and in Default of Payment thereof shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, for any Time not exceeding One Month.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Beast, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads lie; or Hay, Straw, or Com in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the

& Outhouses

4C7

Tolls on certain Carriages, and for taking other Tolls in lieu thereof.

For preventing Mrfcon-duct in Collectors.

Exemptions from Toll.

4o8

Application of Compensation Money when amounting to 2C0l.

4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

OuthoUfes or on the Lands of the Owners, for the Purpose of threshing out such Corn, or of feeding out such May or Straw; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beall, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to cany or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, Corn for feeding the Ground, or any Dung, Com poll, or Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands (Chalk, Chalk Marl, Ditchcling Sandy Mould and Lime excepted); or for any Hoi fcs or Cattle going to or returning from Pad ere or Watering Places, or going to be or reluming from being (hoed or far-ried; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Townships or Parishes; or from any Clergyman going lo or returning from visiting any lick Person, or going to or returning from other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprcffes under the Authority of His Majesty's Pollmalter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guardiijg such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Cart, Cattle, or Bead, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal PalVes, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Surrey or Suffix, on the Day or Days of such Election, or cn the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Anns, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted-. That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme

Covert,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 29. 409

Covett, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or In. capacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under die Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid. Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Eflfeft; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by the said recited Acts or this Act directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments "here th_e . purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any i3°ctf thaV°n Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as 200I. and aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall more than amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such 2o1-Cafes the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or.

Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account \Lec. fa* /V.J 5 L as

4*0 48e GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; of otherwise the fame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Seven or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

wKereThe0'1

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Money is left a£ree<i or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than 20I. than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of not

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to making out whom any gum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of chafe'koney any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of to be paid the said recited Acts or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall into the not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the to’ the* Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or

Order of ^he Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if Court of the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-Chancery on ments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall Petition or an^ ma)’ Lwful to for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of

c ° ' them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m"], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or F.rtates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Ca/hier or Ca/hiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received,

to

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the lame shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act. or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Surrey and Suffix, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or

9 Places

Relpefting

disputed

Titles.

The Court

may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

Persons chargeable to Statute Work to continue so.

Justices to determine Differences touching Statute Work.

4-12

48° GEORGII III. Cap..2C).

Places in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and maybe lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Five Days after the tirving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Competition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lids of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrid'ons as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and out of such lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Competition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Bealls to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall fee subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refuled to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said

4-13

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Lid Trustees, and applied towards the amending the f.iid Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refine or wilfully n eg left to give in inch Lilts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in sali'e and imperfect Lilts, every such Surveyor so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads are situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads; which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer to the said Trustees in Advance, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe, to advance any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of paying the Expences of this Act, and for paying for Land which may be necessary to be purchased for making and completing the said new Branch of Road, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively subscribed, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, by an Order in Writing to be made and subscribed by them, at any publick Meeting or Meetings to be held for the Purposes of this Act, to be paid to their Treasurer at such Time or Times, Place or Places, as they shall in and by such Order direct or appoint; and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame at the Time and in Manner required as aforesaid for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, in the Name of their Treasurer for the Time being, to sue for and recover the fame by an Action or Actions of Debt on this Act in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Colls, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the procuring and obtaining this Act, together with lawful Interest from the Time of advancing the fame till the Time of Payment, shall be paid and satisfied by the said Trustees; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby di reded and required to order and direct the Payment of the said Charges and Expences, with Interest as aforesaid, out of the First Monies that shall be collected, borrowed, or received, by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments and Disbursements whatsoever.

5 M

Trustees may compound for Statute Work.

To compel the Payment of Subscriptions.

For paying the Expences of the A&.

[I«. Pgr.]

414

[Publick Act.]

Term and Continuance of the Act

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 29,

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said recited Act shall, on the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and the said recited Acts (subject to the Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein-before contained) and this Act shall from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in force, and be executed for and during the Tenn of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

HMH»*H|t*

Cap. 30.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Seventh and Eleventh Years of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal Ash, in the County of Warwick, through Studley, to the Town of Birmingham . [ 14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An 7g,j. c. 77. Act for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal A(b, in the County of Warwick, through S udley to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town ^Birmingham: And whereas another Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Altfor enlarging u G. j. c, 61. the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Spernal Ash in the County of Warwick, to a Street called Digbeth, in the Town of Birmingham: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to pur the fame in execution, far which Purpose they have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Road be properly amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts, altered and enlarged; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advr.e and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prelcin Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts passed in the Seventh and Eleventh Years of the Reign of His present continued ILoe. & Arv] ' 5 N Majesty,

418

Trustees for executing the said *cts to execute this.

Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk.

Clerk to be reimbursed Kxpeucct.

Exemption* from Toll.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 2o.

Majesty, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provisions, Penalties, and Clauses therein contained (except such as relate toExemp. tion from Stamp Duties, and such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and continue in full force, and be executed for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and surposes as if the fame were herein particularly repeated and re-enacted, butsubject neverthelessto the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions, herein contained, and which shall commence and take effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monty now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said former Act.% or which may hereafter be borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit of the said former Acts, and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees named in or appointed in pursuance of the said recited Acts or either of them, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for putting in execution this Act, and shall continue to meet and adjourn from Time to Time, according to the Directions of the said recited Acts.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk; and that no Action to be brought or commenced by or against the said Trustees, or any Five or mere of them, by virtue or on account of the said recited Acts or this Act, or either of them, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees (h -.H always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be: Provided always, that every such Clerk in whole Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of the said Act-. and this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences, as by the Event of any such Proceeding he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with by Reason of his having been so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any Toll Gate, for any Cattle or Carriage solely employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from tarrying or conveying, any Matciialsfor repairing the said Road, or of any Lime, Dung, Mould, Soil, or Compost of any Kind for the manuri g of any Garden, or other Land or Ground, in any of the Pariities through which the said Road leads, or which are next adjoining to the said Road, or for any Horse or other Cattle employed in the ploughing, lowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Grounds in any such Parishes j or for any Cattle cr Carriages employed in Harvelt Work or Husbandry, or in the Carriage of any Hay, Srravv, or Corn in the Straw not for Sale; or from the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands, or their Servants, going to or from their rtfjxS'iVe Lands, on the Business only of looking after such Land,', or the Stock upon the lame; or for any Horse or other

Cattle

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 30. 4

Cattle drawing or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry, in order for the repairing thereof, or uling the fame in Husbandry, or any UtenGl that shall be used or employed in Husbandry, or tilling or manuring of Land; or for any Horles, Cattle, Sheep, Swine or Hogs, going to or passing from Water or Palture in any of the Parishes through which the said Road leads, or which are next adjoining to the said Hoad; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, going to be or returning from being shod or tarried; or for any Sheep going to or returning from any Walh, Dike, River, or other Place uled for the washing of Sheep in any such Parishes, or for any Sheep going to or returning from any Place used for the clipping of Sheep in any such Parishes; or for any Horses or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expteffes under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or ExprtlTes, or in returning therefrom, or for any Horse belonging to any Officers or Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or for any Horles, Cattle, or Carriage, employed in carrying or conveying, or returning from carrying or conveying, the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers; or for any Horse, Mare or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided always, that such Persons are in the Uniform of their respidive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horses or other Cattle or Carriage employed in conveying Vagrants sent with lawful Palfes; or for any Horse or other Cattle that shall be going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the respective Counties of Warwick and Worcejltr, on the Day of such Election or Elections, or on the Day before or on the Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; nor shall any Tull be taken or demanded of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parish Church, or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his sick Parishioners, or upon any Other Ecclrliastical Duty; nor from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship, tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; and if any Person or Persons shall claim or take the Benefit of any such Exemption, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Puuncls, to be recovered and applied in such and the same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by the said iirll-mentioned Act directed to be recovered and applied.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or Sfatute shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards Work, repairing and amending the said Road or any Pait thereof, shall Hill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace fur the said respective Counties of Warwick and Worcester, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said 3 Trulkes,

420

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Trustees, or by their Clerk, or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parillies or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers j and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Workto be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Rtftridions as are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject: and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done at such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Puyment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, m like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or than, at his, her, or their usual Place or Fiat es of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or IIoifcs, Read or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or tffc& for the Repair of the publick Highways; and it a;iy Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Survtyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person wno shall bt found role or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every Rich Person shall be subject and liable 10 the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Dt aught had not been lent to work on any Part of the said

Read;

421

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Road; all which. Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, ard applied towards amending ciie slid Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of (he said blighwaysfor any of the said Parishes Of Places, shall refuseor wilfully neglect togivcinfich L'ftsas afu'daid, or shall kndwlngly and wilfully give in falle or imperfect L (Vs, every such Surveyor footfending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum net exceeding Forty Shillings.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed AppL-at °n 01 awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, tion »hen"e*. purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited reeling mol. Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said fhft recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parti the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Pecitkn, tu be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rrnts and Profits of the Lid Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Par thereof, as the Lid Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Linds,

Tenements, or Hered taments, or affecting any other Lands, Tenement5, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, far, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Pu'poses, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time ot making the Conveyance and Settlement shall be exiting, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Lid Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in toe mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Coure to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who Would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby dnefted to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

[Lee. 6? Per.-]

50

422

Application of C'> n pen ration if less than 100L an-i exceeding sol.

Application of Compensation if less than aoL

In case of not making out Titles;

or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to bepaid into the Bank.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 3o.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposts aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum|of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons, for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken,or used,or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the B ink with the Privity, and in the Name of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order tobeapplied in the Mannerherein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Trustees for executing the said Tecited Acts and this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining, or bt ing required to obtain, the Direction and Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

VIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, Thar when such Money, so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rtnts and Profits of the Lands, Tenement-, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the Lid Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said Acts or this Act, for the Purposes of the said Road, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case the Person or Persons to whom any such Sum or Sums ot Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, cr if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, cr any Five or more of them, to order the Sum and Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, \_dejcriling the m~\ subject to the Order, Controul, and Dispofuion of the said Court of Chancery; which laid Court of Chan-

ccry.

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 30. 423

eery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum and Sums of Money, or any Parc thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the lame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Funds, and to order D ftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interelh, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as afotd'aid.

X. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise R fpKt'ng touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said Acts or this Act, for the Use of the said Read, for the Purchas’e of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Sank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money» or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in PoflclTion of the Land?, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of lush Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Pofteffton was a wrongful One, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason court of of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation Chancery to entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under ment'of the Authority of the said Acts cr this Act, the Purchase Money for fence., the lame shall be requited to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, robe failed to the like Uses in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, it shall be lawful lor the said Court to order the Expencts of all Purchases from Time io Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts, or this Act, or lb much of such Espences a. the said Court shall deem reasonablr, together with the necdLry Costs and Charges of obtaining! such Order, to be paid by the said Trusttes, or any Five or nit re of tlum who ftiali trum Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court ftiali dirtd.

4*o* GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences incurred in and about the obtaining and passing of this Act, together with lawful Interest for all Money which shall be advanced from Time to Time for that Purpose, shall be paid out of any Money already raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the First Monies which shall be raised or borrowed upon the Credit of the said recited Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

[Publick Act.]

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken; Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts (subject to Commerce, the Alterations, Additions, and Amendments in this Act contained) and Continuance Act, shall continue and be in force and be executed for and during the of the Act. Residue now to come of the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Termof Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Stdion of Parliament*

424

For paving the F.xpences of this Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

I

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 31,

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the JVirksworth Turnpike Road, in the Hamlet of Ideridgehay, to the Town of Duffidd, in the County of Derby.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS the making, maintaining, and keeping in Repair a Turnpike Road from and out of the present Turnpike Road from the Cross o'th' Hands on Hulland Ward to Wirksworth at or near a Field in the Hamlet of Ideridgehay, the Property of William Allfop, and from thence through the Townships of Shottle, Po/lern, Hazle-wood, Windley, and Duff eld, to the Town or Village of Duffield, all in the County of Derby, will be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants of the adjacent Country; and by opening a nearer and more convenient Communication between the Towns of Derby and Wirksworth aforesaid, will be of great publick Utility: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable Lord George Augustus Henry Anpo;ntment Cavendish, the Honourable Nathaniel Curzon, the Honourable David of Trustees. Francis Curzon Clerk, Sir Robert Wilmot of Chaddefdon, Baronet, the Mayor of the Borough of Derby for the Time being, Richard Arkwright,

Richard Arkwright the younger, Robert Arkwright, Peter Arkwright,

'John Adfetts, William Alsop, Robert Alsop, William Alsop thr younger,

Richard Bakeman, John Balguy, John Balguy the younger, Brian Balguy,

Charles Broadhurst, Francis Bradshaw Clerk, William Barber Clerk,

Thomas Barber, Francis Bruckfeld, John Blackwali, Robert Blackwull,

[Lee. is* Per.J 5 P William

426

for appoirtt-ini' re* Trustee*.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

William Bradshaw, William Brittlebank, Thomas Brace, John Bennett, George Bownlcr, Nathaniel Bowmer, Henry Brown, Thomas Brown, James Bellairs, John Bower, William Cavendish, Daniel Parker Coke, John Crompton, John Bell Crompton, Gilbert Crompton, John Chaloner Clerk, Edward Cox, John Cox, Thomas Cox, Rodger Cox, John Curxon, Thomas Chamberlain, Robert Creffwell, John Chatterton, Joseph Collinfon, Paul Calton, John Drewry, Robert Dannah, Thomas Evans, Edmund Evans, Walter Evans, Nathaniel Edwards, William Eaton, Richard Forrester Forresler, Thomas Foulki, William Fox, Walter Ford, John Ford, Philip Gell of Hopton, Philip Gell of Wirksworth, William Gell, Philip Gell Clerk, Thomas Gell Clerk, Benjamin Gell, John Charles Girardott, William Greaves, Anthony Goodwin, Francis Green Goodwin, Benjamin Granger, Thomas Ley Greaves, Thomas Gray/bn, George Garratt, Thomas Gamble, Edward Griffin, Joshua Gregory, David Gregory, Francis Hurt, Charles Hurt, Charles Hurt the younger, Richard Hurt, Nathan Hubberjly Clerk, Charles Stead Hope Clerk; John Hope, Robert Hope, John Heaton, Stephen Hall, Thomas Hall, John Harrison, Henry Philip Hadley, Richard Holden, Nathaniel Hill, Thomas Hough, George Hen, Edmund Hodgkinson, John Horrocts, Joseph Handford, John Heap, Edward Hajlam, Richard Paul Joddrell, Rickards hice, Francis Jffop, James Northage James, Walter Jessop, Charles Johnson, Edward Jackson, Matthew Johnson, Thomas Knowlton, Adam Killer, Michael Kean, William Jeffery Lockett, Richard Leaper, William Longsdon, Thomas Lowe, Henry Lowe, Thomas Thomas, William Lane, Edward Miller Mundy, Francis Noel Clark Mundy, Francis Mundy, Thomas Mather of Bonsall, Edward Mather, Thomas Mather, Joseph Mather, John Madkin, John Milward, Robert Millington, George Storer Mansfield, Thomas Marshall, John Leaper Newton, Robert Newton, William Newton, James Norman, John Nuttall, George Nuttall, Samuel Nuttall, William Nuttall, Thomas Newton, George Oldham, James Oakes, George Oakley, Henry Peach Cleric, George Pearson, James Poyzer, Peter Peal, Samuel Richardson Radford, Henry Richardson, Samuel Richardson, Benjamin Rickards, Thomas Roebuck, Samuel Rowland, George Benson Strut, Henry Strut, William Strut, William Snowden, Joseph Sandars, Joseph Sandars junior, John Sandars, Robert Sykes, James Swettenham, Robert Simpson, John Simpson, William Slat bam, William Statham the younger, Ifiac Statham, Thomas Saxelby, Richard Smith, John Smith, William Sherwin, John Smedley, Thomas Stnedley, William Smedley, Francis Smedley, Samuel Saint, Richard Smith of Stone Bridge, John Snibson, Thomas Swinburne, John Toplis, Ralph Toplis, William Taylor, William Toplis, John Tempejl, Jarvis Turner, Henry Turner, Jervis ‘Turner the younger, Thomas i urner, Charles Upton, John Udall, Thomas Udall, Thomas Vickers, Edward Ward, Adam Wolley, Robert Wood, William Winrow, Charles Wright, Francis Walker, John Wright, William Wright, Joseph Wil-jhaw, William While, Humphrey Winfon, John Witliamfon, Samuel Williamson, James Teomans, and their Succedors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for making, maintaining, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road, and for carrying this Act into Execution; and that when and as often as any of the said Trustees herein-betbre named, or to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die, or by Writing under their Hands shall refuse to ad in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees from Time to Time to elect some fit Eerson to be a 'l’rustee in the room of every Trustee dying or refusing to act as aforesaid ( Ten Days publick Notice of meeting for every such Elediou

427

48° GEORGII III. Cdp.^i:; \

being given in some Newspaper published or circulated in the said County, and also upon the several Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then Handing acfofs or upon the said Road-) and every Person who shall be so elected a Trustee shall be joined with the surviving or remaining Trustees, and is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act to all Intents and Purposes as if he had been appointed a Trustee in and by this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be Qualification capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act who shall keep 01 ru any Victualling House or House of publick Entertainment, or hold any Place of Profit under this Act, nor in any particular Cafe wherein he shall be personally interested; nor shall any Person be qualified to act as a Trustee unle s he shall at the Time of his acting be in his own Right or in the Right oi his Wife in the actual Possession and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the County of Derby, of the clear Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprises, or shall be Heir Apparent to a Person having such Estate of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate to the Amount of One thousand Pounds, nor (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation following, and giving Notice of the First Meeting of the Trustees herein-after mentioned) until he shall have taken and subscribed before any Two or more of the said Trustees (who are hereby authorized to administer the same) an Oath or Affirmation in the Words or to the Effect following, as the Case may require, that is to say,

4 T do swear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do

A solemnly affirm] that I truly and bond fide am in my own Right [or,

in Right of my Wife] in the actual Possession and Enjoyment [or,

4 Receipt] of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the County of Derby, of the clear Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds

above Reprises, or am possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the

Value of One thousand Pounds, or am the Heir Apparent of who

to the belt of my Knowledge is seised of a Real Estate of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in the County of Derby, of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprises. 4 So help me GOD.

And if any Person not being qualified as aforesaid, shall nevertheless pre- Penalty on fume to act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay not

the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue ‘ for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is so qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act; provided nevertheless that such Acts and Proceedings as shall have been done done and performed by any such Person, touching the Execution of this before Con-Act, previous to his being convicted of the Offence before mentioned, 10 be shall notwithstanding such Conviction be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act: Provi- Mortgagee! ded always, that any Mortgagee or Assignee of any Mortgage or other miy atU Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of any of the Tolls 3 granted

428

Trustees in Commission of the Peace may act as Justices;

Trusteei may sue or be filed in the Name of their Clerk.

Clerk to be repaid his Expences.

Time and

JPace of First Alerting of Trustees.

Trustees to

bear their oven Excuses,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. it.

granted by this Act, or receiving Interest thereout for the fame* shall not on that Account be deemed unqualified to act as a Trustee; and that such J rustees as arc or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Derby may act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act notwithstanding their being Trustees

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, or in the Name of any one of the said Trustees, and that no such Action shall abate or be discou-tinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name or against whom the same shall be brought, or by the Act or Default of such Person, without the Consent of the said Trustees at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose; and such Clerk, Treasurer, or Trustee shall be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Cods, Damages, and Charges as by the Event of every such Proceeding he shall be put to or become chargeable with by Occasion of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall meet at the Red Lion Inn in Wirksworth aforesaid, as soon after this Act shall have received the Royal Assent as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Ten of the Clod; in the Forenoon and One of the Clock in the Afternoon, of which Meeting Notice shall be given in some Newspaper circulated in the said County of Derby, at leait Seven Days before such Meeting, by One or more of the said Trustees, at which Time and Place the said iYuftees shall proceed to the Election of Clerk, and to the Execution of this Act, and adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and afterwards meet there or at any other Place upon or within Five Miles from some Part of the said Road, as the said Trustees attending the said Meeting' shall think most convenient, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act into Execution; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting a sufficient Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn to another Day ( Two Trustees being deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only) or in case the said Trustees at any Time assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, the Clerk to the Trustees shall by Notice in Writing to be affixed on all the Toll Gales or Turnpikes then erected on the said Road, and to beinferted in some New spaper circulated in the said County at least 'l'en Days before the next Meeting, appoint the Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meeting was held or was appointed to be held, or at some other convenient House within the Distance above mentioned from the said Road, on that Day Three Weeks from the Day on which such Meeting was held or W'as appointed to have been held; and in case the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice or by any Means shall be prevented from giving Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said , j rustees (although not a (Tumbled at a Meeting) at any Time or'limes after the Space of Ten Days after such Refusal or Neglect or Prevention of such C.lerk or Clerks, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed and inferred in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the said Trustees to meet at some convenient House in or near the said Road, upon that, Dav Three Weeks after the Date of such last mentioned Notice, and that the said Trfif-tees at all their Meetings shall defray their own F.xpsnces: Provided always, that no Act, Order, or Proceeding of the said Trustees

+ 29

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

/hall be deemed to be valid unless done, made, or had, at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act (except in Cafes herein provided for), and that no such Act, Order, or Proceeding shall be done, made, or had, unless a Majority of the Trustees present shall concur therein; and that all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings so done, made, or had, shall have the fame force and effect as if the fame were done, made, or had by or before all the Trustees; nor shall any Order or Appointment made at a Meeting of the said Trustees be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Notice in Writing specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, be affixed upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected by virtue of this Act, and also inserted as aforesaid, at least Fifteen Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor unless a Majority of Three-fourths of the Trustees present at such Meeting shall decide in Favour of such Revo* cation or Alteration.

V. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees, it shall at any Time be thought necessary by any Three of more of them that an earlier Day cf Meeting should be appointed than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, the said Clerk by an Order in Writing, signed by Three or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting in the Manner before directed (such Time not being less than Seven Days after such Notice); and all Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meeting shall be as valid as they would have been in case the Trustees had met in pursuance of an Adjournment.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all the Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk for that Purpose, and signed by all or the major Part of the Trustees present at the Meeting at which each respective Order or Proceeding shall be made or had, or by their Chairman or Clerk by their Order, and that every such Book shall be open at all seasonable Times to the Inspection of any of the said Trustees, who shall be at Liberty to take Copies thereof or Extrafls therefrom without Fee or Reward; which said Entries duly signed as aforesaid shall be deemed Originals, and the fame or true Copies thereof shall be read and admitted as Evidence in Cafes of Appeal, and in all Suits and Actions in any Court whatsoever, touching any thing done in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may by Writing under their Hands nominate and appoint one or more (it Person or Persons to be a Clerk or Clerks, Treasureror Treasurers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and also such other Officers as they shall think necessary to employ in the Execution of this Act, and shall take such Security for the Execution of their respective Offices as they the said Trustees shall deem requilitc; and the said Trustees also may from Time to Time remove any such Clerk, Treasurer, Receiver, Collector, Surveyor, and other Officers as they shall fce Occasion, and appoint others in case of such Removal or of Death; and that out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, such Allowances and ConTpensations shall be made to the several Officers to be appointed as aforesaid, and to such other Persons as shall be a (Tilling m

[Lee. S3* Per.J 5 Q and

Meet»ftgs on

Emergencies.

Ord* rs and Proceedings to be entered in Books, and lie admitted a a Evidence,

Trustees may

appoint

blfictrs.

430

Officers to ac ount on Oath.

48* G E ORGII III. Cap. 2 r.

and about the Execution cf this Act, as to the said Trustees shall seem proper.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers and all other Persons shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, deliver to such Trustees or to such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands, of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, collected, or received by virtue or in confcqucrxe of this Act, and how and to whom and for what Purpose the fame or any Part thereof hath been disposed of, together with proper Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and shall verify the Accounts upon Oath; and such Officers and Persons shall and they are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of such Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their Hands, to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the lame; and if any of the said Officers or Persons shall rclufe or neglect to render or give such Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof on Oath (which Oath the said Trustees or any One or more of them is or are hereby authorized and empowered to administer) or to pay the Balance remaining in their Hands when thereunto required in Manner aforesaid, or if any such Officers or Persons shall refuie or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Four Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, all Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in their respective Custody or Power in anywil'e relating to the Execution of this Act or to the said Road, and Complaint shall be made of any such Neglect or Refusal to any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Derby, by any One or more of the said 1 rustees, or by any Person or Persons on their Behalf, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants to cause such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons to be brought before him, and upon his, her, or their appearing or not appearing (except for some reasonable Excuse, and having been first duly summoned) to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account or Accounts, if produced, in such Manner as the fold Trustees might have done; and if upon the Settlement of such Account or Accounts, or upon the Confession of the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons against whom any such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected or received shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if Goods or Chattels shall not be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place by him appointed for that Purpose (except as aforesaid) or appearing shall refuse or neglect to give and deliver to the said Justice an Account or Accounts of the Receipts and Payments as aforesaid, or to verify the Truth of any such Accounts, or of the Articles thereof upon

Oath

431

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Oath as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Accounts respectively, or the Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings in his, her, or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act or to the Road in anywise, then and in either of the Cafes aforesaid, the said justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons to the Common Gaol of the repeftive County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he, she, or they shall have delivered in and settled his, her, or their Accounts, and have verified the fame upon Oath, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid the Money which shall appear to be in his, her, or their respective Hands, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale as shall in that respect have been made; or until he, she, or they shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the fame, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same (and which Composition the said Trustees are hereby in such Case empowered to make) or until he, she, or they shall deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees: Provided always, that no Person shall be committed for want of sufficient Distress for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

IX. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, Trustees to Absconding, Misbehaviour, or Absence of any Collector or Receiver of the Jf.arJorary Tolls, any Five or more of the said Trustees, though not at a Meeting ot Collector, the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act, shall and may lawfully discharge such Collector or Receiver who shall become incapable, abscond, miffiehave, or absent himself as aforesaid, and nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls in the Head of such Collector or Receiver so dying, absconding, or being discharged as aforesaid, and to continue until the next Meeting of the said Trustees, which Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects as the Person who shall die, abscond, or be discharged would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls who shall at any Time be discharged from his said Office by the Trustees by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children,

Family, or other Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die, abscond, absent himself, or be discharged, or any other Person shall refuse or neglect to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building to be erected or set up by virtue of this Act, or the Garden or other Appurtenances belonging thereto, for the Space of Four Days after Demand thereof made, and Notice in Writing given or left on the Pre-jnifes for that Purpose, by or under the Hands of any Three or more of the said Trustees or their Clerk or Treasurer, the and in any of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer within the said County, with such Affillance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day Time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein and the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, together with his or their Goods, our of the fame, and to put the said Trustees, or any of

6 them,

432

Power to rest Tin npiko. and Toll Uoufci.

Tulls.

Sunday Tull.

Manner of Recovery.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.1.

them, or their Clerk or their new appointed Officer, into the Possession thereof with the Appurtenances.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may erect and set up or cause to be erected and set up Two or more Toll Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, and acrof> the said Road, provided that One Toll only be taken thereat (except as herein-after mentioned) and all'o may erect and set up or cause to be erefled and set up across or on the Sides or Side of any Part of the said Road, and also across aiy Lane or Way leading into the fame, as many Side Gates or Turnpikes as they shall think proper, with a Toll House and proper necessary Buildings, Gardens, Conveniences, and Fences near to each such Gate or Turnpike, whether across the said Road or on the Side thereof (except also as herein-after mentioned) and that the respective Tolls following shall be demanded and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Trullees shall from Time to Time appoint, at each of the said Gates or Turnpikes; that is to say.

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Sociable, Chariot, Curricle, Calash, Hearse, Chaise, Phaeton, Whisky, or Chair, drawn by more than Two Horses or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling; or drawn by One Horse or other Beall of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence.

And for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches, and drawn by One or more Horse or Horses or other Beall or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Three-pence per Horse:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of a less Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by One or more Horse or Horses or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence per Horse:

And for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Three Halfpence:

And for every Score of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any less Number:

And for every Score of Calves, Swine, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any less Number.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Toll Gatherers or Collectors on the said Road and they are hereby authorized and required, on each and every Su day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock on the Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock on the Sunday Night) throughout the Year, to demand and take for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Beall, drawing or not drawing, and for every Drove of Oxen, Cows, Neat Cattle, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs or Swine, Double the Toll or Sum which may be demanded or taken for the fame respectively on any other Dav by virtue of this A cl; which said respective Tolls shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trullees; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the fame or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls, by himself, herself, or themselves, or taking such Assistance as he, she, or they shall think necessary.

433

4.8* GEORGII III. Cap. ill

to seize or d 1ftrain any Horse or Ilorfes, or other Beasts or Cattle upon which such f Toll is. by this Act imposed, together with their Bridles, Baddies, Geers, ITamefs, or Accoutrements; and if such Tolls and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so seizing and distraining shall and may fell the Iiorfe or horses, Cattle or Things so seized or distrained, or a fufUcient Part thereof, returning the Overplus (if any be) and-what shall remain unfold on Demand to the Owner thereof, after fuqh Tolls and the reasonable Charges occasioned by such Seizure and Distress shall be deducted and paid; and that all the Tolls and Monies so to be collected and levied, and the Money borrowed or to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, and all other Monies arising by virtue thereof, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of to and for the several Uses, Intents and Purposes, and in such Manner as is herein mentioned.

XII. Provided always, and be it. further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Charges of keeping any Distress or Distreffes, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person dif-training to retain the fame, or the Money arising by Sale thereof, as the Case may happen, until the Quantity of Tills due, and Charges of Seizure, distraining, keeping, and felling such Distress or Distreffes, shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the said County, who upon Application made to him for that Purpose shall examine the said Matter on Oath of the Parties, or any credible Wirncfp or Witnesses, and determine the Quantity of the Tolls due, and all els the Charges of such Seizure, Distress, Keeping, and Sale, and glGa of the Collector's Attendance for that Purpose on the said Justice, all,which,.Sums so determined or assessed shall be paid to the said Collector or other Person' before he shall be obliged to return any Distress or the Overplus Money after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in Cafe any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls or any of them, or to the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, the Person or Persons appointed to col left the said Tolls, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be deemed to be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of their being so appointed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every Collector or Receiver of the Tolls on the said Road shall and is hereby required to place his Christian and Surname, painted on a Board in White Letters on a Black Ground in fair legible Characters, of such Size as the said Trustees shall direct, in the Front of the Toll House where he shall be stationed to collect the said Tolls, immediately on his coming on Duty, and shall continue the fame so placed during the whole Time he shall be upon such Duty; and if any Collector or Receiver of the said Toiis shall not place such Board as aforesaid in the Manner and during the Time aforesaid, or shall demand or take a greater Toll from any Person than he shall be authorized to do by virtue of this Act, or shall refute to permit or suffer, or in any wise hinder any Person or Persons from reading such Christian or Surname when placed up % aforesaid, or shall refule to tell his Christian or Surnafne to

ffiper.2 5 R any

Dilutes concerning Tolls to be lcttled by a Justice.

Collectors of Tolls comp-tent Witnesses-

Collectors of Tolls to p"t their Names Front of the Toll Houses.

434

Application of the Money.

Trfls to be taken but once for passing and rcpaDing.

Tolls may be ^impounded

Trustees may letlen the Tolls and raise them again if necesscry.

Penalty for disposing of Tickets to avoid the Tolls.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

any Person or Persons who shall demand the fame upon having paid the said Tolls, or shall give a false Name upon such Demand, every such Collector or Receiver shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence.

XV. And be it further enacted, That out of the Monies to be received by virtue or to be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, the said Trustees shall first pay and discharge the Expences of procuring and passing this Act, and the Remainder of such Monies shall from Time to Time be applied in erecting Toll Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and in making, repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Road and Works, and in defraying the necessary Expences attending the Execution of this Act, and in paying the Interest and Principal of any Money to be borrowed by virtue hereof, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever, except as herein-after mentioned.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person who shall have paid One whole Toll for passing through any Toll Gate or Turnpike, to be erected by virtue of this Act, shall be subject to any Toll for returning through such Toll Gate'or Turnpike once on the same Day before Twelve of the Clock at Night, but shall so return Toll-free.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, as they shall see convenient, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at any one Time, with all or any of the Inhabitants of the several Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, or Places near to or through which the said Road hereby directed to be made and repaired doth lead for the passing of their Horses and other Beasts or Cattle through all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, which Composition Money shall be paid in advance, and in Default thereof the Composition or Agreement with the Person or Persons making such Default shall be void.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at any Meeting to be held for that Purpose (whereof Twenty-one Days Notice shall be fixed in Writing upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected by virtue of this Act) may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to reduce all or any of the said Tolls hereby granted, and to order such Tolls so reduced to be collected and received in such Manner, Parts, and Proportions as they shall think fit, so as such Reduction be no Prejudice to and be with the Consent of Three-fourth Parts in Value of the several Persons who shall be entitled to the Money then due on the Credit of the said Tolls at the Time of such Reduction; and the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered to raise the said Tolls again or any Part thereof, so as the fame do not exceed the respective Rates herein-before granted; and such Tolls so reduced and raised again respectively, shall be collected, recovered, and applied in the same Manner as the Tolls herein-before granted are directed to be collected, recovered, and applied.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall dispose or offer to dipose of 2ny 'Ticket to any Person or Persons in order to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, any such Person or Persons receiving and making use of the fame, shall respectively forfeit any Sum

, i not

435

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

not exceeding Forty Shillings whereof One Moiety shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

XX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Exemption* Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Cattle or Carriages employed in from r°n‘ carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, Stone, Brick, Gravel, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Road, or for repairing the Highways in any Parisht or Place through which any Part of the said Road leads, or laden only with Dung, Marl, Soil, or other Manure (except Lime from the Thirty-first Day of October to the Thirtieth Day of April) to be used in manuring any Lands or Grounds, cr with Corn going to be ground or returning from being ground at Pojlern Mill for the private Ufe of the Occupiers of Farms and Lands in Shottls and Poftcrn aforesaid, and not for Sale, or with any Grass, Hay, Santfoin, Fodder, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, to be laid up in any of the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, Yards, or Premises of the Owners thereof for their own private Use and Consumption only, and not for Sale; nor for any Cattle drawing or Carriage going empty* or returning empty after being laden only with any Plough, Harrow, or other Implements of Husbandry; nor for any Horse or Horses or other Cattle going to or from Water, Plough, Pasture, or other Work in Husbandry, or from being (hoed or farried; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate going to or returning from his own private Church or other Place of Divine Wurship, or visiting his ftck Parishioners, or of or from any Person or Persons in any of the said Parishes or Places for passing through any of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes on Sundays, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated to or from his, her, or their re-speclive Parish Church or other usual Place of Religious Worship licensed according to Law, for the Purpose of attending or after having attended Divine Service thereat; or for any Cattle or Carriage conveying the Corpse or attending the Funeral of any Person to be interred in any of the said Parities or Places, or for any Horses or Carriages of whatever Description employed or to be employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding Mails of Letters and Exprcfies under the Authority of His Majesty's Poll Mailer General, or in returning back from conveying or guarding the fame; or for the Horses of Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for Horses,

Cattle, or Carriages attending them, or laden only with their Arms or Baggage, or employed in conveying any ftck, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; or for Horses or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or for any Coaches, Berlins, Landaus. Sociables, Chariots,

Curricles, Calalhes, Ckaifes, Phaetons, Whifkies, Chairs, or other Carriages, or Passengers on Horseback going to or returning from any Election of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to lerve in Parliament for the said County or Borough of Derby, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, rode in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Day* of Exercise, provided that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Ex-7 emption

436

Trustees may let the Tolls,

For letting Weighing Engine s.

Fnnbling the Trustee« to take Possessio» »f the Toll Houses when let to farm.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 31-

emption as aforesaid; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted from the whole or any Part of the several Tolls hereby authorized to be taken, not being entitled to the fame, such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees at any Meeting whereof Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given in Writing affixed upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected by virtue of this Act, and inserted in some Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, to let and demile or agree to let and demise the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, for any Term not exceeding Five Years, upon publick Bidding to the highest Bidder, and for the belt Price that can be gotten for the fame, payable at such Times and to such Person or Persons, and under such Conditions and Agreements, and with such Sureties for the Payment thereof a3 the said Trustees shall think fit; and the Money arising the reby shall be applied in such Manner as the Tolls so leased are directed to be applied.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees at any Meeting after such Notice, to let to farm either with or without the Tolls by this Act authorized to be taken, the Weighing Engines which may be erected by virtue of the said Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the additional Tolls and Duties granted and made payable thereat, for any Carriage which with its Loading shall weigh more than the Weight allowed by Law, provided that the said additional Tolls be let in the same Manner as the Tolls arising at the Toll Gates or Turnpikes are by this Act directed or prescribed to be let.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the said several and respective Tolls shall at any Time or Times during the Continuance of this Act be demised or let to farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let, or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, or Farmer or Farmers, shall be in arrear, by the Space of Ten Days on which the fame ought to be paid pursuant to the Agreement for letting the fame, then and in either of those Cafes, the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, although not assembled at a Meeting, or their Clerk or Treasurer or other Person authorized by Writing under the Hands of any Three or more of them as aforesaid, shall be at Liberty and they are hereby authorized to enter into and upon the Possession of the Toll House or Toll Houses, with the Buildings, Gates, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, so let as aforesaid, and to remove such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of the Tolls there payable; and that thereupon it shall be lawful for the said Trustees (if they shall think fit) to vacate and determine the Contradf or Agreement for leafing or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes (save as to the Covenants and Agreements for Payment of ths Rent or Rents thereby reserved) as if such Demise or Agreement had never been made; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees in

every

437

48° GEORG Ii iH. Cap.^t.

every such Case, to derr.ife or let to farm the said Tolls again to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be taken and collected, as if no former Contract or Agreement had been entered into relative thereto.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons owning or occupying any Land or Place near to the said Road, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons who shall have travelled on the said Road for the Distasjce of One hundred Yards, to pals through any Gate, Passage, Inclosure, or private Way with any Plorfes, Cattle, or Carriage; or if any Person or Persons shall pass through any such Gate, Passage, Inclosure, or private Way, with any Iiorle, Cattle, or Carriage, whereby tire Payment of any of the said Tolls or any Part thereof shall be avoided; or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently pass through any such Turnpike or Toll Gate with any Iiorfe, Beall, or other Cattle without Payment of Toll; or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Cattle from any Carriage, or having passed through any such Turnpike or Toll Gate, shall afterwards add or put an additional Horse or Horses, Bead or Bealls, to such Carriage with Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls or any Part thereof; or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near the said Road any Cattle or Carriage, or shall unload any Goods from or out of any Carriage, with such Intent as aforesaid; or in any other Manner evade or attempt to evade the Payment of the said Tolls or any Part thereof, every Person lo offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any bum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trullees from Time to Time to take down and remove any Toll Gate or Turnpike Buildings, and other Conveniences erected or provided by virtue of this Act, and to discontinue or to set up the fame again in or on the Side of any other Part of the said Road, except as aforesaid; provided nevertheless, that no Toll Gate or Turnpike to be erected or let up by virtue of this Act, shall at any Time after the same shall be lo set up, be taken down or removed to any other Place, except by Order of the said Trullees at a Meeting convened for that Purpose, and unless Notice in Writing specifying the Purpose of such Meeting, be affixed upon all the Turnpikes then erected by virtue of this Act, and also inferred in some Newspaper circulated in the said County, Twenty-one Days at least before such Meeting, any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all the said Toll Gates, Turnpikes, and Toll Houses and other Buildings to be ercbted or provided upon or at the Side of or near the said Road, and of the Materials for building or altering the fame respectively, and all Materials and other Things which shall be provided, collected, or made use of for making, repairing, or improving the said Road, or for executing this Act, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trullees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring Actions in the Name or Names of any one or more of them, or of their Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, ox to prefer Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall Heal, take away or damage any of such Toll Gates, Turnpikes, Toll Houses or other Buildings, Materials, or other Things as

[Lee. Ss? Prr.] 5 S aforesaid.

Penalty on

Evasion of Tolls.

Power to remove Gates and Toll Hoafes.

T tirnpikesand Toll houses veiled in Trullees.

43&

48° GEORGII III. Cap. $1.

aforesaid, or disturb the said Trustees or any of them, or any of their Collectors or other Officers in the Possession thereof, or of any of them.

Power to hor- XX

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be laws ul for the

rdw Money. Trustees, or any Three or more of them, from Time to Time to borrow

and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, as they shall think fit, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act or any Part or Parts thereof, and by any W riting under their Hands and Seals to assign over the said Tolls, and the said Toll Gates and Toll Houses with the Appurtenances (the Charges of such Alignments to be pa d out of the said Tolls) to any Person or Persons for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed with lawful Interest, as. the said Trustees shall think proper; which said Money so borrowed shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as the Tolls are herein directed to be applied and disposed of, and that such Assignments shall be in the Form or to the Effect following; videlicet,

T)Y virtue of an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of

His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here itifert the Title

of this Act] We of the Trustees for executing the said Act,

e in consideration of the Sum of to the Treasurer of the said Road in Hand paid, do grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto

‘ his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportions

of the Tolls arising from the said Road, and of the Turnpikes and Toll

Houses for collecting the fame, as the said Sum of doth

‘ or shall bear to the whole Sum due and owing on the Credit thereof,

to be had and holden from the Day of in the

Year of our Lord for and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of with Interest at the

‘ Rate of per Centum per Annum, shall be sooner paid and

satisfied.’

Mongages to And Copies of such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be be entered in kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, and which said Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused

and inspected by the said Trustees or Mortgagees, or any Person or Persons on their Behalf without Fee or Reward; and every Person to whom any Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time transfer his or her Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit to the said Mortgage, and the Principal and Interest thereby secured to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement on the Back of such Security, or by any Writing under his or her Hand, before one credible Witness, in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect, (videlicet),

T Do transfer this Mortgage [or, a certain Mortgage, as the Case may be] with all my Right and Title to the Principal thereby secured, and to all Interest now due upon the fame, unto

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day of

Form of Transfer.

Which

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 3i.

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer within Twenty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before mentioned Book or Books, containing the Numbers, Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein transferred, for which the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner aiTign or transfer the fame again, and so toiies quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons (except the Person and Persons to whom the same shall be last assigned' to make void, release, or discharge the original Securities or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer shall be made by virtue of this Act, shall be in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of the Time of advancing any Sum or Sums of Money on such Mortgages or Mortgage, or of the Dates thereof respectively.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be ^rufte s n^y and are hereby fully empowered to make the Road by this Act intended Roads to be made, and for that Purpose to use, turn, divert, alter, or widen any Part of the present Road, and from Time to Time to contract with any Person or Persons for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands or Hereditaments lying on the Side or Sides of or near to any Part or Parts of the said Road, provided that such Part or Parts of the said Road as shall be so widened, turned, or altered, be not thereby made wider than the Breadth of Sixty Feet including the Ditches, and to pay for the said Lands and Hereditaments respectively by and out of the l olls and other Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic or Corporate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust,

Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and other Trustees, for and on behalf of Infants, Femes Covert, and to and for all other Persons whomsoever, to contract and agree with the said Trustees for the absolute Sale or Exchange of such Lands or Hereditaments, and of their respective Estates and Interests therein, and may and are hereby enabled to convey such Lands to the said Trustees, or to permit them to take and use the fame for #~the Purposes aforesaid; and all Contrafts, Sales, and Conveyances, that shall be made as aforesaid, shall be valid and binding upon all Persons and for all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; but this Act shall not extend to the taking down of any Dweliinghouse or other Building, or to the taking in of any Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House or any inclosed Ground planted or set apart as a Nur-fery for Trees, or the Scite of any Manufactory, or Reservoirs, Railways, Timber Yards, Coal Yards, or other inclosed Repositories thereto belonging, without the Consent of the Owner or Proprietor thereof.

XXIX. And whereas a Map or Plan describing the Line of the said For rest.-ain-Road, and the Lands through which the fame is to be carried, together uf‘

with a Book of Reference containing a LIII of the Names of the Owners deviatin’ be-and Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited at the Office of the y°^nac"'^"n Clerk of the Peace for the County of Derby: Be it therefore enacted, That the 1 ini de-9 the £,ribetn !ht

Plan, &c.

440

Trustees may make the Road through Grounds although the Owner1* Names are not in the Book of Reference-

Tiu^ees may purch.de.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.yL.

the said Map or Plan. and Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the end that all persons may at any seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the fame, and to take Copies or Extracts therepf at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of such Copies pr Extracts of the said Map or Plan find Book of Reference; and that the said Trustees in making the said Road, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards of Three Feet each, from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing, of the Person or Persons, Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to make the said Road into, through, across or over the several I.ands or Grounds of any Person cr Persons who is or are, or may be Owner or Owners of Land over which the fame is set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or mere Justices of the Peace for the said County, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever entitled to or interested in any Lands, Messuages, Buildings, or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees shall think necessary to be purchased for the widening, turning, or altering, any Part of the said Road, shall upon Application to them or any of them for that Purpose made, refuse or neglect to treat with such Trustees for the Sale of such Lands, Messuages, Buildings, or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damages to be by them sustained in consequence of the Excution of this Act; or if by reason of their or any of their Absence or distant Residence from the Lands intended to be purchased, he or they cannot be conveniently applied to or treated with for that Purpose; or if on treating, he or they shall not agree with the said Trustees for the Price of such Land, then and in either of such Cases the said Trustees may and are hereby empowered, by a Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, under their Hands and Seals, to require the Sheriff of the said County of Derby, or his Deputy, to empan-nel, summon, and return a Jury of Twelve honest and disinterested Men of the said County to be and appear before the said Trustees at a certain Time and Place within the said County, to be specified in the said Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts respectively; then and there to assess and ascertain the Prices and Value of the Lands intended or necessary to be purchased; and the said Sheriff or his Deputy are hereby required to einpannel, summon, and return the said Jury accordingly, giving to each Juryman Three Days Notice of the Time and Place of his Attendance; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered to summon Witnesses, and such Jury and Witnesses are hereby required to attend accordingly; and the said Trustees having caused Fourteen Days Notice in Writing under their Hands to be given to the Person or Persons entitled to the said Lands and Hereditaments intended to be purchased, or to be left at their 1 aft or usual Place or Places of Abode, or at any Place or Places of Abode of the respective Tenant or Tenants in Possession of such Lands, thereby setting

forth

441

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

forth the Natures, Situations, and Quantities of such Lands and Hereditaments, and the Time when and Place where the said Jury are to meet to assess and to ascertain the Value thereof, they the said Trustees may proceed to enquire by Twelve of the said Jurors on their Oaths, of the Value of such Lands and Hereditaments; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurors, the Sheriff or his Deputy shall return other indifferent Persons of the Standers by, or that may be conveniently had for that Service, to make up the Number of Twelve, and to which Jurors all Parties interested shall have their lawful Challenges when they come to be sworn; and the said Trustees having given the Nature of the Inquiry in charge to the said Jury that shall be sworn, may and are hereby empowered to examine all proper Persons on their Oaths concerning the Nature and Value of the said Lands and Hereditaments; and if needful and requisite, to cause the Jury sworn to view the said Lands and Hereditaments, and to take such other Measures to inform themselves and the Jury sworn concerning the Nature and Values of the said Lands and Hereditaments, as they shall think proper; and the said Jury being so informed, shall by their Verdict assess and ascertain the Values of the respective Lands that shall have been given them in charge to inquire of; and the said Trustees present at the taking of such Inquests, shall thereupon adjudge the Sum of Money assessed by the said Jurors as the Value of the Lands or Hereditaments to be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to the said Lands or Hereditaments; and such Findings of the Juries and Judgements of the said Trustees shall be finally binding and conclusive to all Infants, Femes Covert, and other Persons whomsoever anywise interested in the said Lands or any Part thereof; and if any such Sheriff or his Deputy shall refuse or neglect duly to obey any Warrant or Precept of the said Trustees, or to do any Act or Matter of his Office relating to the Premises, or if any Juryman so summoned as aforesaid shall not appear (except for some reasonable Excuse to be allowed by such Trustees) or appearing shall refuse to be sworn, or if sworn shall not find his Verdict concerning the Matters that shall have been given in charge; or if any Witness, being summoned to appear and give Evidence to the said Trustees and Juries, shall not appear (except for some reasonable Excuse) or if appearing shall refuse to be sworn, or being one of the People called Quakers, to affirm, and thereupon to give Evidence concerning the Matters aforesaid, every such Sheriff, Deputy, Juryman and Witness, shall for every such Refusal, Neglect, or Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds.

Conveyances to be registered in a Bosk.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances of Lands and Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, and Memorials of all the Verdicts of Juries and Judgments of the Trustees concerning the Value thereof, which shall be ascertained by the Juries, shall be entered in some Book or Books of the said Trustees, and that after the Execution of such Conveyances, and giving such Judgements of the said Trustees, and after Payment or Tender of the Consideration Monies mentioned in such Conveyances, or if the Monies assessed and adjudged to be the Value of any Lands, the Values whereof shall be assessed or ascertained by any Jury or Juries to the Person or Persons entitled to the fame, or in case of want of Opportunity to tender, or of Refusal to accept the said Monies when tendered, then on leaving the fame with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Derby or his Deputy, for the Use or L7fes of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to enter \Loc. Per. J 5 T upon

*4*

Expences of the Jut? and Witnesses, how to be paid.

Truleei may fell.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

ttpon the said Lands and Hereditaments, and the same to add or turn into a Highway; and the said Lands or Hereditaments shall from thenceforth for ever afterwards be deemed, taken, and used as a public Highway or public Highways to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give and deliver a Verdictt or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees before the summoning and returning the said Jury, then and in such C.afe the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees respectively out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act; and if such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Rights, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the said County, not interested in the Matter in question (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame at a Time and Place to be by him appointed, after summoning the Parties interested therein to attend him for that Purpose) shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and paid for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Money shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the same shall not be paid on Demand after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for recovering of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, That in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall by reason of Absence have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to sell and dispose of any Land which they may have purchased over and above what may be necessary for the Purposes of this Act; and also such Piece or Pieces of Land as shall have been used for any Public Highway which may be rendered unnecessary by the making of the said intended Road, and authorized by this Act to be (topped up, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find most convenient and advantageous to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the fame; provided that the said Trustees, before they shall sell and dispose of any Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, shall offer the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have been purchased; or where the same shall have been rendered useless by the flopping up of any Road or Roads as aforesaid, then to the Person or Persons whole Lands shall adjoin thereto; and in case such Person or Persons respectively

3 shall

443

4B° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

shall not then and thereupon agree (except with respect to and on account of the Price thereof as herein-after mentioned) or shall refuse (except with respect to and on account of the Price thereof) to purchase or re-purchase the fame respectively, of which Offer, Non-agreement, and Refusal of, an Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery (who is hereby empowered to administer the same) by some Person or Persons not interested in the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, {fating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and was not then and thereupon agreed to or was refused, shall be sufficient Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing or re-purchasing the fame, and he, she, or they, and the said Trustees shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case such Price or Prices shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner herein-before directed with respect to the disputed Value of Lands to be purchased by the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as hereinbefore directed with respect to such Purchases made by the said Trustees, mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees as aforesaid, shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act; but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Non-application of such Money.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as in this Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the fame shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be

inverted

Application of Compensation where exceeding aool.

444'

Application where the Compensation does not exceed 2 0 i. but shall be above aol.

Application vi here the Money is less than »o 1.

In case ornot mak ng ut Titles.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Ihree Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in cafe such Purchase*or Settlement were made.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, or belonging to any Corporation or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be lei's than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the fame shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Party) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so fat as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered,

then

48° GEORGII III. Cav.% r. 445

then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Truf- Or it' Pi-rfons

tees, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of

Money so awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name Ch.ui: Money

and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of P»j_d iut

Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties inte- 'L

reited in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the mJ Subject to the

subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of

Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Chancery,on Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof or

by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary

way of Proceeding or other wise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and in vested in the Public Funds; or to order

Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to

the respective Ellate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons

making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises

as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of

Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such

Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for

whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall

pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be Title, paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in PofieiTion of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest herein.

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason The Court at of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation -

entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased mentor Ex-5 under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be PeuCfS-required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in purfu-aace of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem [Esc. Per ] 5 U reasonable,

44^ 4* GEORG 11 111. Oap.31.

reasonable, together with the necessary Colls and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, ^ho shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Hoad; to b:

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any

flopped up. Three or more of them, shall and they are hereby authorized and required, immediately after the said intended Road shall be completed, to flop up and discontinue, or cause to be hopped up and discontinued, a certain Lane leading from Duff eld towards Farnah, between the South ealhvardly Corner of an Inclosure belonging to John Balguy, Esquire, called Scarf-dale, and the Place at which the said Lane will be crossed by the said intended Road; also a certain other Lane from Duff eld towards Wingley between a Barn belonging to William Barber, Clerk, and a House belonging to Walter Ford; also such Part of a Lane called Sbottle Lane, as lies between the said Turnpike Road in Idaigdcbay and the Place where the said intended Road will communicate with the said Lane; also a certain Bridle Road leading out of Windley Lane near the said House, belonging to the said Walter Ford, and proceeding from thence by a Mill belonging to William Winrow to Duff.eld; and also a certain other Bridle Road leading from the present Wirksworth Turnpike Road over the Estate of William Statham to the Foot of the Hill from Cow-house Lane to Turnditch, and from thence through Poflern over the Estate of his Grace the Duke of Devonshire into the public Highway at the Top of Windley (which said several Lanes and Bridle Roads will, if this Act should pass into a Law, become useless and unnecessary); and if any Person or Persons shall destroy or damage any Gate or Gates, Rail or Rails, Fence or Fences, which shall be erected or made for the Purpose of flopping up the said several Lanes and Bridle Roads, or any of them, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds together with all Charges and Expences attending the repairing or remaking such Gate or Gates, Rail or Rails, Fence or Fences.

Persons

chargeable to Statute W01 k to continue

so.

Justices to rlet ermine Dist'eicncci iouching

f-t tute Work.

XLII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law are liable to do Statute Work, or chargeable towards repairing and amending the Road hereby directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby, in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Sur, veyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at foine Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days alter the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law

subject

44-1

4r8° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be so paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, or appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Def ault of Payment, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that case every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid as if he had neg-ledted or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Parts of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer of the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road, and in case the said Surveyor or Sut veyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by|ditm done on the said Road or any Part thereof, and afo with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Placts in which the said Road shall lie 1 and

Tru!teer may

corr.jjomul lor Statute 'A oik.

44-8

T reliefs may dirtct Pruic-

cutuins at the £*pence of the lolls.

Eurv-yors may remove Annoyance*:, turn Watercoui fes, See.

Surveyors may make ( aufiwai s.

i ut Tra ns, fcc'

48° GEORGII III. Cap. i\.

and be situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road; which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer of the said Trustees in Advance, on or before the Tenth Day of May in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at a Meeting to be held whereof Notice in writing, specifying the Time and Place and the Purpose for which such Meeting is intended to be held, shall be affixed upon the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected by virtue of this Act, and inserted in lbme Newspaper circulated in the said County of Derby, at least Fourteen Days previous to the Time when such Meeting is appointed to be held, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered when and as often as they shall think fit and necdlary, to direct Indi&ments to be preferred and prosecuted at the Expence of the Revenues arising by-virtue of this AG against the Inhabitants of all or any of the Parishes or Places through which the said Road does or shall pass, and against the Hundred liable to repair Bridges, who shall have neglected or refused respectively to repair the same.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Persons as he or they shall direct or appoint (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order from the said Trustees for that Purpose) to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part of the said Road by Filth, Dung, Allies, Rubbish or otherwise, and to turn any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains running into, along, or out of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof; and to open, scour, and cleanse any Watercourses and Ditches adjoining to the said Road, and make the same as deep and as large as he or they shall think proper and necessary; and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bullies growing on the said Road, or in the Hedges or Banks adjoining thereto, and within Five Yards of the Centre thereof; and to take and carry away the fame, in case the Owner or Owners of the Pixmifes shall neglect to remove the fame; and to cut down, lop or top and cany away such Trees or Bullies as aforesaid; or to open, scour, or cleanse, such Watercourses or Ditches, or to remove such other Annoyances, for the Space of TenDays next afterNotice in Writing given for that Purpose under the Hand or Hands of such Surveyor or Surveyors; and the Charges thereof (to be settled by the said Trustees) shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owner or Owners, and the same shall be recovered in such Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be recovered; and if after Removal of any of the said Annoyances any Person shall again oft’end in the like Kind, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLVI. And be it further enaGcd, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, by Order of the said Trustees, to make or cause to be made Footways or causeways in and upon or by the Side of the said Road, and to erect, fupnort. and repair Arches and Watercourses upon

or

449

4.8’ GEORGII III. Cap. 31/

or under the said Road contiguous or advantageous thereto, and also to cut and make any other Drains through any Lands lying contiguous to the said Road; and also to make or cause to be made a Road through the Grounds adjoining any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Road (not being the Ground whereon any House or Houses or other Buildings ft'and, or a Garden, Orchard, Park, or Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any House or inclosed Ground planted and let apart as a Nursery for Trees) to be made use of by all Passengers, Cattle, Carriages, and otherwise as a Public Highway, whilst the old narrow and ruinous Road is widening or repairing, and till it shall be convenient and fafefor Passengers Making _Sat»-and Carriages to pass thereon, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the or 1 x

Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds respectively wherein or whereon any such Works shall be done, for the Damages which such Owners and Occupiers respectively shall or may sustain thereby, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees; and in case of any Difference concerning the same between such Owners or Occupiers and the said Trustees, that then it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace or the major Part of them assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions for the said County of Derby, or at their Second Quarter Sessions at the farthest, to settle, adjudge, and determine, what Recompence shall be made to such Owners and Occupiers for the Damage they shall have sustained as aforesaid, which Determination shall be final.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said ^y'^Gra-Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall vei. etc.in appoint, to search for, dig, gather, and take away any Gravel, Furze* ^r^endj Heath, Sands, Stones, or other Materials for making or repairing the said without pay-Road, in and out of any River or Brook, or out of any Waste or Common >n? for the Grounds in any Parish or Place in or near which any Part of the said Road KiJjjVh/pita, shall lie, without paying any thing for such Materials, such Surveyor or etc. Surveyors levelling or causing to be levelled all such Holes and Pits, or otherwise causing the same to be raised or fenced off, where or from whence any such Materials shall be dug, gathered or taken away, in such Manner as that the same shall not be dangerous to any Cattle or Travellers whatsoever, and paying for the Damages done by landing or for going over or through any Lands, Grounds, or private Lanes or Roads for or with such Materials to be afcei tained as herein-after mentioned; and also that it shall a,so out of be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as private he'or they shall appoint, such Surveyor or Surveyors first having an Order order ot’the in Writing from the said Trustees for that Purpose, to search for, dig, Trustees, on gather and take, away such Materials in and out of the several Grounds of for any Person or Persons (not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Yard, Pad- tie ame’ dock, or planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground inclosed, planted, and set apart as a Nursery for Trees) paying such Rates for the Damages done to the Owners and Occupiers of such Gri nds where and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, and carrie 1 away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for the Repair of the said Road shall be carried, as the said Trustees shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference concerning the same, the Justices of the D Peaces to Peace or the major Part of them assembled at the next General Quarter the Quarter Sessions, or at the Second General Quarter Sessions at the farthest, to be Sessiom. holden for the said County of Derby, shall and may adjudge and determine the fame, from which Determination there shall be no Appeal.

45°

Surveyors not to carry away Materials out of private Grounds, without iv-ing a otice to the Occupiers.

Penalty on taking away Materials raised by Surveyors.

Roads to he measurrd and Milestones erected.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

XLVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any such Surveyors or other Person or Persons under the Authority of this Act, to get, take, and carry away any Materials for making or repairing the said Road from any inclosed Lands or Grounds until Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Owners or Occupiers of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Owner or Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees or any Two JulHces of the Peace acting for the said County of Derby, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Norice, the said Trustees or such Justices shall if they ihink meet, authorize such Surveyor or other Person to get, dig, take, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as to such Trustees or to such Justice shall seem proper; and if such Owner or Occupier shall (except for some reasonable Excuse) neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Owner or Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever shall take away any Materials which shall have been dug, gotten, or gathered for the Repair or Use of the said Road, or shall raise or carry away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made or opened for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Road, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working the rein, for the Space of Twenty Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials for his own Use and Benefit, not thereby injuring, obstructing, or increasing the Expence of working such Quarry or Pit for the Use of the said Road) every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause the said Road to be measured and Stones or Posts to be set up in or near the Sides thereof, at the Distance of one Mile from each other, denoting the Distance of every such Stone or Post from any Town or Place, as the said Trustees shall think proper, and shall also cause proper Direction Posts to be set up; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up or damage any of such Posts or Stones, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks which shall be inscribed thereon, and be thereof convicted before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby, either by the Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, such Person or Persons so offending shall respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each Stone or Post so wilfully broken, pulled up, obliterated, or defaced, to be levied and recovered as herein-after mentioned; and if any Person shall ride upon the Footv. ay adjoining to any Part of the said Road, or shall drive any Horse or other Beast or Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart or Carriage thereon, or shall cause any Damage to be done to any such Footway; or if the Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Posts or Stones erected for the Security of the said Footways, or drive the Wheel «f his Carriage against the fame, or on tire Side or Sides of the said Footways;

or

45r

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

or if any Person or Persons shall lay any Hay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing upon any Part of the said Road to be made into Manure, or shall scrape off the fame any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Road without the Consent of the Surveyor; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage in, upon, or on the Side of the said Road, either with or without any Horse or Eeaft harneifed or yoked thereto, or shall lay any Piece of 'l imber or any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever in any Part of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof (except in case of Accidents) to the Prejudice or Annoyance thereof, or of any Person or Persons travelling t. ! eon, and be convicted thereof by the Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One or m e Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby <which Oath the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and R uireu, upon Application made for that Purpose, to administer) every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for ev^ry such Offence, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for making, repairing, widening, altering, turning, or amending the said Road or any fart or Parts, thereof, or for doing any other Work to bi done in the Execution of this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper j and that all Contrafts and Agreements in Writing entered into pursuant to an Order made at any Meeting of the said Trustees, shall be binding on the said Trustees and their Successors, and also on all other Parties who shall sign the fame, his, her, and their Executors, and Administrators respectively; and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Party or Parties failing in the Execution of such Contrafts or Agreements.

LII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault, interrupt, or hinder, or cause or promote to be assaulted, interrupted, or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by them or any of them, or by the said I'ruilees employed in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LIII. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against this Act, may be transient Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers under this Act, be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyors or other Officers duly authorized by the Trustees, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence as aforesaid, and to convey him, her, or them before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing; and such Justice or Justices of the Peace respectively is and are hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the Conviction or Acquittal of such Offender or Offenders, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty or

Special

Trustees may contract for repauing the Road.

Penalty on obstructing the Execution of this Act.

Power to detain Person* guilty of Offences.

45 2 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Special Sessions to be holden for the Division or Place where Inch Offence or P.ffences be committed; and on such Conviction, or for want of sufficient Security, to commit the Person or Persons so offending to the House of Correction for the said County of Derby, for any Time not exceeding SLx Months, or until he, she, or they shall pay the Penalty by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, or shall give such Security as aforesaid.

ternv'ne'cer-" ^IV. And be it further enacted, That when any Penalty by this Act

tain Penalties. >mposed shall be incurred, or any Offence by this Act created shall have been committed, the Method of Proceeding in respect to which is not herein-before particularly directed, any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby may and he is hereby required, upon Complaint arid Information to him thereof, to summon before him the Person or Persons against whom such Complaint or Information shall be made, to answer the Matter thereof, and at the Time and Place appointed by such Summons, the Person or Persons complained or informed against appearing before the said Justice; or in case of his or their not appearing (except for some reasonable Excuse) Proof being made upon Oath before the said Justice of the personal Service of such rummons, or that a Duplicate or true Copy of the fame was left at the Dwelling House or last known Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, the said Justice may and is hereby required, w hether the said Person or Persons complained of or informed against do or do not appear, to proceed to examine the Merits of tuch Complaint and Information; and if such Offence or Offences shall be confessed by the Person or Persons so complained of and informed against, or be duly proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, such Justice may and is hereby required forthwith to convict such Offender or Offenders, and to adjudge him and them to pay such Penalty or Penalties as he or they shall be therefore liable unto by virtue of this Act; and if such Penalty or Penalties shall not be immediately paid, in case such Offender or Offenders appear personally to answer such Complaint or Information, or in case of his or their Non-appearance to answer such Complaint or Information, within Ten Days after Notice of such Conviction given to such Offender or Offenders, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or lall known Place of Abode, and Proof thereof and of the Non-payment of such Penalty or Penalties made to such Justice upon Oath, such Justice shall and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to cause the fame, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Complaint and Information, and of the Distress and Sale to be made pursuant to such Warrant, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders; and if sufficient Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders cannot be found to answer such Distress, then such Justice is hereby required by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal to cause such Offender or Offenders to be apprehended, and brought before him the said Justice; and in case such Penalty or Penalties, and the Costs and Charges of such Proceedings as aforesaid, to be settled as aforesaid, shall not be forthwith and immediately paid, such Justice is hereby required forthwith to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless the said Penalties, and such Colls and Charges as 5 aforesaid

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

«* ¥*

Cap. 32.

An Act to Continue the Term, and alter and enlarge

the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty,

for repairing the Road from Cromford Bridge to

Lang.'ey Mill, in the County of Derby.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign

of his present Majesty, King George the Third, intituled, dn 6 G. 3.

Act for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road c' leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the turnpike Road et or near Langley Mill, in the said County: And whereas an Act was pi(Ted, in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his present firefly, intituled ,c An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act 2(, G. 3. passed its the Sixth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, for repairing,'- c. 124. widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Cromford Bridge, in the County of Derby, to the Turnpike. Road at or near Langley Mill injh^ said County: And whereas great Progress hath been made Trcft»eshave in the Execution of the said Acts, and conficluable Sums of Money proceeded in' have been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, tho Execution which Money still remains due, together with a considerable oi the Aa,> Arrpar of Injured, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road be pffcctually amended, widened, turned, altered, improved, and kept in Repair, unU-fs the Term the said Acts be continued, and some of thp Powers thereof altered and enlarged": May it therefore please ['Luc. & Per.] 6 A Your

462

Term en-largeJ.

New Traf* tees.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and except such as are hereby varied, altered or repealed,) shall be and continue in full Force, and be executed for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, but subject, nevertheless, to the Amendments and Alterations herein contained, and which shall commence, and take effect upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be, and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money, now due and owing on the Credit, or on account of the said recited' Acts; and also of such other Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, and of this Act j and of all Interest now due, and to grow due for the fame respectively.

11. And be it further enacted, That Richard Arkwright, Richard Arkwright, the Youngerj Francis Agard, John Alsop, John Alsop, the Younger; William Aldridge, Sir Brook Boothby Baronet; John Batguy, the Younger; Joseph Bowmer, John Bowler, John Bacon, John Bourne, George Bownes, Henry Beftwick, Joseph Bowmer, Benjamin Bowmer, trhomas Bowmer, Lot Beardsley, William Booth, Joseph Bradley, D’ Ewes Coke, Clerk; John Carr, Clerk; 1 homas Carr, Clerk; Thomas Corn-tkwaite. Clerk; £>’Ewes Coke, the Younger; William Coke, John Coke, John Edward Carter, Thomas Charlton, Samuel Crompton, John Crompton, Charles Clayton, Francis Clay, Joshua Debanke, George Evans, Walter Evans, Edmund Evans, John Elfe, James Fletcher, Henry Fletcher, Jonathan Fletcher, William Goodwin, William Goodale, Thomas Green, Joseph Grammer, George Goodwin, Sir Henry Harpur Bart.; Francis Hurt, Winfield Holton, William Hurd, Clerk; William Hunter Hunter, Charles Vicars Hunter, John Cressy Hall, James Hall, John Hunt, Thomas Hunt, Joseph Hunt, Thomas Hill, William Harvey, William Jeff of, Joftas Jeff of, William Jeff of, the Younger; William Kirkland, Henry Kirkland, John Lowe, Francis Noel Clarke Mundy, Edward Miller Mundy, Henry Cafe Moorwood, Clerk; Robert Mason, Samuel Morrel, Samuel Milward, John Milward, Thomas Moss, James Marshall, the Younger; John Norman, John Nuttall, George Nuttall, Edmund Outram, Doctor in Divinity; Joseph Outram, the Younger; Benjamin Pearson, Thomas Pearson, John Radford, of Smalley; John Radford or Holbrook -, William Robinson, Samuel Roberts, John Redfern, Jacob Redfern, John Smith, Clerk; Robert Strelley, George Strutt, Thomas Saxton, Henry Strafford, Thomas Strafford, John Robert Sharpe, Benjamin Smith, the Younger; William Smith, Anthony Storer, John Spencer, John Storland, William Turbutt, William Turbutt, the Younger; Richard Burrow Turbutt, Clerk; John Toplis, James Turton, of Erich -, Thomas Travis, John T opham, James Turton, of Ripley, Charles Upton, Sir Robert Wtlmot, of Chaddefden, Baronet; Hugh Wood, John Wood, Clerk; Robert Wood, John Ward, Clerk; Thomas Ward, Clerk; Thomas Wcbjier, Clerk; Richard Ward, Clerk; Nathaniel Wright, Adam Woiley, George Woolley, Joan Wool-

h,

4^3

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

ley, John Woolley, the Younger; James Woolley, Daniel Woolley, William Wilson, Joseph Wilson, John Watbey, Charles Walker, John Walker, Joseph Wa/'s, Ja/per Wager, Joseph Wildsmith, William Wafs, John White,

George Young, and William Young, shall be, and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or elected in pursuance of the said former Acts, or either of them, for putting the fame and this present Act in Execution; and that the fan! Trustees hereby appointed, and their SuccefiTors, (being qualified according to the Directions of the said first recited Act,) shall be and are hereby empowered to act in the Execution of the said former Acts and this Act, as fully and effectually, to.all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been named in or appointed by virtue of the said former Acts, or either of them.

III. And whereas the Tolls now authorized to be taken on the Clanf-that

said Road are found insufficient for the Purposes of the said Acts, and n? more lhan this Act, be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said "taken

first recited Act as enads that no more than Two full Tolls shall be f,r patting demanded or taken of any Person or Persons for passing the same Day thrown all ihe with the lame Carriage or Cattle through all the Turnpikes to be To.UJa'.s, erected by virtue of the said Act, shall be, and the fame is hereby re- Yhrrel’olla^ pealed } and instead thereof it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or allowed to be any Five or more of them, at any Time to demand and take, or taken, cause to be demanded and taken, Three full Tolls, and no more, in

the same Day from all Persons who shall travel with any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage between Cromford Bridge and Langley Mill aforesaid.

IV. And whereas great Detriment has been done to the said Road P^ev-ming by drawing Timber and Stones upon Sledge3, He it therefore enacted, Stdn«»nd That so much of the said first recited Act as permits the haling or drawing of Timber and Stones (except Mill Stones) on Sledges shall otbefwife*11 be, and the fame is hereby repealed} and that if any Person or Persons thanonWheel shall, after the passing of this Act, hale or draw, or cause to be haled or Carnages, drawn upon or along any Part of the said Road any Tree or d rees.

Piece or Pieces of Timber, or any Stoneor Stones, (other than and except Mill Stones), otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, every loch Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum hoc exceeding Twenty Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or General Ex-taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, Horses, or other empriooi. Beasts employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey,

or returning empty from carrying or conveying, any Stones, Bricks,

Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Handles in which any Part of such Road doth lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not (old or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons,

Wains, Carts, Carriages, Horses, or other Beasts employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Comport, or Manure (Lime excepted) employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or

for

4^4

Meetings on Emergencies,

No Order to

be revoked without Notice of Meetings.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

for any ocher Tiling employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands, (except as aforesaid,'; orf-m any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Failure or Waiering Places, or going to be, or returning from being (hod or farried; or from any Person poingto or returning from his proper Parorhial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worlh'p, tolerated by I aw on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that Ih til die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Curate going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Ministerial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any HoTrs, Cattle, or Carriages of whatsoever Description employed, or to be employed, in conveying the Mails of Letters and ExprcfTes under the Authority of His Majesty's Post Mailer General, either when emp! yed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or ExprcfTes, or in returning back from conveying the lame; or for any Hories, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arm', Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Hories, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal PafTes 5 or for any Horle, Caitle, or Beast drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, or Chair, or any Passenger on horseback going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the said County of Derby-, and if any Person or Persons shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the aforesaid Exemptions, not being legilly entitled thereto, every such Person or Persons shall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Vf. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the said Trustees it shall at any Time be thought necessary that there shall be an earlier Day of Meeting than the Lay appointed by such Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk or Clerks of the said Trustees, by an Order in Writing, signed by Five or more of the aiding Trustees, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice by Writing affixed on all the Toll Gates then erected determined by v rtue of the said Acts, and this Act, or by Advertisement in some stewlpaper printed and circulated in the Neighbourhood thereof, of the Time, Place, and Purr. )fe of such Meeting, which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees, (such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice,) and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all Proceedings of the Trutiees at all such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as if such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournments.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Order made by the said Trustees at any of their Meetings shall be revoked or altered, unless at

some Meeting to be held for that Purpose, (of which Notice shall be given

4&5

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 31,

given by Advertisement in some Newspaper printed and circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road Ten Diys at lead before such Meeting, signifying the Occasion of such Meeting,) nor unless a greater Number of Trustees shall attend at such Meeting to revoke and alter the fame, and concur in the Revocation or Alteration thereof, than were present and made such Order.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Truf- ^>r.er^'n2 tees, or any Five or more of them, at any Meeting (if they shall think. Machinef proper) to order and cause to be built, upon any Parts of the said

Road, as to them shall seem mod eligible and expedient, a Crane,

Machine or Engine, with suitable Buildings thereto, proper for the weighing of Carts, Waggons, or Carriages conveying any Goods,

Wares, or Merchandize whatsoever, and by Writing signed by them, or any Five or more of them, to order all and every, or any such Carriage or Carriages, which shall come upon any Part of the said Road, within the Didance of Fifty Yards from any such Crane,

Machine or Engine, (whether the same shall have passed through any All Chuses, Toll Gate or Toll Bar or not), to be weighed, together with the Loading See. in Gene-thereofi and that all Clauses, Powers, Privileges, Exemptions, Re- ral Turnpik-e (Iridions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, contained in an Act passed in the . vVe^h^" Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled " An Engines " Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament the to extend to " general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in this Act,

" that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes," applicable to Weighing Machines, shall in all Cafes extend to and operate upon all Cranes, Machines, and Engines whatsoever to be erected by virtue of this Act, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said For letting Trustees, at any Meeting, whereof Twenty-one Days’ Notice shall have Weighing been given, in Writing, affixed upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes Engines, then erected by virtue of the said recited Acts, and this Act, and by. Advertisement inserted in some Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, to let and demile, or agree to let and demise, either with or without the Tolls by the said recited Acts, and this Act, authorized to be taken, the Weighing Cranes, Machines, and Engines, which may be erected by virtue of the said recited Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, a-nd the additional Tolls or Duties granted, and made payable thereat, for any Carriage which, with ics Loading, shall weigh more than the Weighc allowed by Law, provided that the said additional Tolls be let in the same Manner as the Tolls arising at the Tull Gates or Turnpikes, are by the said recited Acts directed or prescribed to be let.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trulfees, or any Five old Mort-or more of them, shall and may, (if they shall think ic conve- gages may ba nicnr,) call in, and cancel all or any of the prefenc Mortgages, now cailed *" (landing out, and made by virtue of the said former Acts, and give

and execute fresh Mortgage or Mortgages in lieu thereof respectively.

[Z.ffc. £*? Per.] 6 B

466

Penalty on damaging causeways or Footpaths.

Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk, or Treasurer.

Clerk or Treasurer to be paid his Exper.ces.

Statute-

Work.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ride upon any causeway or Footpath, now made, or hereafter to be made on the Side of the said Road, or any Part thereof, or shall drive any Horse, or other Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart, or other Carriage thereon, or shall wilfully cause any Damages whatsoever to be done thereto, every such Person, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be levied and recovered in such and the same Manner as is directed for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures in and by the said recited Acts, or either of them.

XII. And be it further enacted, that the said Trustees may sue and be sued for, or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue, or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, and this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, for the Time being j and that no Action or Suit, to be brought or commenced by the Direction of, or against the said Trustees, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate, or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, nor by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but thac the Clerk or Treasurer, for the Time being, to the said Trustees, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in evey such Action.

XIII. Provided always, That every such Clerk or Treasurer, in w'nose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the first Money, to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts, and this Act, after such Action or Suit shall be commenced or discontinued, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding he shall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said first recited Act, as relates to the Performance of Statute Labour on the said Road shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and that all Persons, who, by Law, are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall (till remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Derby, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Portion of Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places, in which the said Road doth lies and also whac Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of, or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her or them paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and, in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place, to be expressed in such

Summons,

467

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

Summons, (within Fourteen Days after the serving of such Summons,) of the Names of the several Persons, who within such Parish or Place are, by Law, subjected and liable to do Statute Work for that Year; or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise; and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute, in force and effect, for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and out of such Lifts, the said Justices, shall and may allot, appoint, and order such, and so many of the Persons, who shall appear to be subjefland liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days’ Statute Work, inevery Year, upon the said Hoad, as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done at such Days, and at such Times,(not being HayTimeor Harvest,) and in such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall, from Time to Time, order, direct and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and ditect the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect: or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ul'ual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to, by any Law or Statute in force or effect, for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and discharge the Person who shall be found idle, or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had negledfed or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and if any Surveyor of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false or imperfeift Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

4-68 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

CompeT- ^e *lC fiu^ther enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed

fition where or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments exceeding purchased, taken, orufed by virtue of the Powers oi the said first recited zco. Act, and this Act, for the Purpose thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the fame shall amount to the Sum of I wo Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts, and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, alfefting the lame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or aftefting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing lettled therewith, to the lame or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the fame ftiail be laid ouc and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Ul'es, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lauds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purenafed, taken, or used as aforesaid (food settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant-General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated; or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be loid for the Furpoles aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Keduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby ditefted to be purchased, in cale such Purchase or Settlement wer.e made.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money, where"the°n ft> agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or tiere-Compenfa- ditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforeIiid> and tiondoes not belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Di-TTt h°n Ability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two ror man hundred Pounds, and shall amount to the Sum of Twenty^ Pounds, then, and in all such Cales, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons, for the Time being, entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or Ailed, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees,

46g

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

mittees, in case o( Infancy or Lunacy, to be fighified in Writing, under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity of the said Account-General of the high Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing* under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money* and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case be applicable* without obtaining, or be-irtg required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where fdch Money, so agreed or awarded to be paid as next beforementioned, shall be leisthan Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons, who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts, and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them* or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing the m,) subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery* which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Pre-milts, as ta the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the

[Lot. Per.] 6 C Cashier

Application where the Money is less than zol.

In case of not making out Title,

or if Persona cannot be found. Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank.

Subject to the Order of the Coure of Chancery, on Motion or Petition.

4-8® GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and spe-eifying for what, and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity the Title to of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance paiTYheVer t*1's ^ct, for Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereson who r ditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Land', Tenements, shall be in or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts, the Possession and this Act; or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such at the Time Money, or the Dividends or Interests of any such Bank Annuities, of such Pur- the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, ehafe, shall Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all entitled1'* Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Poflef-thereto hon *uc^ Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court ot Chancery; and the Dividends or Interests of the said Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

Where any Question shall arise touching

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchaseato be paid by the Trustees.

XX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts, and this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts, and this Act; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts, and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts, and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

For paying

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences the Expences Qf obtaining and passing this Act shall be paid out of any Monies already of this Act. raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the firlh Monies to arise by virtue of the said Acts, and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

7

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 32. 471

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Public An. taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as

such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being (penally pleaded.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts (subject Continuance to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) shall continue and of thii An. be in force, and be executed for and during the Residue now to come

and unexpired of the Term granted by the said recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Par-lament.

cd . J

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. i8®8.

ANNO QJJADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 33.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Market Cross, in the Township of C'lithero, to Salford Bridge, in the Town of Blackburn, for diverting a Part of the said Road, and for making a Branch of Road to communicate with the Blackburn and Preston Road, all in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixteenth Year of His p el'ent Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and ,s Orj. c. 7$, widening the Road from the Market Cross, in the ’Township of Clithero, to Salford Bridge, in the Town of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lancafb-r: And whereas an Act was passed in the Thirty-sixth Y»a- of His said Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Tam and 3«G. 3. C. 144. altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act paged in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of H’S present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Market Crof>, in the Township of Clithero, to Salford Bridge, in the‘Iown of Blackburn, in the County Palatine of Lar.cafler: And whereas the said recited Acts have been put in fixecu-[hoc. £5* Per.2 6 D tion

474 4&° GEORGII III. Ckp.33.

tion for the Repair and Amendment of che said Road, in conference whereof several large Sums of Money have been expended, and a considerable Debt hath been contracted on the Crrdit of the Tolls arising upon the said Road, which now rtm/ms due and owing and cannot be paid off and discharged, nor can the said Road be effectually amended, widened, improved, and Kept in Repair, unless the Term yf the said Act> is further continued, and fume of the Rowers and Provisions thereof varied, altered, and enlarged: And whereas che making and maintaining of a Divtrfion of the present Course of the said Road from, at, or nearly from a small Plot or Parcel of Waste Ground contiguous to the Caid Road, situate near Slanden Hey Gate, in the Township of Pendleton, through the said Township of Pendleton, and Part of the Township of Clitbero, to the Borough of Clitbero, in the Patish ol Wballey, in the said County, will materially improve and benefit the Revenue arising upon the said Road, and will in many Respects be of great public Advantage: And whereas the making and maintaining of a Road or Branch of a Road from and out of the said Road leading from Clitbero to Blackburn aforesaid, from oc nearly from the South End of Wballey Bridge, in the Parishes of Wballey vend Blackburn, in the said County, through the Townlhipa of Billington, Wilpshire, Salisbury, Clayton le Dale, Mellor, CJbMejion, anti Balderjtone, in the Parish of Blackburn aforesaid, to or nearly to a certain Public House in Balderstone aforesaid, in the Poffc-fiion of ‘Thomas Jjhworth, so as to communicate with thep efenr Road which leads trom Blackiurn aforesaid, through Mellor to Preston, in the said County of Lancaster, will not only bevery beneficial and advantageous to the Public, byopening a much shorterr and better Communication between the Well; Riding of the County of York and the Town of Preston aforesaid, and several other large and populous Towns in the said County of Lancaster, but will alfa considerably increase the Tolls arising on the said Road: But the several Purpolies aforesaid esnnot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority t.f the fame, Former AfU ^That the said first recited Act, and ail and every the Powers, Provisions, continued. Authorities, and CJaufcs therein contained (except such as were and are varied, altered, enlarged, amended, or repealed by the said last recited Act, and except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties^ and that the said last recited Act, and all and every the Tells or Duties, Powers, Provisions, Authorities, and Clause9 therein contained, shall respectively be and continue in full Force and Effect for and during the Term herein-afeer mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Interna awl s, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body ext this present Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and takeeffect upon and from the Fourth Monday next after the uaffing of this Act; and this Act and tire additional Term hereby granted are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of the respective Sums of Money whidh in mediately before the passing of this Act were due and OAing upon the C'ceiit of the said Road, and of a'l Inter*ft cue and to grow due fot the lame, and also of such ether Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed by the Trustee? of the said Read for cue Pui*

poles

475

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

poses of the said Acts 2nd this Act, and aii Interest to grow dbe Fof the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That Sir James TVtallty Smytht Gardiner Additional Baronet, James Anderton, John Ajpinall, Richard Ba’divin, Richard Hairy 1 '"*'* Beaumont, Joseph Birley, John Binns, David Blijfelt, Samuel Botoer, William Boys, Richard Bretmily, Charles Brookbank, Thomas Bulcock, James Btiry,

John Bury, John Cardwell, William Carr, Thomas Carr, James Chew, John Chippendale, Thomas Goil,nfan, William Croft, Richard Eddlestone the younger,

Wiliam EAlill, Richard Fort, Jeremiah Garnett, Alexander Grtgjbn, Jorals Greenway, Charles Greenway, William Grtome, Richard Hardy, Thomas Hargreaves, John Hargreaves of Ormearod House, James llanter, Wi/liatn Harper, William Heaton, John Teach, Richard Legh, William Maude, Richard Noble Clerk, Robert Parker, William Pearce, George Petre, James 9uarll&y Clerk., Benjamin Rolfe, William Slater of Samlefbury Mill, William Slater of Olbaidefton, James Smith, Stephen Sparrow, Le Gendre Starkie, Thomas Stephenson Clerk, Henry Sudeti, Thomas Sumner, James Taylor, John Taylot,

William Turner, John Ward, Richard Ward, Robert Whalley, James Wilkin! on, Matthew Wilkinson, Charles Wright Clerk, and Henry Adderley Wright, shall be, and they and their Successor?, to be elected in the Manner ilirested by the said first recited Act; are hereby appointed Trustees, and shall be joined with the Trustees appointed by or elected in pursuance of the said former Acts to put the said recited Acts artd this pfcft'ht Ad in Execution, fr>r the Purpoi’e of amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Roads.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees nominated by or First Meeting elected in pursuance of the said recited Acts or those appointed by this "tV^eT,uf’ Act, or any Five or more of them, shall meet together at the House of

John Wigglesworth, Innkeeper in Whalley aforesaid, on the Fourth Monday next after the passing of this Act, and proceed to the Execution of the said recited Acts arid this Act, and shall hold their future Meetings alternately at the respective Places and in the Order directed by the said l ift recited Act: Provided nevertheless, that Two Trustees shall be fuffifcierit Two Trusteet for adjourning the Meetings of the said Trustees; and in default rif such ^oura* *° Adjournment,- the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being shall and may by affixing orcaufing to be affixed Notice in Writing upon all the Turnpikes erected upon the said Read at lend Fourteen Days before the then next; pfopoled Meeting, appoint the said Trustees to meet at thi Place where their then lait Meeting was appointed to be held, on that Day Three Weeks next after the Day for which such last Meeting Wit so appointed as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or For nuking*

more of them, shall and may and they ate hereby fully authorized and ttnpowerfld to divert and turn the Courftf of Paih of the present Road Standee Hey from, at, or nearly from a small Plot or Parcel of Waft? Ground contigu- ^'rVice^' ous to the said Road situate near Slander! Hey Gate, in the Town ft) i p of " ’

Pendleton aforesaid, through the said Township of Pendllton and Part

of the Township of Clithero, to the Borough of Clithero aforesaid; and also to make or cause to be made a Road ot Branch of Road from and out of the said Road leading from Clithero to Blackburn aforesaid, from or nearly from the South End of Whalley Bridge, in the Parishes of Whalley and Blackburn aforesaid, through the Townships of Billington,

9 Wilpjhirt,

4?6

For continuing the ore-fern Toll Gate-, and erecting cthcis.

4TI^U V?H O'

48° GEORGII III. Cap.j$i

ifilpshire, Sailjlury, Clayton le Dale, Mellor, OJb aides ton, and BaUe’-stone, in the Parish of Blackburn aforesaid, to or nearly to the fair! Public House in Baldentone aforesaid in the Possessmn of the said Thomas Ajbworth, 10 as to communicate with the present Road which leads from hhekburn through Mellor to Preston aforesaid; and to enable the said Trustees to make the said Diversion and new Branch or Road, it shall and may be lawful for them, or any Five or more of them, to treat, contract, and agree with the several Owner', Proprietors, and Occupies of and Persons interested in or entitled unto any Buildings, Lane s, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase thereof, or of so much thereof as the said Trulhxs or any Five or more of them, shall think necdFry, so as to make the said Diversion and Branch of Road respectively of any Width they shall think proper, not exceeding Fourteen Yards and out of the M nies to arise upon the said Road, or out of any Monty to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, to pay as well for such Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be lo agreed upon as thr Charges and Expences of making the said Road; and in ca e of ,nv Differences between the said Trustees and the said other Persons, ail of whom are hereby empowered to treat and agree with the said Trustees concerning the Price or Satisfaction to be paid for the Purchases before mentioned, such Differences shall be abjufted, settled, and di terminer1, and such Recompence ascertained by a Jury, in such Manner and under the same Rules and Orders as aie prescribed in and by the said first reciteci Act, for lett'ing Bee <mpence and Damage for the Land taken for the Purposes of the said Act and the said Diversion an . Branch of Road respectively when lo made, shall for ever after be and be deemed to be Parc of the said Turnpike Road; and the said new Road when so dwertefl rhrough the said T- wn-ships of Pendleton and Clithero aforesaid, shall be deemed md confioered in lieu of so much of the pres n> Road as will i 1 consequrncc of Inch D version be deviated f-om; and the irveral Inhabitants of the said respective To nships of Pendleton and Clilhero aforesaid, shall be and continue liable to do and perform the lame Portion of S atute Work upon, and to pay the fame Composition or Contribution Money in re'pe:t of the said intended Road through Part of the said respvctive Townftnpt, as they were relp-Ctively liable to do, perform, and pay, upi n or in resp.ft of the proem Road, immediately before the puffing of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any F ve or more of them, shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to continue all or any of the Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houses now (landing in, upon, or across the said koad or on the Sides thereof j and that whin and so soon as the said Diversion fit-.ll have taken place through the said Townships of Pendleton and Clilhero aforesaid, and the said intended Road shall have become passable, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to cause the Gue or Turnpike now erected within the Township of Pendleton aforesaid to be removed from us present Situation, and to fix and erett Two Gates or Turnpikes near to a Close of Ground situate in Pendleton aforesaid, called Sloop Field, the Eftaie and Property of Richard Edlesion Gentleman , to wii, one of such Gates or Turnpikes across that Part of the intended Road, and the other across that Parc of the present Road where the old and new Roads are meanc to separate; and that when and so soon as the said Road or Branch of Road from or nearly from the South End of IVballey Bridge

aforesaid,

47 7

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

aforesaid, to or nearly to the said Public House in Balderjlove aforesaid, in the Possession of the said Thomas Ashworth, shall be completed, and the said intended Road become passable, the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, shall and may and thry are hereby authorized and empowered to rreft or cause to be creded Two Gires or Turnpikes in, upon, or across the said Road or new Branch of Road; ro wit, one at a certain Place in the Township of Clayton le Dale aforesaid, called The Oaks, on the Well Side of the Road leading from Blackburn to Ribchester, in the said County of Lancaster, or within the Distance of Five hundred Yards on the Prefiu/t Side of 1'uch Road, and another at the Easterly End of the said Public House situate in Baldcrstone aforesaid, in the Possession of the said Ttycmas Ashwcrtb, or within the Diltance of Five hundred Yafds on the Wbdlley Side thereof; and all'o a Toll House and proper and necessary Buildings and Fences near to each of the said Gatt9 or Turnpikes, or to such of them as they shall think proper, and that the respective Tolls directed to be paid by the said last: recited Act, shall be demanded and taken by fuchf Person or Persons as the said Trwftees or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint, at each of the said Turnpikes or Toll Bars already erected by virtue of the said recited Acts, or hereafter to be erected by virtue thereof and of this Act, before any Horses, Cattle,or Carriages shall be permitted to pal's through the fame; any Thing in the said reciced Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding any Thing herein or in the said recited Acts or either of them contained to the contrary, no Hofles, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate already erected or hereafter to be erected upon the said Road, 6r any Part chereof, upon the Lord’s Day, commonly called Sunday, without Payment of Double the Toils and Duties by the said lart recited Act directed to be demanded and taken at such respective Gates, or of 1‘uch other Tolls and Duties as the said Truf* tees or any Five or more of them shall direct to be collected thereat, in case the same shall be reduced in the Manner prescribed by the said recited Acts or either cf diem.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no more shall be paid for the same Horse--, Beads, Cattle, or Carriages in any one Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock the next succeeding Night) than one Toll for passing or repaying through each of the said Turnpikes or Toll Bars already erected by virtue of the said recired Acts, or hereafter to be erected by virtue thereof and of this Act; any Thing in the said recited Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, none of the Tolls granted or continued by the said recited Acts or this Act shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horka employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or tlonvey, or returning troin carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials fur repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townlliips or PanHics in which any Part of Inch Roads dnth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Coin in the Straw

[/.cr. & Per.^ 6 E only.

Double Toll fur pri ng tliroiih on Sunday*.

Tolls to b* paid hut one* a Day.

General

Exemption*.

473

t owsr to be r-row Money.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

Only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in tlt-r Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Cans, Carriages, or Hoifcs employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convry, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compost, or Manure emploied in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands (other than and except Lime); or for any Horks 01 Cattle going to or returning from Failure and Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed or lamed; or from any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the Parishcsin which the said Roads lie; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any firk Person, or upon other his Parochial or Minifttrial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattie or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaller General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Exprefies, or in returning b ick from conveying the lame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carnage attending them laden with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements' according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming Inch Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrams Cent by legal Fades; or for any Horse, Catcle, or Beall drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, or Chair, or for any Passenger on Ilorleback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to lerve in Parliament for the Laid County Palatine of Lancaster, or of a B irgefsor Burgesses to fei ve in Parliament for the Borough ot Chthero, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day alter such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more ol them, to borrow and take up at Interdt, on the Credit of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, such Sum or Sums of Money as they or any Five or more of them shall think fit, and they may and are hereby empowered to> demise or mortgage the said Tolls, of any Part or Parts thereof, and the

Turnpikes

4

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

Turnpikes and Toll Hou'et for collecting the ’Lme ( he Colls and Charges of such Mortgages to be paid out of luth Tolls) as a Security to any Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who shall advance itich Sum or Sums of Money determined by the following Words, under feir Hands and Seals, or by any other Form of Woidii to the like Effect; (that is to say)

pY V.rtue of Three Ash made in the Sixteenth, Thirty-sixth, and r.»rm i-f

*J Foity-«ighih Years of the Reign of His Majesty King Georgs iher Mo;ttas-

Third, intituled, An Act [hers fetforth the Titles if I be two recited Acts

and also of this Afi~\ We of the Trustees fur the Lid Road therein

1 mentioned, in corifideraifon of the Su:n of to

‘ the Treasurer of the said Rotd in Hand paid, do grant, bargain, fcli,

‘ and demise unto^. B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,

‘ such Proportion of the Tolls arising upon the Lid Road, and of the

Turnpikes and Toll Houses for collecting the fame, as the Lid Sunt of

‘ doth or shall bear to the whole Sutn due and

‘ owing on the Credit thereof, to be had and hidden from this

‘ Day of in the Year of our Lord for

and during the Continuarce of the said recked A£t$ and (his Act,

unless the Lid Sum of with Interest at the Rate of

per Centum per Annum shall be sooner repaid and Ltisfied.’

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer to the Laid Trustees, but no Money shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls after the First Meeting of the said Trustees, unless Notice be for that Purpose affixed in Wilting upon all the Turnpikes then created upon the said Road at lead Ten Days before the borrowing thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may ftom Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefic to the said Mortgage, and the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, mdorfing on the Back of Inch Security before one credible Witness, the following Words or Words to the like Effed; (that is to say)

‘ T Do transfer this Mortgage, with all my Right and Title to the Form of ‘ Principal thereby secured, and to all Interest; now due upon the fame, Tfan,fer‘

unto Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

DateJ this Day of A B.’

Which Transfer shall be produced and notified to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before mentioned Book or Books, containing the Number1, Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money therein transferred; for which the said Clerk or

Treasurer shall be paid such Sum as the said Trustees or any Five or

more of them shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame again, and lb toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power cf

any Person or Persons (ex.ept such to whom the same shall be last transferred) to make void, release, or discharge the original Security or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof , and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer shall be made, shall be, in Proportion to the Sum

4*0 4* GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

or Sums of Money therein mentioned, Creditors on the Tolls by ihis and the said former Acts granted, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference with respect to the Priority of any Monies advanced upon the Credit of the Did Tolls.

Towtr to tike X. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees, or any

ive or more them> shall ‘hink proper, in order to make the said ’ Diverfton and new Branch of Road, by taking down a Dwelling House

and Stable situate in Clithero aforesaid, the Ellate and Property of the Right HonoutableLord Viscount Curzon, and in the Occupation of William. Hartley and John BateJon-, by passing through a Garden and Two Imall Crofts or Pieces of Garden Ground, the Estate and Pioperry of the iaid Lord Viscount Curzon, and in the Occupation of the said William Hartley and "John Batefon and of Joseph Wood, by passing through the Scite of an ancicnc Dwelling House situate in Clithero aforesaid, the Estate and Property of the said Lord Viscount Curzon, and in the Occupation of the said Joseph Wood-, by passing through a Croft or Piece of Garden Ground situate in Clithero aforesaid, the Estate and Property of the Lord Brownltotv, and in the Occupation of John King j by passing through a Garden situate in Clithero aforesaid ihe Eftaie and Property of John Earnjbaw, and in the Occupation of Edward Parker Gentleman; by passing through a Garden situate in Clithero aforesaid, the Estate and Property of Richard Edleston Gentleman, and in the Occupation of John Law j by passing through a Garden situate in the Township of Billington aforesaid, the Estate and Property of George Petre Esquire, and in the Occupation of James. Margerifcn; by passing through some Wood Lands situate in B.l'.ington aforesaid, the Estate and Propercy of the said Georg* Petre, and in the Occupation of John Towers; by passing through a Garden situate in the Township of Saifbury aforesaid, the Estate and Property of ti e Right Honourable Lord Viscount Warren Rulkeley, and in the Occupation of John Cronkjhaw; by passing through a Garden situa e in the Township of Balderstone aforesaid, the Estate and Property of William Shuttleworsh, and in the Occupation of William Gill; and by passing through another Garden situate in Balderjione aforesaid, the Estate and Property of Richard Legh, Esquire, and in the Occupation of the said Thomas /ijhworth; it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or mote of them, to treat, contract, and agree with the several Ownets, Proprietors, and Occupiers of or Persons interested in or entitled unto the said Dwelling House, Stable, Gardens, Crofts, Hereditaments, and Premises herein-before mentioned and described, for the Purchase thereof and of the Scites of the said Buildings, or of so much thereof as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, U*aJl think ueteflary, so as to make the said Road of any Width they shall think proper, not exceeding Fourteen Yards j and out of the Monie* to arise trom the Tolls collected or to be collected upon the said Road, to pay for such Dwelling House, Stable, Gardens, Crofts, Hereditaments, and Premises, or lb much thereof as shall be neccftary as aforesaid; and in calc of any Differences concerning the lame between such Owners or Occupiers and the said Trustees, such Differences shall be adjusted, ferled, and determined, and such Recompence ascertained by a Jury, in such Manner and under the same Rules and Orders as are prefcnbctl in and by the said first recited Act, lor settling Recompence and Damage on Account of Land to be used lor widening and altering the said Roads: Provided always.

481

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable the said Trustees to take down any House, Orchard, or Garden (except such as are in this Act mentioned) w thouc the Consent in Writing of the Proprietors thereof respectively fir fl had and obtained.

XI. And whereas a Map or Plan, describing the Line of the Paid Diver, fion and new Branch of Road and the Lines th ough wh.ch the same are to be cariicd, together with a Book of Reference, containing a List of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Lancajicf, be it therefore enacted, Thac the said Map or Plan and Book of Inference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the end that all Persons may at any seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the fame, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasurr, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and that the said Trustees, in making the said Diversion and new Branco of Road, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards of Three Feet each from the Line deftribed in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to make the said Diversion and new Branch of Road into, through, across or over the several Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be Owntr or Owners of Land over which the fame is let out and tie fieri bed in the said Map or Plan as alotesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may hapjien to be omitted in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awa-ded to be paid, for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts, or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with ail convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said lecited Acts, and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in th; Purcfufe or Redemption of the [.and Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Dent or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, oraffefting

[Lee. & Per.]' .£ F other

For refttaining the 1 ruf-

tees from de» viating beyond a certain DiHameof rite Line de-ferihed in the Plan, itc.

Trustees may make Road through Ground, although the Owner.

Name* are not in the Book of Kekrence.

Application of

Cump'.nfation Money where exceeding tool.

4-8 2

4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 33. '

other Lands, Tenement?, or Hereditament, (landing settled therewith to the lame or the like Uf s, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the lame shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of o her Melfuag.-s, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be convryed and I'cttled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, In ents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood lettled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making Lch Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilting undetermined and rapable of taking Effect 3 and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, shall be inverted by the said Accountant-General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuitie- and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of tfic said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed 10 be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

if'onder tool.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money, an.1 exceeding so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- - ments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or t Incapacity as afurclaid, shall be less than the Sum ot Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments, so purchaseri, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under his, or their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be plared to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner her-in-before directed, or otherwise the lame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trullees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approv. ing P.ir.ies) in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

If under icl

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money, so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be less than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or uled for the Purposes of this Act, in

H such

4S* GEORG.II III. Cap. 33. 483

Utah Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them ftiali think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and benefit of such Person or Persons so entiiied respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons, rncafsofite-to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase o.'of rniunakf of any Land«, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue in? nut Titles, of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or ^p^totli0 shall net he able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfac- Bank.

tion of the said Trullees, or any Five or more of them, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Cale it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money !o awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, ini the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (defenbing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chanctry, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of proceeding, or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be la d out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim theieunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receiptor l^eceipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Ques- where any

tion shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money1, to be paid ,lha"

into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- tive'ntie* toS countant-Ger.eral of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, Mai.ey to be for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of foiis’wno may any Estate, Righr, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Heredita- bein Pofliffior ments, to be purthafrd in pursuance o* the said recited Acts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to he p.urchafed with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest ct any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Pcflcffion of such Lands, Tenements, orliete-ditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the PosseiEnn of such Person or Persons, shall be decayed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the-Dividends or Interest of the B ink Annuities to be pojrchafed with such V i "b Money,

4-8*

4S* GEORGII

III. Cap. 33

Money, and also the Capica) of such Bank Annuities, Hull be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said C< urt that (ui h Possession was a wrongful Puffeflion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Eftat£ or Interest therein.

CUnc*yTm'y

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, Thar where, by reason order Expen- of any Uifability or Incapacity jot the Person or Persons or Corporation, M t!^U Ch*d ent'l*cc* to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by the Truf-' ur|der the Authority c^f the said recited Adb and this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery,

and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time, to be made in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, or so much of such h xpences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, w ho shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Mortgagee to

XIX. And be it further eriaded. That every Mortgagee of any Mcf-coney. fuages, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments which shall be purchased or acquired by the said Trustees or any of them in pursuance of this Act, his, her, or ther Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, on having Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them, from the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or any Persons authorized by them or any Five or more of them, of paying off the P incipaland Imereft Money which shall be due on such Mortgages respectively, shall, at the End of the said Six Calendar Months alcrr such Notice, on Payment or Tender of the Principal Money and Interest which shall be then due, convey and assign his, her, and their resptdive Estates and Imerefts in and to the said mortgaged Premises, to the said Trustees or any Five or mere of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nominate and appoint, in Trust for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and if any such Mortgagee, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administr..tors, or Assigns, shall refuse so to do, then ail Interest on every such Mortgage, from the Expiration of the said Six Calendar Months after any such Notice, shall cease and determine.

Repenting.

XX. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Acts flwwatto* as re*ates to the Performance of the Work commonly called Statute statute Work, or to the Payment of a Compoficion or Contribution in lieu or in

w°rk. respect thereof, shall be and the fame is hereby declared to be repealed.

S atuteLa-

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or bour* shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards

repairing and amending the Roads comprized in the said Acts or either of them, or in this Act, or any Part thereof, shall Hill remain liable thereto; and it shall be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or by their

Order,

4.8° GEORGII in Cap. 2,3.

Order, yearly, to adjudge and determine whrt TaT or Proportion of the Statute Work shalt eve; y'Year be dene upon the said Road* determined by the 1 ft i-bitants of the rtTpeftive Parishes or Place-; in which the said find; li-, and also what Proportion of (he Money rretived by the Surv< yor of-Sui* veyors of the H;gh vays of every such Pad h or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as afore laid, fin all be by him, her, or them paid to the Lid Trustees or to their 1'roafurer or Treassurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from it me to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of ev< ry fuel) Pafilh or Place, to bring in Lills before lut h Ju It ices, at ionic Place- to be expressed in such Summons (within I en Days after thefervin^ of i.'ch Summons) of the Names of the several Peffons who within-such Parish or Place are by Law subjtct and liable todo Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Wotk to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwilV, m d also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in Ituli Manner and under such Regulations and Reftrftions' as aie or n> y be dirtfted by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and cut of such Lilts the said Judders (h ill and may allot, appoint, and order such and lo many of the Persons who ft ill appear to be iubjtci and liable to Statute Work as iforeluid,- to c o such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the Lid Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the fame ft II be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hayfime ot H.vrvcit) and i.i such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees or their Sui vtyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Pctferns who by such Lifts shall appear to be subjrct and liable to the Payment of any iVlocey in litu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the bid Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the Lid Justice3 shall direct; and in default of Payment thereof, the fame mail and m..y be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of tile respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Adb or either of them authorized or diie ieti to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall negleiit or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, 01 their last or ufu.il Hace or PLces of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor 10 the Lid Trustee.s, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or ihe Default cf any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Hohi'e or Idorfes, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, i r diem, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties" and Forfeitures as such Person Or Persons may be subjtct or liable to by any Law cr Statute in force or efieft for the Repair of the public Highways; and it any Porlon who shall come to wo'rk as a Labourer? orlh.di be lent with ar.y Team-tr Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dfftbifs the Pei ion who shall be found idle or negligent- as aforesaid; and in that Cafe ev.ry such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments-aforesaid, us it he had- neg-Es* Per.] 6 G—H fecit d

486

Trustees may compound f.n- Statute Work.

For paying E 'pences of this Art.

For Recovery of Penalties.

Fub'ic Act-

Term of the Act,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. ^3.

'ecleJ or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending of the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false and imperfect Lift«, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Foity Shillings.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the Possessors, Occupiers, Grantees, Trustees, Feoffees, and Committees of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which are or shall be liable to or chargeable with the Repair of any Part of the said Roads, or of any Bridge, Arch, or Sewer, or with any Pt-rfon or Persons, for the Performance of his, her, or their Statute Work thereon j and also that it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, or such Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor respectively as aforesaid, by and with the Consent of the Majority of the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, or Places, first had at any Vestry or other public Meeting of such Inhabitants, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by such Inhabitants upon any Part or Parts of the said Road, all which Com-pofttion Monies shall be from Time to Time paid in Advance, and shall be applied in Repair of the said Roads; and all such Surveyors, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, shall be reim-buifed the Money so by them paid, in such Manner as Surveyors of the Highways are by Law to be reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, shall be defrayed out of any Money already collected or received by virtue of the said former , Acts, or out of the first Monies to atile by virtue of the said former Acts, and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted That all the Penalties and Forfeitures hereby inflicted and itnpoftd, shall be recovered and levied in such and the same Manner as the Forfeitures and Penalties for Offences against the said recited Acts are thereby directed to be recovered and levied.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Public Act, and as such be judicially taken Notice of by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without specially pleading the lame.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall, upon the Fourth Men lay

6 next

487

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

next after the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and that the said Acts (subject as herein-before mentioned) and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Term cf Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 34.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers cf Two Acts of His present Majesty, so far as the fame relate to the Two Districts of Roads therein described, leading from High Bridges to Uttoxeter, and from Spath to the Halfway from thence to Hanging Bridge, in the County of Stafford.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and 6 G. 3.0.1*. widening the Road from High Bridges in the County of Stafford, to Uttoxeter, and from Spath to Hanging Bridge, and from Tewnail’s Line to Yoxall Bridge in the said County, whereby several Tolls, Powers, and Authorities were granted to the Trustees therein named, and their Successors respectively, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from High Bridges to a certain Street or Lane in Uttoxeter aforesaid, called Bradley Lane, and which Road is by the said Act called The Fit ft Distiidf of the Roads thereby intended to be repaired and widened; and also for tepairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, One full Moiety or Half Part in Length of the Road leading from the Royal Oak at Spath to Hanging Bridge aforesaid, and lying next to Spath, and by the said Act called The Second Distritft of the Roads thereby intended to be repaired and widened: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-\_Lot. Ss8 Per.2 61 ' ft vent h

494

*7 G> j> C. SS

AS* further continued.

Trustess for the First CiSrifl.

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 34;

seventh Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, afo Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from High Bridges in the County of Stafford, and from Spath to Hanging Bridge, and from Tewnall's Lane to Yoxall Bridge in the said County,so far as the fame relates to the Two Di/lriSls of Road therein described: And whereas great Progress has been m ide in the Execution of the said recited Acts within the said respective Districts, for which Purpose considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties respectively arising within the same; but the said Roads cannot be effectually amended and kept in repair, nor the Monies now owing as aforesaid be paid off, unless the Term granted by the said Acts is further continued, and unless the Powers and Provisions thereof are altered and enlarged, so far as relates to the said Two Distiids; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s ir.oft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts of the Sixth and Twtniy-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Remedies, Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained, and which were in force immediately before the passing of this Act, so far as the fame relate to the said respective Districts of Road leading from High Bridges in the County of Stafford, to Bradley Lane in Uttoxeter, called The First District, and the Moiety or Half Part in Length of the said Road, from the Royal Oak at Spath to Hanging Bridge aforesaid, and lying next to Spath, called The Second District (except such of them as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed, and except such Parts of the said recited Acts as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) shall be and continue in full force and effect, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were herein particularly repeated and re-enacted, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account or the said recited Acts, or which shall hereafter be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the said Acts and this Act, so far as relates to the said Two Districts of Road respectively, and all Intertfl due and to become due for the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Representatives serving in Parliament for the Time being for the said County of Stafford, the Represen-tatives serving in Parliament for the Time being for the City oi Litchfield, Edward Anson, William Akers, Joseph Akers, Eger tin Alcoek, Hugh Thomas Annerley Alcoek, the Honourable Charles Bagot, the Honourable Richard Baget Clerk, Walter Bagct Clerk, Richard Bateman, Hugh Bailye Clerk, John Blurton, William Blurton the younger, fames Blair, Thomas Buck-j<ion, James Bell, Samuel Botham, Charles Bennett, Penn Asheton Curzon, Charles Chadwick, Carey Clerk, Francis Calvert, Thomas Clewley,

Michael Clewley, John Crofs/ey, Charles Cope, William Charles, Jfcute Charles, Thomas Earp, Francis French the younger, Edward Fox, John Fox,

7 Grove

48b GEORGri III. Cap. 341 4^5

'Grove Clerk, Thomas Godrich, Thomas Hart the younger, Thomas Kirk~ patrick Hall, John Hall, Robert John Harper, Thomas Hyde the younger,

John Hawthorn, John Lane, Thomas Lawrence Clerk, Manlove Vernon Lawrence, Charles Hugo Meynell, William Mott, William Towers Minors, Richard Minors, William Molineux Marstone, Simon Mountfort Clerk, John Morley,

Thomas Morley. Thomas Pickering, William Phillips, Benjamin Parr, Joseph Summer land, William Summerland, Thomas Cotton Sheppard, Thomas Sneyd,

Edward Saunders, Francis Spencer, Jihn Spencer, John Shipley, the Honourable John Talbot, Charles Wolfeley, Mark Anthony Whyte, Joseph Walkeden,

Sampson Walked n, James Webb, George Webb, Roger Warner, John Wetlon, Stephen Willcock, and William Webb, shall, from and immediately after the passing i f this Act, be added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts for putting the fame and this Act in Execution, so far as relates to the said First District of Road: And that the Representatives serving in Parliament for the Time being for the said County of Stafford, Edward Anfoh, uiitritt. William Alkers, Joseph Akers, the Honourable Charles Bagct, the Honourable Richard Bagot Clerk, Richard Bateman, John B'urion, William Blurton the younger, James Blair, The'mas Buckfion, James Bell, Samuel Botham, Penn Asheton Curzon, Francis Calvert, Thomas Clew ley, Michael Clewley, John C ofslev, Charles Cope, Thomas Chawner, Thomas Carrington,

William Carrington, Court Dewes, Davies Davenport, Thomas Earp, Francis French the younger, Edward Fox, John Fox, Robert Charles Greaves, Thomas Gcdrich, Thomas Hart the younger, John Hawthorne, James Eytcn Main-waring Clerk, William Towers Minors, Richard Minors, William Molineux Marstone, Simon Mountfort Clerk, John Morley, Thomas Morley, Thomas Pickering, William Phillips, Richard Riddlesden the younger, Joseph Summerland, William Summerland, Thomas Cotton Sheppard, Thomas Sneyd,

Edward Saunders, John Shipley, Mark Anthony Whyte, Thomas Wilson, Roger Warner, John Wetton, Stephen Willcock, and William Webb, shall from and immediately after the palTing of this Act, be added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts for putting the fame and this Act in Execution, so far as relates to the said Second Dif-rift cf Road; and the Trustees herein nominated for the said respective Districts and their Successors, to be elected and being qualified in the Manner by the said first recited Act directed, are hereby empowered to aftin the Execution of so much of the said recited Acts as relates to their said respective Districts, and of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been named in or appointed by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or either of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees may Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in btj pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, either in the Names of the Nam* of their Trustees respectively, who may be Parties to any Deed or instrument in tler* or Wricing upon whiih any Action shall or may be brought, or in the Name fi<:alurer of their respective Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Directtoti of or against the said respective Trustees in their Names, or in the Name of their respective Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or-be discontinued by the Death,

Incapacity, or Removal of any Trustee or Trustees, or Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees respectively, or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk

or

Collectors of Tolls competent Witnesses.

496 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 34,

or Treasurer for the Time being to the said respective Trustees, in case such Action shall be brought against, or defended, in the Name of such Clerk or Treasurer, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant (as the Case may be) in every such Action or Suit: Provided always, that such Trustees, or Clerk or Treasurer in whose Name or Names any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of the said rrcited Acts or this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies arising within their respective Districts by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, all such Cods, Charges, Damages and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceedings they or he shall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of their or his being so made Plaintiffs or Defendants, or Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid,

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit or Litigation, shall happen to ar ife touching or in any wile relating to the Tolls to be collected on the said respective Roads, or the Recovery of such Tolls, the respective Persons appointed to collect the lame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said respective Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of their or his being appointed to collect the said Tells, or acting under the Authority of the said respective Ttullees.

V. And whereas the Tolls now payable on the said First District of Road are become insufficient to keep the said Road in good Repair, and pay the Interest of the Money borrowed thereon, and the incidental Expences of the Trull; and the yearly Produce of the said other Road called the Second District, arising principally from the Carriage of Lime, is likely, in a short Time, to be so much diminished by the Effects cf a Canal now being made on the Side thereof, as to become also inadequate to the Purposes before mentioned; be it further enacted, That from and after the Fifth Day of July next after the passing of this Act, the several Tolls and Duties granted and made payable in and by virtue of the said first recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, within the said respective Districts, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed (except as herein-after mentioned); and that instead thereof there shall be demanded and taken, by such Person or Persons as the said respective Trustees shall from Time to Time authorize or appoint (or that Purpose, before any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll Gate or Toll Gates, now erected and set up, or hereafter to be erected and set up, by virtue of the said recited Acts cr either of them, and of this Act, within the said respective Districts, such Tolls as any Seven or more of the said respective Trustees shall think proper, not exceeding the several and respective Sums of Money herein-afeer mentioned; (that is to lay)

Tollr. For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Pair of Oxen or Bullocks, or

other Bealt, drawing any Carriage tyhatsoever with Wheels of Id's Breadta than Six Inches on the Sole thereof, the Sum of Sixpence.

For evtry Horse, Mare, Gelding, Pair of Oxen or Bullocks, or other Bead, drawing any Waggon, Cart, Wain, or other such Carriage with

W heels

Repealing former Toll, and granting new ones.

Kew Tolls.

497

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more on the Sole thereof, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse or other Bealt of Burthen, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and lo in Proportion for any greater or lets Number: 4

Which said Tolls and Duties hereby granted shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said respective Trustees; and the fame, and every Part thereof, shall, after paying the Charges of passing this Act, be subject and liable to the Payment of the Monies borrowed or due, or to be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the Tolls arising or to arise within the said Districts respectively, and shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, assigned, varied, and disposed of in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with the like Remedies for Non-payment or Evasion thereof, and with such Powers, and subject to such Exemptions, and Powers of lelfening, raising, the fame again, and compounding for the fame, as are contained in the said recited Acts or either of them, with respect to the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken within the said respective Districts, but subject nevertheless to this Act, and the Provisions, Regulations, and Restrictions herein contained; and the several Securities granted on the Credit of the said former Tolls shall be deemed and construed to extend to and embrace the Tolls hereby granted, in the like Manner as if the fame had been actually in being at the Time of the Execution of the said Securities, and had been actually comprized therein.

VI. And whereas by certain Clauses and Provisoes in the said First recited Act contained, the Trustees of the said First District are restrained from erecting any Gate, Toll Bar, or Turnpike, in, upon, or across any Part of the Road leading from High Bridges to Abbots Bromley as therein mentioned; and the Trustees of the said Second District are like-wife rtllrained from erecting any Gate, Toll Bar, or Turnpike, in, upon, across, or on the Side of any Part of the Road lying within the Parishes of Rocester and Ellaston, or either of them: And whereas such Restrictions have been found very inconvenient; be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Clauses and each of them, and such Part and Parts of the said First mentioned Acr, restraining the said respective Trustees from erecting any Turnpike or Toll Gate within and between the said several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, or relating thereto, shall be and the same are and is hereby repealed.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful for the Inhabitants of the Parish of Rocesler, with any of the Hors-sor other Bealls or Cattle aforesaid, to pass through any Turnpike or Toll Bar erected or to be erected on the said Second District, on Payment only of the Tolls and Duties demandable and payable before the p. fling of this Act.

[JW. ft? Per.] 6K V1U. Pro.

Clause re-Itraimng the EreSion of Gates between High Bridge and Abbott" Bromley j and in the Parishes of Rocelter and Ellafton, repealed.

Exemption to the nha-bh-.nts of the Bui.'h of Rocelter,

49 S

Exemption to the Inhabitants or certain Parts of the Parish of Uttoxetei

Exemptions from Toll*

4B° GEORGII III. Cap.% 4.

VIII. Provided also, and be it farther enacted, That it shall be'lawfuf

for the several Persons redding within the Parish of Uttoxeter, in going from such their Places of Abode towards Uttoxeter aforesaid, to pass through snv Turnpike or Toll Bareredbed or to be eredbed in, upon, across, or by the Side of the said Second Dittridt within the said Parish of Ut-Jexeter, on Payment only of the Tolls and Duties demandjtble and.paya- blc before the passing of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the puffing of this Act, the Exemptions granted and continued by the said recited AdVs, so far as the fame relate to the said respective Districts, shall cease and determine; and that no Toll shall be demanded or received for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Cattle drawing any Carriage, going for or returning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials, for the repairing the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Parishes or Places in which the fame, or any Part thereof, do lie; or any Dung, Mould, §oi|, or Compolt of any K.nd, £Chalk and Lime excepted), for the manuring of any Garden, or other Land or Ground; nor shall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Caniage or Cattle, going for the Purpose of or returning from ploughing, lowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Ground, or going for or returning unladen or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or "Wood, nor sold or disposed of, but to be laid up in the Houses: Outhouses, Yards, cr on the Premises of the Owner or Owners thereof, or for any Plough, Marrow, Dray, or other Implement of Husbandry, cr for any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, drawing or carrying the fame in order for the repairing thereof, or using the fame in Husbandry, or for any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, going to or returning from Water or Padure, or going to be, or returning from being Ihoed or farried, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatsoever Delfiriptioc, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Pod Matter General, either-when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the lame, or in returning back from-conveying the fame, or for the I lords of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages or Horses, or other Beads employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of such Soldiers, or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemptions, or for any Carriage, Hurle, or other Bead employed, in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Fades; nor shall any of the Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parish through which any Part of the said Road doth lie, who shall pass through any of the said Turnpikes 10 or from hh, her, or their respective Parish Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by La v, on Sundays, or on Ckri/imas Day, Coed Friday, cr any other Day On which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who Ihdl attend the Funeral of any Person dying, and to be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any lick Person, or upon other his parochial or miniderial Duty on a Sunday, or on Christmas Day, Good

499

48° GEORG! I III. Cap. 34;

Fliday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Audio-riry to be celebrated; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Horse, Cattle, or Beall, carrying any Passenger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalli, or Chair, going to or returning from any Eledlion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to lervein Parliament for the said County of Stafford on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after fitch Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the ! xemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the lame^ or shall make nfe of any Fraud whatsoever, whereby the Payment of the Tolls granted and continued by the said recited Acts and this Act, or any Part thereof, shall be evaded, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Lavr are or Ststute shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards Labour, repairing and amending the said Roads or any Part thereof, shall dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said respective Trullees, or by their Treasurer, Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order respectively, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Portion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the fame do lie -, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or thing paid to the said Trullees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurtrs; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices at some Place to he expressed in such Summons (within Ten Day3 after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lift of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Rtftric-tions, as are or may be dire died by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work as aforesaid upon the fakl Roadi as the said Justices ftnll think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days and ;.t such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvelt) and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors respectively, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also' order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Morey in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper.

5oo

48° GEORGII III. Cap.%4.

proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer respectively, at such Tiaii or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Disttefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said respective Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or efftft for Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said respective Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said respective Trustees, and applied towards amending the Lid Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lids as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false and imperfect Lids, every such Surveyor so offending hall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Application

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or of Compenfa- awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, whenM°ney purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts amounting to and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corpora-*°°l tion. Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any

Disability or Incapacity, as in the said fird recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Ptivity of the Accountant General of the Hrgh Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees respectively, for executing the said Acts and this Act within their said respective Didrifts, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Courr, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid pff-sting the fame Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, danding settled th-rewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Ttufls, Inients, or Purposes; cr where such Money shall not be lo ap-

48° GEORGII In. Cap. 24- Sor

plied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of ocher Lands,

Grounds, or Hereditaments, which shall be convrycd and filled to, for, and upon such and the l'ke Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposei, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, ftuod settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable cf taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the Laid Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the Laid Accountant General-in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until inch Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Appli atiDn so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Grounds, or other Me- "hcietl,e reditaments purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and be- tioMt:ney longing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or hf» than Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, abo»*a*ti and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, ac the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trusttes, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said respective Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without ob* taining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money ApPiu»i-oc so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less wi^ieth;: than Twenty Pounds, then and in such Cases the same shall be applied R'j0Ssltfs to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said respective Trustees, oranyFiveor more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

[Lee. Ss* Per.]

6 L

5°*

III case of not making oat Title*.

Where any

Question shall arise touching any Title to the Mor ey to he paid, the Person in 1'of-icllion shall he entitled’

48° GEORG 11 111. Cap. 31.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or PerfuAS to whom any Sum or Sums of Money ihaJl be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premdcs to the Satisfaction of the said respective Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be f) awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such L inds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with theiPriviiy of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \_describing the m] subject to the Order, Controul, and Dispofinon of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Dirtribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Calbiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid,

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accounrant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said lecited Acts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Monty, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or Under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Did Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that fomc other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

9

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 34. 503

XVI. Provided alf, and be it further ennfted, That where, by reason The Court of cf any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, ^yonSei* entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under reenable the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money f*1

of the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and by the to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- Tru(lei,‘ ments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees respectively out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid out of the Monies already raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the Monies which shall be first raised by virtue thereof and of this Act, within the said respective Districts, in equal Moieties, and in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken pabIic A(9 to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice cf as such

by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted and con- i>rm of the tinued by the said recited Acts shall, upon the passing hereof, cease and Att. determine; and that the said recited Acts (subject as herein-before mentioned) and this Act, shall (rom thenceforth continue and be in force,

and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

Pay'll* £1-pences ot [lie A£,

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

sign

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

ft*

Cap. 35-

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Gay-wood and Mintlyn, in the County of Norfolk.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS there are divers Open Field, Half Year, or Shack Lands, Warrens or reputed Warrens, Heaths, Severals, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the respective Parishes of Gnywood and Mintlyn, in the County of Norfolka And whereas William Bagge Esquire is or claims to be Lord or Owner of the Manor of Gay-iwood, and as such claims to be entitled to the Soil of such of the Warrens or reputed Warrens, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds which lie within the said Parish of Goywood, as now belong to or are Parcel of the said Manor; and Sir Martin Browne Folkes Baronet is or claims to be entitled to the Soil of certain Lands or Tracts, Part of the Warrens,

Commons, and Waste Grounds lying in Gaywood aforesaid, anciently called Riffley, but now commonly called or known by the several Names of Rijfly Wood, Riffl y Common, and Riffley Fen, as not now belonging to nor being Parcel of the said Manor; and the said Sir Martin Browne 'Folkes also is or claims to be entitled to the Trees, Underwood, Thorns, and Brakes growing on the last mentioned Lands or Tracts, and to a Right of Warren therein: And whereas the said William Bagge is or claims to be Lord or Owner of the Manor or reputed Manor of Haveleffe in Mintlyn, and as such claims to be entitled to the Soil of the Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds which lie within the said Parish of Mintlyn: And ' I

whereas the said William Bagge and Sir Martin Browne Folkes and divers [Lti. b* Perl] 6 M other

v

5c6

Appointment cf Commis-tioners*

provisions fer the Appointment of New Commission-C13«

48° GEORGII III. Cty.35.

other Persons respectively are the Owners of all the Messuages, Cottages* Lands, and Tenements within the said Parish of Gaywood: And whereas the said JVilHam Bag^e is or is considered as the foie Owner of all the Messuages, Cottages, and Lands wirhin the said P.irish ot Mintlyn. And whereas an Act ofr'arlnment was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of LI is present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for conciliating in One A cl certain Provisions usually tnferted in Acts of Irubfure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the fev ral Falls usually required on the faffing of such Alls: And whereas it would be advantageous the several Parties entitled to or interested in the said Open Field, Half Year, or Shack Lands, Warrens or reputed Warrens, Heath , Severals, Commons, and Waste Grounds, if the several Rights of Shackage and of Sheepwalk or Foldcourse, and of Common, to which the same are now subject, were extinguished, and if the said Lands and Grounds, except those called Riffley, were divided, and specifick Pirts or Shares thereof allotted to the respective Persons entitled to or interested in the fame, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests; buc as such Extinguishment, Division, and Allotment cannot be effectually made and eft lblished without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: iVLy it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conknc of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parl'amenc assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Tfia- Samuel Htyhoe Le Neve Gilman of Hingham in the said County of Norfolk Gentleman, John Dugmore of Swaffham in the said Counry Gentleman, and Hsriot Stand-banks of North Wootton in the said County Gentleman, and their Successors, to be elected in the Manner herein-aker provided, shall be and {hev are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing and allotting the Open Field, Half Year, or Shack Lands, Warrens or reputed Warrens, Heaths, Severals, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the said Parishes of Gaywood and Mintlyn respectively, and for carrying into Execution this Act, and such of the Power?, Directions, Regulations, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act as are nor expielsly altered, varied, or otherwise provided for and enacted by this Act; and that all Acts, Matters, and Things authorized or necessary to be done or txecuted by the said Commissioners, or their Successors as aforesaid, in pursuance of this and of the said recited Act respectively, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and shall be as good, valid, and effectual, and have the fame Force ana EfLd as if such Acts, Matters, and Things had been done and executed by all the said Commissioners herein-before named, or to be appointed in Manner herein expressed.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any One or more of the Commissioners herein named, or to be appointed as herein-after expressed, shall die or refuse to ad, or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Executi >n of this and the said recited Act, before all the Powers, Authorities, and Trusts hereby veiled in such Commissioners shall have been fully executed and performed, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Comm.flioner, and they and he are and is hereby required, at any Time within Forty Days next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall be known to them or him, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, to appoint another Person (not being interested in the intended

Division

480 GEOK GII III. Cap. 35.

Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner for the Purposes of this and the said recited Act, in the Place or Stead of each Commissioner so dying or refusing to act, or becoming incapable of aftiflg; and every Commissioner lb to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, after taking or subscribing the Oath or Affirmation prescribed in that Bhalf, have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution in all respects as it be had Deen named and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Commissioners Allowance who Hull aft in the Execution of this Act shall be paid and allowed the

Sum ot Three Potinds and Three Shillings, and no more, for every Day in which he shall attend in the Execution of this Act, or shall be engaged in going to or returning from any Meeting under the fame; which Sum of Th-ce Pounds and Three Shillings per Diem shall include and be in Sa'-isfaction of and for all Charges and Expences whatsoever incurred by him in going to, attending at, and returning from such Meeting or Meet* ings respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Notice of th.-y are hereby required to cause Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of their First and every other Meeting for the Execution of this Act, to be inserted in the Norfolk Chron'nli or Norwich Mercury, or in some other Newspaper published or circulated in the said County of Norfolk, Eight Days at lead befere every such Meeting (Meetings by Adj /urnment excepted); and if One only of the said Commissioners shall be present at the Time and Place to be appointed for any such Meeting, then and in such Case and so ofren as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for such One or Angle Commissioner to adjourn such Meeting to some Place within the said Parish of Gaywood, or within Eight Miles thereof, which he shall think convenient, giving Notice of such Adjournment to the absent Commissioners: Provided always, that all other Nonces necessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioners in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act shall be so made and given by Writing, to be fixed upon the principal ourer Door of the Parish Church of Gay-wood aforesaid, or by Advertisement in the said Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in some other Newspaper published or circulated in the said County of Norfolk.

V. And be it further enacted, That in order to shorten the Boundary Forfhorten-or Boundaries between the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be *?2 Bomdirj divided, allotted, and inclosed or discharged, and the adjoining Parish or *enc's’ Parishes respectively, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, with the Consent in Writing of the major Part in value of the Land Owners of such adjoining Parish or Parishes respectively, or such or so many of them as shall attend at a Meeting to be for that Purpose called, and also under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor or Manors in such adjoining Parish or Parishes respectively, and of the Owner or Owners of the Land upon which such Boundary or Boundaries shall 01 may be intended to be made as hereafter mentioned, to fit out, ascertain, and determine the Boundary Fences to be made between the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed or discharged, and the Lands lying in such adjoining Parish or

Parishes.,

5°8

Rtspecting Ent roach-meats.

Csmnvflion. ers to settle Di putt*

48° GEORGII III. Cap.

Parishes, as they the Paid Commissioners shall judge propeh for the Put*, poles aforesaid; and after such Boundaries shall be so set out, ufcertained, and determined, the same shall be inclosed and fenced or not by such Person or Persons respectively, and in such Manner and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall by their Award direct, and shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to be the Boundaries between the said P.rilhes of Gay wood and Mintlyn reflectively, or between both or either of those Parishes rtlpeftively, and such adjoining Parish or Parishes respectively as aforesaid; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which have at any Time within Twenty Years now last past been made upon the said Warrens or reputed Warren*, Heaths, Severals, Commons, and Waste Grounds, by this Act directed to be divided and allotted, or discharged from Rights of Common, shall be deemed to be Part of the Warrens or reputed Warrens, Heaths, Severals, Commons, and Waste Grounds to be la divided and allotted or discharged (except in such Cases as hereafter mentioned)’; and in case any Impute or DififtcT.ce shall arise touching any such Encroachment or Encroachments,"or the Extent thereof respectively, or respecting the Construction or Application of the Term Encroachment under this Act, such Dispute or Difference shall be finally determined by the said Commissioners: Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Encroachment or Iciofuie upon or < f any Parc or Pans of the said Warrens or reputed Warrens, Severals, Commons, and Waste Grounds lying within the said Parish of Gaywccd, and now belonging to or Parcel of the said Manor of Gaywcod. nude with the Consent of the Lord or Lords of the said Manor ot Gaywood, and entered or recorded in the Court Books, or upon the Rolls 1 f. the said Manor of Gaywcod, or which, having been made with or without such Consent, but not so entered or recorded, shall be accurately delineated or described on Paper, and shall be lo entered or recorded at any Time before the last Meeting of the said Commissioners for receiving Claims, with the previous Consent in Writing of ti e Lord of the Lid Manor ot Gay-wood-, and the Sreward of the said Manor of Gaywcod for the time being is henby required to enter or record the Delineaiion or DescriptLon of such Encroachment or Inclosure, when offered to him with such previous Ctnfent as aforesaid, in the Court Books or on the Rolls of the said Manor of Gaywcod; but no Person or Persons possessing or enjoying any Encroachment or Inclosure, entered or recorded or to be entered or recorded as aforesaid, shalJ, in respect thereof, be entitled to any Allotment out of any of the lands or Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interfiled or claiming to be interested

in the said intended Division and Allotment or Discharge, touching or concerning any Right of Manor, Soil, Warren, Several, Shackage, Sheepwalk, Foldcourse, or Common, or any other Right or Interdt which thry, or any of them, shall claim to have of or in any of the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted or discharged as aforesaid; or touching or concerning their respective Shares or Proportions of or in the lame respectively; of concerning any Allowance claimed or to be . T 5 made

4$# GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 509

made for plowing, sowing Turnips or Corn, laying down with Grass

Seed1, manuring or improving the said Lands or Grounds, or any

Part thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thtng

rel.ting to the said Division, Allotment, or Discharge, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, as well by the

Examination, Infotmation, or Evidence of Witnesses upon Oath, as

upon any other proper and sufficient Enquiry or Evidence, to examine

into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided that nothing in this Commission-

Act contained shall empower the said Commissioners to determine the ,ut", uin«

Ti le to any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatfutver.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners Commtinxn. shall, upon the Determination of any Claim or Claims, Oojeftion or coifs'. Objcftio s, to be delivered to them in pursuance of the said recited Act

or this Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties m whole Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Colleg:ate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be or have been disallowed or overruled, or against whom the said Commissioners shall have determined as aforesaid; and in case the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs cr Charges, shall neglect or retufe to pay the fame on Demand, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant under their Hands and heals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Difliefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or of the Body or Bodies Politick,

Corporate or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame Costs and Charges, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Goods or Chattels shall have been distrained and fold after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person Power to try or Persons, or any Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who fdue at La*w, shallmdeliver to the said Commissioners any Claim in Writing of any

Right or Interest in, upon, or over the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided or allotted, or discharged as aforesaid, or in, upon, or over any Part thereof, or who shall deliver to the said Commissioners any Objection in Writing to any such Claim of any other Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners touching or concerning any such Claim or Objection, or shall be desirous of having the Matter of such Claim or Objection decided by the Verdict of a Jury, and shall, within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination, cause Notice in Writing cf such Dissatisfaction or Desire to be delivered to or left at the left or usual Place of Abode of such Commissioners, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate (having given such Notice as aforesaid), to proceed to a Trial £5* Per.J 6 N at

5io

Commission-ci« may (lop up old Reads.

48* georg n 111. c^p. 35.

at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners at the then next or at the following Assizes-tobe held for the said County of Norfolk-, and-for that Purpose the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, having given such Notice as aforesaid, shall, within Three Calendar Months after such Determination, cause an /Vdtion to be commenced in One of-His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster upon a feigned liToe, again it the Pci fun or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, in whcl'e Favour such Determination shall have been made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Aitornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights, Inreieft it Interests thereby infilled upon, may be tried and determined (fuel) Issue or Issues to be lettled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and all Proceedings in such Action or Actions shall be subject to the Rules or Orders of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be brought, and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given upon the Trial of such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, unless the Cjiirt wherein such Action or Actions shall be broughr, shall fee aside such V. rdict or Verdidsi and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the said Court to do in case the said Court shall think proper; and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set afitle by the said Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are herthy required to ad in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Pic-vided always, that if no such Notice shall be given, or if any luth Notice shall be given, and such Action at Law shall net be commenced as aforesaid, or if any such Action shall be commenced, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall not proceed to Trial within the Time herein-before limited for that Purpose, then and in every such Case the Determination of the said Commissioners shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Pura poses whatsoever: Provided also, that if any of the Parties in any such Action to be brought or commenced as aforesaid shall die before the Detera mination thereof, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but ftull be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened; provided further, that no such Action, Verdict, or new Trial, shall impede or delay the said Coma missioners in the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in them, but the Division and Inclosure hereby directed to be made shall be proceeded in, in such and the same Manner as if no such Action or Suit were pending.

X. And be it further tnaded. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empoweied, with the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, acting in and for the Division in which the Road or Roads, Footpath or Footpaths herein-after mentioned, shall be fuuate, and who shall not be interfiled in the Repair of such Road or Roads, Footpath or Footpaths, to stop up and to direct to be discontinued any publk k Road or Roads, Footpath or Footpaths, within the said Patilhes of Gajwood and Alintljn, or either of them, or any private Road or Roads, Footpath or Footpaths, through any Part or Parts of the Lands or Grounds inctoled or 6 unindufed

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 3$.

uninclosed within the said respective Pjrishes or either of them, which to the said Commissioners shall appear useless or unnecessary: Provided always, that such Order so to be made shall be made in Manner and subject to Appeal to the Quarter SeUions of the Peace as in the said recited Act. is expressed: P oftded also, that none of the prefenc Roads or publick Highways within the said respective Parishes of Gaywood and Mintlyn, or either of them, shall be shut or flopped up or discontinued until the several Roads, intended to remain or he the publick Roads or Highways within those respective Parishes, shall be set out according to the Directions of the said recited Act, and shall be properly formed and made safe and convenient for Horses, Cattle, and Carriages; provided further, that it shall not be lawful for the Surveyor < r Surveyors of Roads, to be appointed by the said Commissioners under the Power contained in the said recited Act, to put into Repair, by or out of any of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, any old of present publick Roads or Highways within the said respective Parishes, or any publ ck Roads or Highways there made previously to the pairing of this Act, which shall be set out or appointed by the said Commissioners, to remain or be in futue publick Roads or Highways within those Parishes respectively, or any Part or Parts which shall be so set out or appointed of such publick Roads or Highways; but that all such old or prdent publick Roads or Highways, or publick Roads or Highways made previously to the polling of this Act, as shall be ftl set out and appointed, and every Part which shall be so set out or appointed of the fame publick Roads oh Highways, shall be first put into Repair by such Persons, and in likb Manner as such Roads and Highways are or ought by Law to be afterwards supported and kept in Repair.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for and notwithstanding any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof, they the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out and provide upon and over a certain Place called Saer’s Marsh, Part of the said Commons and Waile Grounds in Gaywood aforesaid, directed to be divided and allotted as aforesaid. One private Carriage Road of the Width of Eighteen Feet at the lead in the Clear, the same to extend in a South East Direction from the South End of a Lane called Gaywood Lane otherwise Gaywood Hospital Lane, to a Bridge over a publick Drain opening into certain Lands or Grounds situate in the Parish of South Lynn dll Saints, in the said County of Norfolk, formerly the Estate of John Exton Esquire, deceased, afterwards belonging to Martha Prior, and now vested in the Trustees of Mary Fcjler, and George Edward Graham Esquire, and Mary his Wife; and also to set out and provide another private Carriage Road of the like Width, to extend in a South or South-West Direction from the aforesaid Souih End of the said Lane to the aforesaid Drain or a Continuation thereof, passing on the North or Nonh-East Side of other Pieces or Parcels of the fame Lands opposite to a Fence that now separates or divides certain Pieces or Parcels of those Lands, and now in the respective Occupations of William Creek and Ifaguey Hadley, and of Harvey Goodwin, or Joseph Wales his Under-Tenant: So that the said respective Carriage Roads shall and may at all Times for ever hereafter be used and enjoyed by the respective Owners and Occupiers of the aforesaid Lands respectively, in lieu of the present Roads or Ways claimed and exercised by them upon and over the said Marsh called Saer’s Marsh-, they the Owners and Occupiers of the said Pieces or Parcels of Land crefting at

their

5"

None of the present Roa)« to he ifopped up until others Ihah niivfcbBen

(el out.

For mnking pri ate Roads ro South Lynn Lands.

512

For Discharge of Riehts on Riffley. '

Allotment for Common Right Owner in Sjuth Wootton.

48° GEORGII III. Gap:%$.

their own Expence the Bridge that shall be thrown over the said Drain in the Place lad mentioned, and for ever herraltcr keeping and mainU'mng the lame in Repair.

XII. And be it further enided, That as soon as conveniently may be after the said Commissioners shall have received, considered, and determined upon the Claims of the resp<-dive Pt-rfons claiming Rights of Common 0»r other Rights in, over, or upon the said Lands or Trails called Rffley, otherwise Riffley Wood, Rffley Cot/men, and Rffley Fen, the said Commissioners shall elbmate and aiceit<do what Sum ot Money ought to be paid as and for the Value of or as a Compensation and Satisfaction for or in lieu of such Rights of Common or other Rights as shall be allowed by them, or for the Discharge or Exoneration of the fame Lands or IraCU from such Rights, and shall award and direct the fame Money to be paid accordingly; which Sum so to be awarded and directed to be paid shall be paid by the said Sir Martin Browne Folkes, or the Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors of the Soil of Lie fame Lands or Trails called Rffley, otherwi c R ffley Wood, Rffley Common, and Riffly Fen, un;o the said Commissiontrs or as they shall dhedt to be by them applied in Manner herein-after mentioned: And upon and from and after such Payment, all and every such Rights of Common and other Rights in, ove*, or upon the said Lands or Traits called Riffley, oiheiwife R'ffley Woody R ffley Common, And Riffley Fen in respect of which such Payment shall be lo made, shall ceaie, determine, and be for ever extinguifl-.ed; and in case the said Sir Martin Browne Folkes, or the Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors of the said Lands or Traits called Riffley, otherwise Riffley Wood, Riffley Comm.n, and Rffley Fen, shall refnfc, or for the Space of Two Calendar Months shall neglect to pay the Sum so to be awarded and directed to be paid according to the Award and Direction of the said Commissioners, the said Lands or Tracts called Riffly, otherwise Rffley Wood, Rffley Common, and Rffley Fen, shall be considered as Part of the Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Parish oi Gay wood, to be appropriated for Sale, or divided and allotted respect'vdy according to the other Directions and Provisions of this and the said tecited Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall when they shall have received the Sum or Sums of Money for the Discharge or Exoneration, or Extinguishment of the Rights of Common and other Rights and Interests in, over, or upon the said Lands or Tracts called Rffley, otherwise Riffley Wcod, Rffley Common, and Riffley Fen, fix and ascertain the jolt Proportion of the Money so received, which shall be a Satisfaction for or be paid for or in respect of such of the said Ri hes or Interests as may belong to the Owners of Common Right Messuages, and Cottages fituaie in South Wootlon in the County aforesaid, andaccorl-ing to cne Amount or Value of that Proportion of Money to allot fu i> Parc or Paris of the Commons and Waste Grounds to be divided and allotted under this Act, unto and among!! the Owners ot Common R gat Messuages, and Cottages situate in South Wootten aforesaid, accordir,; to their respective Rights and Interests, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal to that Amount or Value, the proportionate art of the Expences of passing and executing this Act chargeable on these Owners being Grit deducted.

, 43." GEORGII Ilf;'-f Cap.^35. 5xj

XIV. And, with regard to the: Op$n Field, Half. Year, or Shack Allotment Lauds within the said Parish of Gaywocd, be it further enacted, Thar the "t

laid Commissionets shall Rafter having set out and appointed such. publick in Gaywootf, Carriage Roads and Highways through, over, and upon the said Op n Field Lands as they shall judge necessary) allign, set our, and allot che said Open Field, Half Year, or Shack Lands unto and amongst the Itveral Owners and.Proprietors thereof, and unto and amongst the fever*! other Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, having any Right or Interest in,io, upon, or over the fame, or any Part thereof in lucl) Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners ffi-ll adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of and a full Compensation and Satisfaction to such Owners and Proprietors, and Person or Persons,

Body or Bodies respectively for his, her, and their respective Pam and Shares of and in such Lands, and for hi» her, and iheix respective Rights and Interests in, to, upon, and over the fame respectively.

XV. And, with regard to the said Warrens or reputed. Warrens, Seve- Allotment for rals. Commons, and Waste Grounds within the said Parish of Gaywcod,

other than and except the said Lauds or Tracis called Riffley, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, in the first. Place, assign, let out, and allot unto the; Lord or Lady for the Time being of the said Manor of Gaywood, so much and such Pa/t or Part of the aforesaid Warrens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, hereby dfteded to be allotted within the said Patish of Gaywood, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commit lionets be equal in Value tq One-eighteqnth Part of those Warrens, or reputed Warrens, Commons, and Waste Grounds, by Way of Comprnfation and in foil Satisfaction for the Right of such Lord and Lady relpedivrly of, in, and to the Soil of the said Warrens/Commons, and Waste Grounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall In Allotment for the next Place assign, set our, and allot unto all and every Person and f

Persons, and Body and Bodies Politick, Corpqrate or Collegiate, having shtepwiiic, any Right or Rights of Warren for Rabbits, or Right or Rights of *£'G,y* Sheepwalk or Foldcourse in, upon, or over all or any Part or Parts of the said Warrens or reputed Warrens, Open Field, Half Year or Shack Lands,. Commons, and Waste Grounds respectively within the said Parish of Gyjjood, other than and except the said Lands or Tracts called Rtffity, such Parts and Parcels of the fame Warrens or reputed Warrens, Field,

Half Year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds respectively within tbac Parish, other than and excepc as aforesaid, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be an adequate Compensation for and lulfy equal in Value to such his, her, or their several and respective Right or Rights of Warren, and Right or Rights of Sheepwalk or Fojd-Course as aforesaid1.

i^VII. And be it further enacted, That ^he said-Commissioners shall Partcf the also appropriate and fijj out by Stakes* Landmarks, or other descriptive Bounds, such Part or Parcel or parts or, P.acels of the Warrens or reputed Groun.iffn WarrenS, Several#, Commons, and Waft^. Grounds lying within the said Gaywcod to Parish of Gajwcdd, tjth'er than, and except ^Ke laid panels-or Tracts called Idling two I. Rijffey, as will in the Judgement oi ;h,e said Commissioners produce, by Sale thereof'respectively,'To much Money as, with the Su,.n to be paid-for the D scharge or Exoneration of the said Lands or Tracts called Rrfll'y [Laf. G? fV.] 6 0 fresh

5T4 48’ GEOfiGU III. Cap. i$.

fr8m Common and Other Rights as aforesaid, will amount unto the Sum of One thousaftd Pounds, in case tlfe Sum lo to be paid for such Discharge of Exoneration shall be less than the Sum of One thousand Pounds; and such Lands so appropriated and set out shall be fold, and the Money arising by Sale thereof, together with the Sum to be received for furn Discharge or Exoneration of the said Lands or Tradis called Rtffley as aforesaid, (half be applied in Manner and for the Porpoles hertiti-after mentioned.

Allotment to

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall

MeUp«orof *en a(%n» f« oot> and allot unto the Lord or Lady of the Manor of

Gaywood. Gaywood aforesaid, the Rtdlor of the Rectory of Gaywood aforesaid, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Gay-wood for the Time being, and to their Surccflurs for ever, as Trustees for the poor Inhabitants of the said Panlh of Gaywood legally settled therein, such Part or Parts of the Severals, Commons, and Waste Grounds within that Parish, other than and except as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners shall think most proper and judge reasonable for the Purposes herein-after mentioned; and such Allotment or Allotments shall, on the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, be vested in the Lord or Lady of the said Manor of Gaywood, the Rector of the said Rectory, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Gaywood for the Time being, for ever, as Trustees for the poor Inhabitants of the said Parish of Gaywood legally settled therein; to the Intent that the said Trustees for the Time being do and shall permit and suffer such of the poor Inhabitants of the said Parish of Gaywood who shall be legally settled therein, as shall not occupy Lands or Tenements of mo'e than the yearly Value of Ten Pounds, to cut, take, and use Whins, Furze, Turf, Flags, Peat and Fuel (if any there be), on such Part or Parts of the said Allotment or Allotments, in such Quantities, and at such Time or Times in each and every Year, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them shall from Time to Time direct or appoint, and not otherwise-, and the fvd Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, are also hereby empower' d from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to lease or demise the Whole or any Part or Parts of the said Allotment or Allotments which shall not produce Whins, Furze, Turf, Flags, Peat or Fuel, or which shall not be appropriated by the said Trustees for that Purpose, or the Grass Feed and Herbage to grow, renew and arils from such Allotment or Allotments respectively, as the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them shall from Time to Time think proper, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term of Yeats not exceeding Fourteen Years, to commence in Possession end not in Reversion; so that in every such Lease there be reserved and made payable to the said Trustaes for the Time being, by Quarterly or Half-yearly Payments in every Year, the best or mod improved yearly Rent or Rents that can be obtained for the fame, without taking any Income, Fine, Premium, or Foregift in Consideration of granting such Lease or Leaks; and that in all such L.eases there be contained the usual Covenants and Stipulations between Lefturs and Ledees, and such other Covenants and Stipulations, and such Security for the Petformance of the fame, as the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall think most proper to be inferred therein; and the Rents and Profits arising from the said Allotment or Allotments 6 so

5*5

. y r \ f[xj HO ’T £)

48° GEORGII III. Cap.^. Dm(h

so let or demised, shall from Time to Time be laid out in the Putchafe of fuel, and such Futl shall be distributed amongst such poor Inhabitants as aforesaid, of the said Parish of Gaywood, as shall be legally settled therein, and delivered at their respective Dwelling Houses there in such Proportions and Quantities, in such Manner, at such Times in every Year, and according to such Rules and Orders, as the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall appoint and prescribe for that Purpose, and not otherwise; and the Remainder, if any, of the Allotment or Allotments which shall not be appropriated for taking Whins, Furze, Turf, Flags, Peat, and Fuel as aforesaid, nor shall be so let or demised as aforesaid, shall be used and enjoyed solely and exclusively by such poor Inhabitants of the said Parish of Gaywood as shall be legally settled therein, and shall not occupy Lands or Tenements of more than the yearly Value of Ten Pounds, as a Common of Pasture for all Geese, Stock, and Cattle which shall really and bond fide be the Property of such poor Inhabitants, in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, and according to such Rules and Regulations, as the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall appoint and prefer the for thac Purpose, and not otherwise: Provided always, that in case the Rrnts and Profits of such Allotment or Allotments shall at any Time or Times be more than sufficient to answer the Purposes for which the fame is or are hereby directed to be fer our, then and in every such Case the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall and they are hereby required to apply and dispose of the Overplus of such Rents and Profits for the Relief of the Poor for whose Benrfic such Allotment or Allotments shall be so set out, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall think propers provided that the Expence of Carriage of any Fuel which may be purchased for the Relief or Bcntfic of the poor Inhabitants aforesaid shall be borne and paid out of the General Poor’s Rate of the said Parish of Gaywood’. Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the Lord or Lady of the said Manor of Gaywood, and the Rector of the said Rectory for the Time being respectively, to act in the Execution of iheTrufts hereby reposed in them as aforesaid by their respective Agents cr Pioxies, such Agents or Proxies respectively being or having been appointed by Writing under the Hands of the said Loro, Lady, and Rector respectively, and producing their respective Appointments ar the Time of their acting by virtue thereof, if required so to do j but no Person shall act as Agent or Proxy for more than One Trustee at the same Time.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, if they shall think fit, assign, set out, and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being within the said Parish of Gaywood, and to their respective Successors for ever, such Part and Parcel, or Parts and Parcels of the Commons and Waste Grounds hereby dirtfted to be divided and allotted within that Parish, as the said Commissioners shall think nectf. fary and most convenient for publick Watering Places for Cattle, and for publick Gravel Pits; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be inclosed and fenced in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall dirtft, and when set out shall for ever thereafter be used by the Surveyors for the Time being of the Highways, and by the respective Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Parish of Gaywood, and their respective Tenants for the Time being, in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and the respective Surveyors

Arpl’ca'.ioit of Ovetplus Rents of Pool ’ Allotment.

Allotment#

for Gravel Pit?, and for

Watering P ate* In Gaywood.

5i6

Allotment of the V lue of Th:ee Acres to act. Commi n Right Messuage in Gaywcad.

Allo’ment of the Residue in Garwood.

Allotment of Lands in M ntlvn.

t unao.H

Wi

of the Highv^y^ for the Itraoi being of aed wkhin the said Pirish of Gayuoed, of the major Bast of them, shall order, direct, and appoint, and not otherwise.

8-dEohGfi

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall assign, set out, and allot unto the several Owners of Messuages or Cottages in the said Parish of Gayuood, having in respect thereof Righc of Common upon the Commons and Waste Grounds in chat Parish or any Part thereof, such Part or Portion, Parts or Portions of the Lands hereby d rafted to be divided and allotted, lying-within the Parish of Gaywaod aforesaid, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be equal in Value per Annum to the annual average Value of Three Acres of the said Commons and Waste G ound«, for each and every such Messuage or Cottage, over and above the Allotment or Allotments to which the Owner or Owners of each such Messuage or Cottage respectively may, in respect or in Right thereof, and of the Lands thereto respectively belonging or appurtenant, be or become entitled to have in the Division.and Allotment of the Residue of the said Commons and Waste Lands* under the Directions next herein-after contained. .* n skv-v % o,sl rrl- ? - . % n=.i-. t,

!.ee jtie 9w. 1: > V& yem bos ,r*Ariti3ull4 twto*4

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall then assign, set out, and allot all the Residue and Remainder of the said Warrens or reputed Warrens, Severals, Commons, and Waste Grounds lying within the said Parish oi.Gaywtod, other than and except the said Lands or Tracts called Riffley, unto and among the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, and onto and among the several other Persons, and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, having any Right or Interest m, to, upon or over the fame Warrens or reputed Warrens, Severals, Commons, and Waste Grounds respectively, except as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, in such Shares and Proportions as the Lid Commissionets shall adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of and a full Compensation and Satisfaction to such Owners and Proprietors and Body or Bodies respectively, for his, her, and their respective Parts and Shares of such Warrens or reputed Warrens, Severals, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and for his, her, and their respective Rights and Interests in, to, upon, and over the fame respectively.

XXII. Ar.d, with regard to the Warrens or reputed Warrens, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the said Parish of Mintlyn, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, after having fee out and appointed, according to the Directions of the said recited Act, such publick Carriage Roads and Highways upon, through, and over me said Warrens or reputed Warrens, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, as they shall judge necessary to be or remain publick Carriage Roads and Highways, assign, set out, and allot all the Residue and Remainder of the said Warrens or reputed Warrens, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds within the said Parish of Mintlyn, unto the Lord for the Time being of the herein-before mentioned Manor or reputed Manor of Have-lejfe in Mintlyn, for or in respect of such Righc or Interest as he shall appear to have in or to the Soil of the said Warrens or reputed Warrens* Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, and unto the Owner or Proprietor, or several Owners or Proprietors, as the Case may be, of the lame Warrens or reputed Warrens, Heaths, Commons,

48° GEORGII III. Cap.%5. $17

and Wide Grounds, and the several other Persons, and Body or B iditfs Polititk, Corporate or Collegiate, having any Right of Common, Sheep-walk, or Foldcourse, or any other such Right or Interest ins to, upon, or over the fame respectively, or any Part thereof, in fu< h Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of and a full Compensation or Saii faction to isjc.ii Lord, Owner, and Proprietor, Owners and Proprietors, and Body and Bodies respectively, for his, her, and their respective Parcs and Shares of such Warrens or reputed Warrens, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and for his, her, and their respective Rights and Interests in, to, upon, and over the fame respectively.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the Lid Scheme of Commissioners shall have ascertained the respective Rights and Interests of be marked the respective Proprietors in the Lands and Grounds to be divided and upon a Plan allotted by virtue of this Act, and also the respective Shares and Propor- Jhe ProSne?* tions by them the said Commissioners propoftd to be allotted to such Pro- tors, prieto s respectively, for or in respect of such Rights and Interests, they

the said Commissioners shall give Notice of some convenient Time and Place when and where the said Proprietoi s may be informed of such pro* posed Allotments, and may fee the Scheme thereof set out and delineated upon a Map or Plan thereof to be produced to such Proprietors for their lafpeftion; and as feme of those Proprietors may, upon Inspection of such Map, be dissatisfied with the proposed Allotments, the said Commissioners shall, at such Time and Place as last aforesaid, or at some other Time and Place to be appointed for that Purpose, receive Statements in Writing of the Objections against such proposed Allotments, and shall forthwith, or as loon after as conveniently may be, determine the fame, and their Determination shall be final and concluflve.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Common or Persons hath or have loid, or contracted or agreed to fell, or shall, at Aifotment'to any Time within Three Calendar Months before the Execution of the ben'.adeto Award of the said Commissioners, ftll or contrail, or agree to fell his, thi: ?"‘ckaier. her, or their Right, Interest, and Property in the said Lands or Grounds

hereby directed to be divided and a'lotted, or any Part thereof, to any other Person or Persons, and shall, within Two Calender Months before the Execution of such Award, deposit with the said Commissioners or their Clerk a written Agreement or Contract dating such Sale, and signed by the respective Parties to such Agreement or Contract, or a Copy thereof, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser mentioned in such respective Sale, Central, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns, for and in respef.t of such Right, Interest, and Property so fold, or con-ttacied or agreed to be sold, as aforesaid; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, or his or her Heirs or Assigns, shall and may. Irons and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Vender in every such Sale, Contrast, or Agfcement, might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyea the fame, in ode such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or such Righf. Interest, or Property were or had been veiled in such Vender at

ILoc. />«-.] 6P it.c

For extm-guidon* or (ufiiending Rights of Common before the Award-

No Turf or Flag' to be cut after the patting of this Act, without Leave of the Commissionera.

4»° GtOKGII HI. V3jfi§£

the Time of making such Allotment as aforesaid: Provided fuMftrV,' that' every such written Agreement or Contrail, if relating to aAy Right, Interest, or Property appurtenant to or claimed in reaped of any Mvifuagr, Cottage, or Land holden by Copy of Court Roll of any Manor, shall, to give it complete Effect as aforesaid, be first inrotled or entered in the Court Books, or on the Rolls of such Manor; and when so inrollrd or entered, or delivered to the Steward for InroJIment or Entry, shall have the Effect of a Surrender to the Use of such Vendee or Purchaser, and his or her Heirs and Assigns, according to the Custutn of the Manor; but nothing herein contained shall extend to piejudjce, defeat, or diminish the Right of the Lord of the Manor to such Fines and custumary Payment as may be due or payable to him upon the Change of the Tenant.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, at any Time before the Execution of their Award, by Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the principal outer Door of the Church of Gaywood aforesaid, to order and dirtit all or any Rights of SheepwaHc or FoldcouTe, and of Shackage or Common in, over, and upon the said Open Field, Half Year or Shack Lands, Warrens, Heaths, Commons, and Walle Grounds, or any Part thereof, to be extinguished wholly or in Part, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended wholly or in Part, for and during fetch Time as shall be exprtffed in such Writing; and that all such Rights as thef«ld Commissioners shall by such Writing order and direct to be so liktinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be so suspended as aforesaid, shaft, from the Time of affixing such Writing on the said Church Door,'Cease, determine, and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof be suspended accordingly; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person whomfnever, from and after the passing of this Act, to cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry away any Turf, Flags, or Whins in, rtpon, or from the said Warrens, Heaths, Severals, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without the Licence of the said Commissioners first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose (which Licence the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant, so far as regards the Warrens, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds lying in Gaywood aforesaid, buc not those in Minllyn, under such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Rdtriitions as they shall think proper to inferc in afiy Inch Licence); and if any Person shall, after the passing of this Act, cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry away any Turf, Flags, or Whins, in, upon, or from the said Warrens, Heaths, Severals, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without or contrary to such Licence as aforesaid, the said Commissioners, or any Justice of thfc Peace for the said County of Norfolkr, upon due Proof thereof miidc before them or him respectively upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners or any such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), shall and they or he are or is hereby required, by Warrant under Hand and Seal directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause® any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds to be levied by Distrefsl ind Sate of the Goods and Chattels of any Person offending in the Prcrmfes, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person whbfe;Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Colts

6 and

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

tnd Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Money so to be levied a*Caforesaid shall be applied towards defraying the Cpfts and Charges of obtaining and executing this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, until the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners. no Part of the Meadow or Pasture Lands (if any) hereby directed to be divided and allotted shall be plowed up or converted into Tillage, with-out the Consent of the said Commissioners first had and obtained in Writing for that Purpose; and that all the Open Field and Arable Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall during that Time be subject and liable to such Directions and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time by Writing under their Hands prescribe and appoint, as well with regard to the flocking as to the plowing, folding, tilling, sowing, and laying down the fame; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order and direct such Sum and Sums of Money in respect thereof to be paid by any Person interested in the said Open Field or Arable Lands respectively, or any Part thereof, or by his or her Tenant, to any other Person in like Manner interested therein, or to his or her Tenant, as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable; and in case any Person, who shall be directed to pay any Sum or Sums of Money on any of the Accounts aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay the lame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to raise and levy the same for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as any of the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Part thereof, can or may be raised and levied,

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That convenient Gaps and Openings shall be left in the Fences and Inclosures to be made in pursuance of this Act, for the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, for the PafT.tge of Cattle, Carts, and Carriages into and through the fame, unless the several Parties interested therein shall agree that the fame may be sooner flopped up and inclosed.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Sheep or

Lambs shall be kept in any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act (whereon any new Fence shall be raised) during the Space of Seven Years next after the Execution of the said Award, unless the Person keeping the same shall first, at his, her, or their own Expence, make and maintain a sufficient Fence to guard and protect the young Fences belonging to such Allotments respectively, from being hurt or damaged by such, Sheep or Lambs (whether such young Fences be made or set by the Owner or Occupier of such Allotments as aforesaid, or by the Owner or Occupier of the Allotment or Allotments adjoining the reto); and in case any Person shall turn in or keep any Sheep or Lambs in any such Allotment or Allotments, without raising and keeping up fuel} Fences as aforesaid* it shall be lawful for the Owner or Owners of any adjoining Allotment or Allotments, to enter into such Allotment or Allotments, when, where, and so often as such Sheep or Lambs shall be so turned in or kept, and fyom Time to lime to take, drive away, and impound the fame, as Damage feafant.

5*9

Commit!; oner. to direct the Course of Huibaudry.

For leaving Gap;.

No Sheep to be kept in the new Inclosures for Seven Years.

320

Satisfaction for unequal fencing.

Allotment* to be of the fame Tenure as the L inds for hi til they are at. lotted.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 2$.

XXX. And be it further enacted, Thar if, from the Nature or Nect-fTi j ot Situation, or from any other Circumstance, it shall happen that One or more of the said Proprietors shall not have a fair or proportionate Share of Boundary or other Fencing allotted to him, her, or them, on the said inrended Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Comm:fli mers, where they shall judge it necessary and reasonable, to award, ascertain* order, and appoint a Sum or Sums of Money to be paid or contributed determined by such Proprietor or Proprietors respectively towards making the said Fences of the Allotments of such other of the Proprietor or Proprietors who shall or may have a greater Proportion of the Fencing allotted to him, her, or them, by virtue of this Act; the same Sum to be settled by the said Commissioners in such Manner as they shall think proper; and the Money so ordered, directed, and appointed to be paid, shall tie raised, levied, and recovered in such and the same Manner as the Expences of this Act (not payable out of any Monty raiftd by Sale of Land) are herein ordered and directed to be levied and recovered.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Lands and Grounds which shall be allotted by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act respectively, to any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, for or in lieu or in respect of any Messuages, Cottages, or Lands holden by Copy of Court Roll of any Manor or Manors, or for or in lieu or in respect of any Leasehold Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, or for or in respect of any Right of Shackage or Sheepwalk or Foldcourse, or of Common or other Right or Interest appurtenant or appendant to any such Copyhold or Leasehold Premif.s, shall, from and for ever after the Execution of the said Award, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold oi Leasehold respectively, and shall be held as such by and under the fame Tenure, Rents, Payments, Fines, Culloms, arid Services as the Copyhold or Leasehold Messuages, Cottages, or Lands respectively, for or in lieu or in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, are now holden; and that all and every Person or Persons to whom any such Copyhold Lands or Grounds shall be allotted as aforesaid, shall, within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame without paying any Fine or other Charge to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or to the Steward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors respectively (save and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchment requiftte to be used for the Copies of such Adnnflions respectively, and such reasonable Fees to the respective Stewards of the said Manors as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award older and direct); but in case the Person or Persons to whom such Lands or Grounds shall be allotted shall die or alienate by Sale without Admission within the Lid Six Calendar Months, or claim as a Vendee or Purchaser under an Agreement or Contraft as herein-before provided, then the Customary Fines, Fees, and other Payments shall be due and payable on the Admission or Admissions of the Person or Persons then entitled to such Lands and Prtmifes; and after every such first AdmiUion, the Copyhold Lands and Premises which shall have been so allotted as aforesaid shall at all Times be holden under and subject to the fame Tenure, Fines, and ether Payments as the preftht Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, or Lands, in respect whereof such Lands or Grounds so allotted, are now respectively holden under and are subject to; and the said Commissioners are hereby required to determine and to describe and abut in and

' by

521

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

by their said Awferd* and in ami'by the Map or Plan to bt thereto annexe* all the Lands and Grounds so alloued which are to be and /ma n Copy-hold or Leasehold, and all other Lands and Grounds' to be allotted by virtue of the Lid recited Act or this Act (except what shall He so ascertained by the said Commissioners in their said Award to be Copyhold of Leasehold) shall from thenceforth be deemed, taken, and enjoyed as Freehold Lands and Grounds respectively, subject nevertheless to- such Free Rent) and Services or other reserved Rents as are now payable out of the respective Preniifes, for or in respect whereof the lame Lands and GiOunds respectively shall or may have been so allotted.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Leases and other Agreements at Rack or extended Rent which are now fubfiitLg or relate to all or any P-rt of the Meffoages, Buildings, Land', Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said respective Parishrs of Gaywood and Minflyn, or either of them, cither alone or together with any other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in any adjoining Pa.ifh or Panfbes, shall, so far only as such Leases cr Agre< meats relate to or assess any of the Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted, or cxchmged under this or the said recited Act respectively, c afe, determine, and be void immea diately after the Execution of the said Award, or within such further Time as the said Commissioners shall appoint; and the respective Tenants or Lessees of the fame Premises shall receive from the respective Owner9 and Proprietors thereof such Sums of Money as the said Conn-iifiioners shall alceruin as reasonable to be paid to such Tenanc or Tenants as an Equivalent for the fame; and if the Money so to be ascertaitied as aford-said shall not be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same within Ten Days after Demand made thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Co- imissioners. and they are hereby required ro raile and levy the same for the Ule and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways sod Means as any of the Coils, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act or any Part thereof, can or maybe raised or levied: Provided always, that if there shall be any Lease of Lands, Partef which shall lie in either of the said resp. ftive Parishes of Gaywood and Mintlyn, and Part in any adjoining Parish, all and every such Le ,fe and Leases upon Rack Rent now subsisting may be vacared; but where any Land shall have been taken in Exchange, which Land shall be under Lease and wholly ficuate in an adjoining Parish, the Lease of such last mentioned Land shall not be vacated.

XXXIII. Frov;ded always, and be it further enacted, That nothin^ herein contained shall vacate, annul, or determine, or be conllrned to vacate, annul, or determine :the present. fubfrfting Indenture of Le f-bearing.Da'e the Fourth Day of December in the Year One th miand eight hundred and four, made between the R erend the Dean ai d Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Norwich (.,4 L-fL.s) f- the On- Part, and DanM Lack of Gaywood aforesaid. Gentleman-, (as L fie-) of he other Part, of:h certain Foldcourse and Lands therewith ‘demised in Gcnvocod aforesaidi but that the said Indenture of Leaf- shall be, remtin, and continue in full Force, and the said Daniel Lack his E*et utiVs, Admi-mftratorvaodAffigns, shall hold and enjoy the Lands and Grounds which shall.by ' irtue of this Act be allotted to the said Dean arid Chapter, or to the said Daniel Lack as their LefTte, for or in lieu or in respect of any

\Loc. & Per.2 6 Lands

Le3fes and other Agree* meats to be void, on n aking Tenants Satisfaction*

Saving Lr»re ot ihe Dtan a id c_h:»p tr f Norwich so Daniel Lack.

522

Wj It and

Settlements not to be affected.

Distinct Allotments to be made for Lands bolder, for diffet ent Efla.es, Ac.

48° GEORG 11 IH. Cap. 35.

Lands comprized in the said Indenture of Lease, or as a Compensation or in Sotisiaflion for any such Rights or Interests comprized in the said Lease as are intended to be extinguished by this Act for the lame T erm of Years, under the fame Rents, and in the same Manner as he or they might or could have held and enjoyed the Lands, Rights, and Interests respectively comprized in the said Indenture of Lease in case this Act had not been made.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be cor.tlrucd to extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will, whether only ambulatory, or m actual Operation, by the Death of the Testator or Devi for, or any Deed or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted, or exchanged by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, or any Parc thereof respectively (except by a Lease or by Leaf* at Rack Rent); but that each and every Proprietor shall stand and be leifed of the iever.il Ltnds and Grounds to be allotted and given in Exchange to him or her by vi tue of this Act and the said tecited Act, to such and the same Uses, and f tr such and the fame Estates, and fuojeft to such and the fame Wiils, Jointure', Rents, Charges, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the several Messuages, Buildings, and Lands whereof such Proprietor was leiled or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the Awa d to be made by the said Commissioners, or for which, or in relp ft wheteof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subj; ft to, charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been made.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Proprietor or Proprietors of any Messuages, Lands, or oth; - Hered; am. nts hereby or by the said recited Act authorized to be divided, allotted, or exchanged, shall hold his, her, or their respective Messuages. Lands, or Hererlua-ments by different Tenures, or for different Estates, or under different Tales, the said Commissioners shall, upon the Request of such Proprietor or Piop ierors in Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, afe tain and distinguish the Messuages, Lands, or other Hereditaments h; id b each of such Tenures, for each of such Estates, and under each of such 1'iiles respectively, and shall accordingly in their laid Award f-t out disttnft and separate Allotments for such reipcftive Messuages, Land', or other Hereditaments; and where, from the Want of the nectffiry It for. mation before the said Commissioners, or from any other Caule, they shall have omitted in their Award to ascertain and distinguish as herein-before is required, such different Tenures, different Estates, and different Titles, and after the making of the said Award, Request shall be made to the Lid Commissioners by any Person or Persons interested, by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to have such Omiffi >n supplied by a separate Ittflrument, then and in every such Case the said C mtuilli rners are hereby authorized to do every Thing necessary for supplying loch Omiffi n, and so far as that Purpose shall requite, to examine Witnesses, and in every other Respect to proceed and aft as if their Award had not been matte; and when they shall have obtained what titty shall think sufficient Informa. tion, they are hereby also authorized by Deed or fnilrument in Writing under their Hands and Seals, by Way or in the Nature of a Supplemental

Award,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Award, to ascertain and distinguish the Difference of Tenures Effaces, and Titles respectively, and accordingly to make distinct and several Allot-merits in the same Manner as is hereby required for making the Distine-lion or D.fcnminati >n in the original Award; and a Copy, signed and atteffed by the Did Commissioners, of every such Deed or Instrumenc shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being for the said County of Norfolk, wiih the Copy of the original Award; and every such fepa^ate Deed or Instrumenc shall, from and immediately after the Execution thereof by the said Commissioners, have the fame Effect to all Intents and Purposes as if the Contents thereof had been infated in their original Award; and the fame Deed or Instrumenc shall, when executed, be delivered to the Person or Persons at whose Request any such Omission shall have been supplied, or to the Person or Persons to whom the Custody of the Deeds and Writing concerning the Title to the Premises in Question shall, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners, moll properly belong; and all the Expences which shall have been reaforialdy incurred in or about such separace Deed or Instrument and Copy respectively, shall be payable and paid by the Person or Persons who shall have so requested the said Commissioners to supply such Omission as aforesaid, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators; and the said Deed or Instrument and Copy, or any Copy thereof attested by the said Commissioners, or by the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, shall be Evidence in all C urts whatever, in the same Manner as hereby provided with respect to the original Award and Copies thereof respectivety.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Comm (ILners shall and may scour out, deepen, and widen, or enufe to be Icoured out, deepened, and widened respectively, all or any and such of the ancient ur present Rivulets, Brooks Stream , Ditches Drains, and Watercourses, Tunnels, and Bridges within the said Parishes of Gaywocd and Mintlyn, or either of them, as they shall think proper; and also let out, appoint, and make such new Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Gates, Banks, and Biidges, as well ihrough and over the said Warrens, Heaths, Several, Commons, and Waste Grounds, as in, over, and through any ancient Inclosures within the said respective Parishes or either of them (making such Sarisfaction to the Proprietors of such ancient Inclosures for the Damage done thereby as they shall think reasonable), and of such Depth and Width and in fuih Directions as they the said Commissioners shall also think proper; and the said Commissioners shall and may and they are hereby authorized and required, in and by their Award, to order and direct by whom and at whose Expence, and at what Time and in what Manner any such new Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Gates, Banks, and Bridges respectively shall be made and afterwards cleansed, Icoured, repaired, and maintai: ed: Provided always, that no Brook or Stream of Water shall be diverted or turned without the Con-lent of 1 he Owner or Proprietor, Owners or Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds Lorn whi.h any such Brock or Stream shall be diverted, and into which any such Brook or Stream shall be turned: Provided also, that it shall not be lawful for the Did Commissioners to diverr, turn, or vary the Course of that Part of Gaywood River which lies between a Place or Bridge in Gaywood aforesaid called Double Bridge, and the Town of King's Lynn in the said County, nor to divert, turn, or alter the said Rivci in any Part of it, so as to impede or obstruct the regular and full Plow of

Water

Power*

Comn to m Drain &c«

5*+

Direction* respecting the Sale of Lands set apart for Sale towards defraying; certain Expences.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 25*

Water to the Publick Works established at and near the Town of King'* Lynn aftvelaid, for the Purpose of supplying the Inhabitants of that Town with ficlh Water.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall with all convenient Speed, after the passing of this Act, appoint a Time and Place for Sale of the Land which shall have been by them appropriated and set out for Sale as herein-before directed, of which Time and Place Six Weeks previous Notice shall be inferred in the Norfolk Chron cle and Norwich Mercury, or One of them, or in some other Newspaper published or circulated in the said County of Norfolk; and such L.<nd, cither together or in separate Lots or Parcels, shall be offered to Sale before the said Commissioners at the Time and Place appointed so. that Purpose; and the Person or Persons who shall then and there offer the larged Sum of Money for such Land, or any Lot or Parcel 'hereof, shall be the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, he, she, or they immediately paying (by Way of Deposit), One-fifih P rc of hr, her, or their Pu chale Money, and paying the Residue of such Purchase Money wi n n Two Calendar Months afterwards, or at such other Time as the lain Cou;-missioners shall appoint, unto them the said Commissioners or One of them, whose Receipt shall fuflkiently discharge such Purclialcr or Purchasers from any Concern in or Nectflity of seeing to the Application thereof; and the said Commissioners shall thereupon, at the Cuds and Charges of such Purchaser of respective Purchasers, convey the said Land so sold as aforesaid to him, her, or them respectively, and his, hri, or their respective Heirs, Appointees, or Artigns by Indenture of Granr, er of Bargain and Sale, or by some other Indrument in Writing to be signed, sealed, and delivered by them the said Commissioners for that Purpose; and such Purchaser or Purchasers shall, from and immediately artrr the full Payment of his, her, or their Purchase Money, and the Fxecuiiun of such Indenture of Grant, or of Bargain and Sale, or of futh other Indrument in Writing, be absolutely seised of or entitled to the Land so by him, her, or them, purchased as Freehold Land in Fee Simple, field and discharged from all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever; and the said Commissioners shall, by their said Award, assign and allot the lame Land accordingly; but in case such Purchaser or Purchasers shall rclule or neglect to pay the Residue of his, her, or their I urchafe Money within the Time herein for that Purpose appointed, then the Money so 10 be deposited as aforesaid shall be forfeited as (fated, or liquidated Damages, and be applied in Manner and for such Purposes as the whole Purchase Money is hereby made applicable; and the Land for the Purchase wheieof such Money had been so deposited shall again be put up to Sale in Manner aforesaid, and (o toties quoties until the same shall be fold and conveyed, and the whole Purchase Money for the fame fully paid to the a;d Commissioners or One of them, in Manner and for the Purposes herein mentioned: Provided always, that the said Comtntflioners shall and they are hereby required to make such reasonable Compensation to the Lord of the said Manor of Gaywocd, either by Increase of his Allotment furor in respect of his Right of Soil, or by Deduction from his Proportion of Expence in the Execution of this Act, or otherwise, as the said Commissioners shall judge expedient, for or on Account of his Lois in the Fruits of Tenure, on Account of the Land so fold, being all fold and conveyed as Freehold, great Part of which, if left to Division and Allotment among the Owners 5 or

525

4^5° GEORGII III. Cap.$5.

or Proprietors thereof respectively under the other Provisions contained in this Act, would be of Copyhold Tenure, and liable to Fines, Suits, anti Services accordingly: Provided also, that the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Land so to be sold and conveyed as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the Performance of all Orders, Regulations, and Directions which shall be made and given by the said Commissioners for inclosing, fencing, and draining such Land, and for maintaining the Fences and Drains belonging thereto in good and sufficient Repair; and such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively, and his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, shall be enticied to the same Rights and Benefits in respect to the said Land so to be sold and conveyed as aforesaid, as the several other Persons, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, are, shall, or may be entitled to have or enjoy in respect: thereof.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Money which shall he paid for the Discharge and Exoneration of the said Lands and Tracts called Riffley, otherwise Riffley Wood, Riffley Common, anJ Riffley Fen, from Common and ether Rights as aforesaid, and the Money which shall arise by Sale of the Land hereby directed to be sold as aforesaid, if any shall be raised by such Sale as aforesaid, shall, after Payment of the Expences of the Sale, be appropriated and applied by the said Commissioners in or towards the Payment and Discharge of the Costs and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and of inclosing the Land which shall by virtue of this Act be allotted to the said Trustees for the Poor of the said Parish of Gaywood, and to the Surveyors of the Highways in the said Parish of Gaywood, and of the Costs and Expences of surveying, measuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting such of the Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as lie in Gaywood aforesaid, and of preparing and ingrossing the said Award and the Copies thereof, and of the Charges and Expences which the said Commissioners shall or may be put unto in respect of any Appeal or Appeals against any of their Determinations, or of any Suit or Suits at Law or in Equity which may be instituted against them as Commissioners in the E xecution of this Act, and of the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, their Clerks, Assistants, and Servants, and of all other neerflary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners in and about the Premises, and of all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing such new publick Carriage Roads and Highways as shall be set out and appointed by the said Commissioners within the said Parish of Gaywood, and of all other E;c-pences of carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, so far only as the said Commissioners shall fix and ascertain, to be the Part or Proportion of Expence which ought to be borne and paid by those respective Owners or Proprietors who shall receive any Allotment under this Act, for or in respect of any Right or Interest in, upon, or over the Commons and Waste Grounds in Gaywood aforesaid, or in, upon, or over any Part or Parts of the fame respectively; and if there shall remain any Surplus of the Money to be produced by such Discharge and Exoneration and Sale, cr either of them (after Payment and Satisfaction of that Part or Proportion of the said Costs, Charges, and Expences to which such Money is hereby made applicable as aforesaid), then such Surplus Money shall be paid by the said Commissioners unto such of the Owners [Loc. F/r.] 6 R or

ThePurchafer of Land to fence ihe lame.

P'.irch?fe M mey to

he applnd towards certain Expences*

Directions

for the Application of Surplus (if

526 48® GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

or Proprietors lastly mentioned or referred to as shall be seised thereof in Fee Simple, and in such Shares and Proportions as the said CommifiLners shall appoint, or otherwise such Surplus Money shall be paid into the Bank of England, according to the Directions of the said recited Act, whenever any Money is to be paid lor the Purchase or Exchange cf Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses.

Direction*

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Colls, Charges, and the Essence* ^xPences of inclosing the Land which shall by virtue of tins Act be of the Act.^ allotted to the Rector of Gaywood aforesaid in respect of his Rectory, to the Vicar of South Wootton aforesaid in respect of his Vicarage, to the said Trustees for the Poor of the said Parish of Gaywood, and to the Surveyors of the Highways within that Parish, and all the Cods, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act* and of surveying, measuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, and cf preparing the said Award and the Copies thereof, and all the Charges and Expences which the said Commissioners shall 01 may be put unto in respect of any Appeal or Appeals against any of their Determinations, or of any Suit or Suits at Law or in Equity which may be iufti-tuted against them as Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, and all the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, their Cltiks, Assistants, and Servants, and all other necefliry Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners in end about the Premises, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing such new publick Carriage Roads and H'gliways as shall be let out and appointed by the said G mmissioners within the respective Parishes of Gaywood and Mintlyn aforesaid, and all other Expences of carrying the said rccued Act and this Act respectively into Execution, so far as the Money to arise by such Discharge and Exoneration and Sale, or either of them, shall not be applicable to defray the lame, or if applicable shall be insufficient, shall be borne, defrayed, and paid by the several Persons and Eody or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act (save and except the Purchaser and Purchasers of the Land hereby directed to be sold and conveyed as aforesaid, and save and except the Rector for the Time being of Gaywood aforesaid, for or in respect of any Allotment which shall be made to him in respect of his Rectory, and save and except the Vicar for the Time being of South fVooiton aforesaid for or in respect of any Allotment which shall be made to him in respect of his Vicarage; and also save and except the said Trustees for the Poor, and Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being within the said Parish of Gaywood, for or in respect of the Allotments hereby directed to be made to them respectively as aforesaid), in such Shares and Proportions at such Time or Times, and unto such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall by their Award ascertain, settle, order, and diieft, or as they shall either before or after the Execution of such their Award, order and dirt ft by Notice in Writing to be affixed on the principal outer Door of the said Barish Church ot Gaywood, or published in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, ot 9 some

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 527

some other Newspaper published or circulated in the said County, such Notice to be affixed or published Ten Days at lead before the Time appointed for Payment; provided that the said Commissioners (bail not be hereby empowerrd to make or form any Estimate of such Costs,

Charges, and Expences, and to raise the Amount of any such Estimat# or Estimates before the Allotments shall nave been flaked out and confirmed by them the said Commissioners: And in case any of the Persons aforesaid shall refuse or neglect to pay his or their Share or Shares of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, cr any Part thereof, within the Time or at the respective Time or Times so to be limited as aforesaid, unto the said Commissioners, or unto the Person or Persons whom they shall app< int to receive the same respectively, then the lame shall be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by the said recited Act: Provided always, to

that the said Commissioners shall compute and ascertain the Part or Pro- mt'5n’ portion of the Costs, Charges, and Expences of preparing and passing this Act, and of carrying the fame and the aforesaid recued Act into Execution, so far as relates to the said Parish of Mintlyn, and that such Part or Proportion shall be borne or defrayed by the Owner or Owners for the Time being of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments lying and being within the said Parish of Mintlyn, in such Proportions between those Owners, if more than One, who shall be deemed liable in that Behalf, and at such Time and Place or respective Times and Places as the said Commissioners shall for that Purpose order and direct: Provided BaiKCe* also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to subject or charge any granimgbene-Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, to or with any Share or Proportion of the Costs, Charges, or Expences of preparing, obtain- theirL:fl=e. ing, and passing this Act, or of carrying the fame into Execution for or in respect of any Lands or other Hereditaments in the said Parish of Gay-wood, granted by any such Body or Bodies, by or upon any Lease for Life or Lives, or for a Term of Years where a Fine or Premium was Part of the Consideration for the Lease or Grrnt, or for or in respect of any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to such Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and to its or their Lessee or Lessees for or in lieu or in respect of any such Lands or other Hereditaments by virtue of this Act, but that the Whole of such Share or Proportion of Costs,

Charges, and Expences shall be paid and borne by such Lessee or Lessees respectively, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, according to the Nature and Quality of the Estate or Interest granted by or under such Lease or Leaks respectively.

XL. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said For mak!nS Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Messuages, Lands, Tenc- Exchange9, ments, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said respective Parishes of Gapooood and Mintlyn, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said respective Parishes, or within any adjoining Paiilb, Hamlet, Township, or Place, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the previous Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged (whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be seised or posselfed in his, her, or their natural Capacity pr Capacities

as

tn nofloao-

5*8 48° GEORGII III. Cap:>35.

Is Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, in Fee Tail, General or Special' or for Life, or by the Courtcfy of England, or for Yearsdeterminable on any Life or Lives, or be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate), or with the previous Consent of the Guardians, Trtiftees, Feoffees for charitable oi other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, so feifect or possessed as aforesaid, who at the Time of making or proposing such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatic ks, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for himself, or herself, or themselves respectively, such Consent to be testilied in Writing from the consenting Parties respectively; and every such Consentor Agreement for Exchange, when ascertained, specified, and declared in and by the Award of the said Commissioners, shall be deemed and confideted as a good, valid, and effectual Exchange in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided reverihtless, that nn Exchange shall be made under thiror the said recited Act of any Lancs, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent in Writing of the Loid Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie and be situate, and of the Patron of such Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, for the Time being respectively.

XLI. And whereas some of the Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Tenements, or Lands in the said respective Parishes of Gaywood and Minllyn, may be seised thereof or entitled thereto in joint Tenancy, or as Coparceners, or Tenants in Common, and cannot, by reason of Coverture, Infancy, or other Incapacity, or of Settlement, or of Absence beyond Seas, make an effectual Division or Partition thereof, be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and' they are herthy authorized and empowered (upon the Request in Writing of any One or either of such joint Tenants or Coparceners, or Tenants in Common, or of the Husband, Guardian, Trustee, Committee, or Attorney of any One or either of such joint Tenants, Coparceners, or Tenants in Common, who may be under Coverture, a Minor, Lunatick, or under any Incapacity as aforesaid, or be absent beyond Seas), to make Partition and D>vision of all or any of the Messuages, Cottages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments in the respective Parishes of Gay-wood and Minllyn aforesaid, so held in joint Tenancy, Coparcenary, or in Comrrifon (as well of those Messuages, Cottages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments which are not subject to Division and Inclosure under this Act as of those which are), and also of all or any Part or Parts of the Open Field, Half Year, cr Shack Lands, Warrens er reputed Warrens, Heaths, Severals, Commons, or Waste Grounds, to be let out or allotted under this Act, between such Owners or Proprietors so entitled as joint Tenants, Coparceners, or Tenants in Common, and to allot the fame accordingly to such Owners and Proprietors in Severally; and from and immediately afirr the said Partitions or Divisions and Allotments, respectively in Severalty shall be lo made and declared, the same shall be holden and enjoyed by the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be allotted in Severalty, in such and the same Manner, and subject to such and the same Uses as the hndivided Parts or Shares of such Messuages, Cottages, Tenements, Lands, Hereditaments, and Allotments of Common or Waste

Ground

Comifciflionert

nmv make Allotments in Severalry to ioint Tenants, &c.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 3$. 529

Ground would have been held or have been subject 10 in case such Partition, Division, and Allotment in Severalty had not been made.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Fc.rP.vm-nt Exffcnces attending the making, completing, or recording any Exchange "f Excnaoe*s Or Partition as herein-before mentioned, or any Agreement relating thereto, and Partition., which shall be made under or by virtue of the Paid r; cited Ad or this Act, shall be borne and defrayed by the feverJ Parties making or intended in any such Exchange or Petition, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the Paid Commissioners shall by their Lid Award, or by any previous or subsequent Writing under their Hands, order and direct.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and fq nireftions for often as it shall be neceiLty to charge any Lands cr Tenements which ^»hofd (hftl be allotted or exchanged by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Lands with Act, and which shall be or become Copyhold, with any Sum or Sums of txre,1Cfc-Money by Way of Mor gage, for defraying any Share or Shares of the Cells, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, then and in every such C.fe such Copyhold Lands and Tenements shall be surrendered to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall advance and lend such Sum or Sums of Money, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, according to the Custun of the Manor or Manors, whereof the lame shall be holden by Copy of Court Kell, by Way of Mortgage, for securing such Sum or Sums of Money and Incereft fur the fame, instead of being mortgaged and surrendered to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for a Term of Years as mentioned in the said recited Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That Once at lead in every Year commirnon-dunng the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the "stohy their Day of the puffing thereof) the said Commissioners shall and, they are so^0j'just!cV hereby req ired to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Qneeincvctjr Monies by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Ytar‘ Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by ihem laid before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Lid County of Norfolk, not interfiled in the said Division and '

Allotment, to be dy hitn examined and balanced; and such Balance shall be by such Justice (t ued in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, onlcfs the lame shall have been duly allowed by such Justice.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Proprietors or Monty Per ions intended in the Lands or G'ounds hereby directed to be divided advanced by and allotted, or any other Person or PerLns shall advance any Money in l^'paid Discharge of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining this Act, or of with imereti, executing the said recited Act and this Act, the Money so advanced shall be repaid and satisfied by the Direction of the said Commissioners, together with lawful Intend for the same.

6 S

[I or y Perl]

53

Pr'p i{t->r8 and An.ei.ti to p y rhtir ow . Expen.es.

AwnrJ lo be mad. ?nd att Iteil j Copy to be dtpoGted.

Pei font ag-giieved may appeal to the

48° GEORGII III. Cap. is.

XLVI. And be it also enacted, That the said Proprietor?, their Attor* nits and Agents, Ih.ill pay their own Expences when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Mettings to be held in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the Award by the said recited Act directed to be made by the said Commissioners, a true Copy of the said Award written upon Parchment, and signed and attested by the said Commissioners to be a true Copy thtreof, together with a Map or Plan thereto annexed, shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Ncrfj/k, and he is hereby required to receive the same, and deposit and k ep if among the Records of the said County, lo that Recourse may be had thereto by any Person or Persons interested in the Premises; and for the Receipt of such Copy so signed and attested, the Fee of Three Pounds and Three Shillings shall be paid to the said Clerk of the Peace, and for the Inspection and Perusal thereof the Sum of One Shilling and no more shall be p;id; and the said Award (bail, from and after the Delivery of such Copy thereof to the said Clerk of the Peace, be deeintd and taken to be inrolled according to the Directions, and within the Meaning of the said recited Act, and another like Copy of the said Award written on Parchment, and signed and attested by the said Commissioners to be a true Copy thereof, with a proper Map or Plan thereto also annexed, shall, within the Time aforesaid, be deposited and kept in the Parish Church of Goywccd aforesaid, and the said original Award shall be delivered to or deposited with the Lord of the said Manor of Gaywood; and the said original Award and the said respective Copies thereof so deposited as aforesaid, and any other Copy thereof signed and attested by the said Commissioners, as also any Copy of that so deposited with the said Clerk of the Peace, and signed and attested by the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being or his Deputy, or any Copy (so attested) of any Part of the said original Award or deposited Copies respectively (for which Copy or Copies no more shall be paid than Sixpence per Sheet, each Sheet containing Seventy-two Words), shall from Time to Time and at all Times thereafter be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained, in all Courts whatsoever; and the several Allotments, Exchanges, Partitions, Orders, Directions, Matters, and Things contained in the said Award, shall be and are hereby declared to be binding, final, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, interested in the Premises; and all Rights of Common, Shackage, Sheepwalk, or Foldcourse, and all other Commonable Rights and Intends whatsoever in, upon, or over the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall, from and immediately after the Execution of the said Award, unless sooner txtinguished by previous Order of the said Commissioners, as in this Act provided, cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished; and the fame Lands and Grounds shall for ever thereafter be held and enjoyed by the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof in Severalty.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, shall think himself,

berfelf.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 3£

herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in ptnfuance of this or the said recited Act, other than and except as to such Claims, Matters" and Things as are herein-before or by the said recited Act directed or authorized to be ascertained, settled, tried, or determined by the Verdictt of a Jury, and other than and except as to such Orders, Determinations, and Proceedings of the said Commissioners as are herein or by the said recited Act declared or directed to be final and conclusive, then and1 in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the Justices at thp General Quarter Session of the Peace which shall be held for the said County of Norfolk, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of the Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners and to the Party or Parties concerned Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices (not interested in the Premises) in their said General Quarter Srflion are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Cods and Damages as to them in their Dil'cretion shall seem real'onable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Cods and Damages which shall be so awarded by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the lame, rendeting the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting*the real'onable Charges of such Warrant, Didrefs, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and diall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without sufficient Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such C ds to I e paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Dif-cr tion shall seem reasonable, such last-mentioned Cods to be levied in Ivla n r aforesaid.

XI

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this givirgtlie Act contained shall extend or be condrued to extend to invalidate, lessen, Rights cf alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, and Authorities veded or Stwe"‘ to be veiled in any Person or Persons whomsoever by virtue of any present or fu'ure Commission or Commissions of Sewers for the County of Norfolk, but all such Rights, Powers, and Authorities shall be and continue in as full Fr.rce and Effect: to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been passed.

L. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and General Successors, and 10 all and every other Person and Persons, and Body and Saving. Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and his, her, and their Heirs, Succedors, Executors, and Administrators (except the several Persons and Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments diall be made by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, for and in respect. of such Rights or Inrereds as a'e hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguidied, and all Persons respectively claiming under them or in Remainder after them), all such Right, Edate, Title, and Intered as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed of, in, to, or in respect of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted in case this Act had not been passed.

S3*

QMi.tr

-Sclliuna,

S32

Act to be printed by the King’* Jointer.

48° GEORGII III. Cty.35.

LI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and ethers.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

ft*

Cap. 36.

An Act for inclosing Land, in the Parishes of Thake-<' hatn, Sullington, and Shipley, in the County of Sussex.

[14th April 1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the several Parishes of Thakeham^ Sullington, and Shipley, and within the Manor of Thakeham in the County of Sussex, divers uninclosed Commons and Waste Lands, containing by Admeasurement Two hundred and ninety-two Acres, Three Roods, and Thirty-eight Poles, or thereabouts, known by the several Names of Heath Common, Green Hurst Common, Furze Common, Danehill Common, and Coolham Green, Parcel of the Waste of the said Manor of Thakeham: And whereas the exact Boundaries of the said Three several Parishes over and across the said uninclosed Commons and Waste Lands are undefined and uncertain: And whereas Henry Shelley of Lewes in the said County Esquire, and Charles Lamb of High am in the said County Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, are Lords and Lady of the said Manor of Thakeham, and as such Lords and Lady of the said Manor claim to be entitled to the Soil of the said uninclosed Commons and Waste Lands, and the Timber and Wood growing and Handing thereon: And whereas the said Henry Shelley and Charles Lamb, and Elizabeth his Wife, the Right Honourable the Earl of Egremont, Sir Bysjloe Shelly Baronet, and several other Persons as Owners and Proprietors of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, lying within the Manor of Ihukeham £Ler. Es5 Per."} 6 T aforesaid,

53+

Commission-

era.

Election of new Commissionert.

4^" GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

aforeT'cl, are entitled to certain Rights of Common, in respect of the' said itveral Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in, c*.er, ai d up>n the fane Commons and Waste Lands: And whereas an was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majelliy, intituled, An ^d for confo-idatirg in One Ad certain Provisions usually inferied in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the fevrraJ Fads usually required on the faffing of such Acts: And whereas the said Commons and Waste Lands in their present open and uncultivated State yield only an inconsiderable Profit to the said Proprietors and Persons iiuerested therein, and it would be of manifest Advantage to the said several Proprietors and Persons interested, if the said Commons and Waste Lands were divided and specifick Shares thereof allotted to the said several Persons according to their respective Rights and Interests; but as the fame cannot be effected or carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and wiih the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common?, i:i this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Caleb Rickman of (iffham in the Parish of Southjioke in the said County Yeoman, and Hugh Fuller of Buckingham Farm in the Parish of Id Sboreh.m in the said County Yeoman, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for setting out, dividing, and allotti g the said uninclosed Commons and Waste Lands, and for putting this Act into Execution, in such Manner and subject to such Regulations as are hereinafter contained, and with such of the Powers, and subject to such of the Rules, Orders, Directions, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act, as are not vatied or altered by or repugnant to any of the Clauses, Provisoes, or Regulations contained in this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That if either of the said Commissioners, oranyP.rfon to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act a Commissioner, shall die, refuse to ad, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Act, then and in every such Case it 11 til and may be lawful to and for the said Henry Shelley, Charles Lamb, and Elizabeth his Wife, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor for the Time being, with the Confenl of the Majority in value of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments lying within the aforesaid Parishes, and holden of the said Manor, such Consent to be in Writing and signed either by the said Owners and Proprietors* or by their Stewards or Agents, and he, ihe, and they is and are hereby required by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, from Time to Time within Fourteen Days next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall be made known to him, her, or them, to nominate and appoint another Person (not interested in the said intended Bivision and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of every such Commissioner lb dying, refusing to act, or becoming incapable of acting, and so toties quoties as often as any Commissioner so nominated and appointed shall die or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting; andoevery-Commilfioifer so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid shall}' after taking the Oath prescribed in that Behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Re-

L - strictions.

535

48* GEORGII III. Cap.

strictions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commissioner in and by this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said Henry Proprietor* Shelley, Charles Lamb, and Elizabeth his Wife, or the Lord or Lords, cho°£' Lady or Ladies of the said Manor for the Time being, with the Consent aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect from Time to Time to make such Nomi- neglea. nation and appointment of another Commissioner within the said Space of Fourteen Days after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity, shall be made known to him, her, or them, then and in every such Case, the major Part in value (such Value to be ascertained according to the Rate or Assessment made for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parishes respectively for that Year) of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the said Parishes respectively, and also lying within and holden of the said Manor, who shall be present in Person, or by their respective Agents and Proxies, duly authorized for such Purpose at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose (^of which Meeting Four Days Notice in Writing, signed by any Two or more of such Owners and Proprietors, shall be given by affixing the fame on the Doors of the said respective Parish Churches, on some Sandfly immediately before Divine Service), shall and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint, by any Writing under the Hands of the major Part in value of them the said Owners and Proprietors and Agents aforesaid, a proper Person or Persons (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner or Comm ffioners in the Room or Stead of the Commissioner or Commissiontrs so dying or refusing to act, or becoming incapable of acting, and so from Time to Time as often as any such Case or Cafes shall happen; and every Commissioner so to be nominated and appointed shall, after taking the Oath by the fad recited Act prescribed in that Behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commissioner in and by this Act.

IV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if either of the said Com- Refusal or miiiioners hereby appointed shall refuse or neglect to attend at the First Neglect of Meeting directed to be holden for carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution, and duly qualify himself by taking the Oath by the said t^e Meeting* recited Act prescribed iu that Behalf, or if either of the said Commit- to vacate Ap-sioners shall at any Time after the said First: Meeting wilfully absent him- pointmetf. self from any Two following successive Meetings appointed to be holden by virtue of this Act, such Meetings being known to him either by his being present at the Appointment thereof, or Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him, or left at hislafl or usual Place of Abode by* the Clerk to the said omnnlliorters, ancT such Commissioner not being prevented by Sicki.els or other reasonable Cause to be allowed by the other Commissioner from attending at such Meetings , or if any Commi doner to be nominated and appointed in Manner by this Act directed (halt not attend and qualify himself to act as a Commissioner in the Execuion oi this and the fakJ recited Act at the First Meeting after his Nomination an ! Ap-posnjment, such Meeting to be appointed by the surviving or le.na dng Comrri flouer for carrying this and the said recited Act into Fxecu id, or all hereafter wilfully absent himself from arty Two following fucccilive 9 Meetings

5 3 ^ GEORGIIiiHI. 36,

Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Act, such Meetings being knowh to him either by his being present at the Appointment thereof, or Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and such Commissioner not being prevented by Sickness or other reasonable Cause to be allowed by the other Commissioner from attending at such Meetings, then and in every such Case such Absence or Nbn-attendance, or other Default as aforesaid, shall be deemed and taken to be a Refusal'to act within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

In case of

Difference

between

V. And for the Purpose of settling and determining any Difference or Differences, Dispute or Disputes, that may arise between the Coromif. Commission- sioners, touching or concering any of the Matters and Things to be by ers an Umpire them done and performed in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this to be chosen. Act, it further eiiafted. That the said Commissioners shall and they

are hereby required to cltoofe, nominate, and appoint, by Writing under their Hands, forne proper and skilful Person, not 'interested in the said Allotment, Division, or Inclosure, who shall be willing and content to act as Umpire, and so from Time to Time as often as any Person so nominated and appointed an Umpire shall die, refuse, or neglect to act, or becoming incapable of acting in the Execution of this Act, and such Umpire is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine any such Difference or Dispute as may arise between the said Commissioners, touching any Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment, and Ii.closure, and the Judgement and Determination of the said Umpire therein shall be deemed and considered to be the Judgement and Determination of the said Commissioners, and Hull be final and conclusive upon the said Commissioners, and upon all other Persons interested in or concerned in the said Allotment, Division, and Inclosure, so far as the Judgements and Deter-tninations of the said Commissioners are by the said recited Act and this Act made final or conclusive: Provided always, that in case any such Umpire shall neglect to settle and determine any such Difference or Dispute within Twenty-one Days after the same shall have been referred to him by the said Commissioners, then and in such Case such Neglect shall be deemed and taken to be a Neglect to act within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

Umpire, to be

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall

Oath.

be capable of acting in the Execution of this Act as Umpire, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following; (that is to say),

‘ t A. jj, do swear [or, being One of the People called Quakers, do ‘ solemnly affirm] That I will faithfully, impartially, and honeffiy, ‘ according to the bell of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform the ‘ Trull.,; Power, and Authority reposed in me as Umpire, by virtue of an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George.the ‘j'Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this ATI j according to Equity ‘,;a«d-;g0f>d Confidence, and without Favour or Affection to, any Person ‘ orj Personfl WhPjiifoevei-.

'So help me GOD.'

"$&iicjf Oath or Affirmation it shall and may be lawful to and for the said ^onmiissioners- to aJtiiinifler, and such Commissioners are hereby required to admininer the lame; and such Oath or Affirmation, when so taken and

subscribed

537

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

subscribed by such Umpire, shall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of the said Commissioners.

VII. And be it farther enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause Notice to be given of the Time and Place of their first and every other Meeung for executing the Powers of the said recited Act and this Act, by Advertisement to be inserted in the Newspaper called the Lewes and Brigbthelmstone Journal if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper published within the said County of Sussex, Ten Days at leaf! before every such Meeting shall be had or held (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted), and all Meetings of the said Commissioners shall be holden within the said Manor of Thakebam, or within Eight Miles thereof; and in case both the said Commissioners shall not attend at the Time and Place appointed for any such Meeting, or to which such Meeting shall be adjourned as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners who shall attend, and to and for the Clerk to the said Commissioners in case neither of the said Commissioners shall attend, to adjourn such Meeting to any future Day not exceeding Ten Days from the Day of such Adjournment, to be holden at the same Place or at some other Place within the Distance of Eight Miles from the said Manor of Thakebam, as to the Commissioner or Clerk making such Adjournment shall seem mofl convenient; and the said Commissioner or Clerk making such Adjournment is hereby required to give Notice to the absent Commissioner or Commissioners Six Days at the least before the Day appointed for such Meetings respectively.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all other Notices necessary to be given by the said Commissioners, in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act (unless otherwise particularly directed), shall be given by Advertisement to be inserted in the Newspaper called the Lewes and Brighthelmstone Journal if then published, or if not, then in some other Newspaper published within the said County of Sussex; or if no such Newspaper shall be published within the said County, then such Notices shall be published in the London Gazette.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or in any Part or Parts thereof, or in the said Divisions and Inclosure, or touching or concerning the respectire Rights and Interests, Shares and Proportions which they or any of them shall have or claim to have, in over, or upon the I.ands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Allotments, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing; herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or the said

[Loc. & Per.) 6U v recited

Notice of Meetings, &c.

vcJ.

Other Notices, how to be given.

Commissioners to determine Differences.

Commissioners to atfefs Costs.

53# . 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

-recited Act, fee cause to award.any Cods,'it full and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, act'eft, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think. reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Chum or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be subject and liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect and refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such C oils and Charges to be levied by Dillrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, so neglecting or refuting to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Poliuck, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Diltreis and Sale.

Parties may

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons,

Py Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate,or Collegiate, imerelted or claiming to

Issue at Law. *5e mterelted in the said intended Division and Allotments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners or the said Umpire, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of all the Matters so determined by the said Commissioners or Umpire at the then next or at the following Affixes to be holden for the said County of Siijfex; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned llfue against. the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, in whose Favour such Determination shall have been piade within Four Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shalt, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies who shall appear thereto, or Hie Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right, or Rights thereby infilled on may be tried and determined (such Issue or I'ffues to be settled by the proper Officer or Officers of the Court ui. which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall. differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive up'dn all and every Person or Persons whomsoever. Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall let aside such Verdict or Verdicts and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to db as is usual in other Calls; and aftev such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained

and

J

539

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that in case the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, touching any Claim or Claims, or of any Rights of Common or other Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, shall not be objected to, or being objected to, such Action or Actions at Law shall not be brought and proceeded in within the Time and in the Manner herein-before for that Purpose mentioned, such Determination shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That ho such Difference, Suit, Action, or Proceeding as aforesaid, nor any Difference, Suit, Action, or Proceeding touching or concerning the Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall impede, delay, or hinder the said Commissioners from proceeding in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by the said recited Act and this Act, but the said Division and Allotment shall be proceeded in, nonvithstanding such Differences, Suits, Actions, or Proceedings, and the said Commissioners shall, by Mere Stones or proper Marks and Bounds, set out the Lands and Grounds which shall be allotted in lieu of such litigated Property, so that the fame may be distinguished from any other Lands or Grounds, and may be had and taken by the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who, upon the Determination of such Difference or Suit, shall be entitled to the fame: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court, in which any Action commenced in pursuance of this Act shall be depending, upon sufficient Cause shewn, to put off the Trial of such Action, or to award a new Trial therein, although the Time herein-before limited for the Trial of duch Action may be thereby exceeded.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action or Actions to be brought and prosecuted in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the fame, such Action or Actions shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XIV. And, for the preventing all Disputes and Differences which may arise touching the Repairs of the publick Highways and Roads which shall be set out and appointed in pursuance of the said recited Act, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to determine and adjudge what Part or Parts of the said Highways and Roads so to be set out and appointed shall or do belong to the said Parishes respectively, and the said Commissioners shall by their Award order and direct by which of such Parishes respectively such Highways and Roads shall be maintained, amended, and kept in Repair; and from and after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, such respective publick Highways and Roads as shall be so determined and adjudged to belong to such Parishes respectively shall be maintained, amended, and kept in Repair by such Persons and in such Manner, as the other publick Highways and Roads within such Parishes respectively are by Law to be amended and kept in Repair.

4

AQions not to impede Proceeding* of Commissioners.

Actions not to abate by the Death of the Parties.

Crrmiff.on-ers shall determine to what Pan fh Roads shall belong.

54°

Allotments for Sale to defray Ex* peaces.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said CommiUiuners shall allot, mark, and set ,out such Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands, as shall, in the Judgement of the said Co amuf! toners, be fully sufficient by Sale thereof to defray and discharge all the Cods, Charges, and Expences preparatory and incident to and a'tenoing the obtaining and passing this Act, and of surveying, dmeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, fencing, and allotting the fan! Commons and Waste Lands, to be divided, allotted, and inciofed by virtue thereof, and all the Charges of the said Commissioners, and their Clerics, Aflidants, and Servants, and all the other necessary Expences of the fey era 1 Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners in and about the Premises, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and preparing the publick Carriage Roads, and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said Commissioners, and that the Costs and Charges thereof shall be raised and paid by Sale in the Manner and pursuant to the IXre&ions mentioned and contained in the said recited Afi of the said Allotments or Allotment to be marked and set out for that Purpose as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized (if required by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Allotment or Allotments which shall be so fold), upon Payment of the full Purchase Money for such Allotment or Allotments fry Deed under their Hands and Seals, to grant, release, and convey the lame to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her, or their Heirs or AiTigns in Fee Simple, or to such Use or Uses as he, she, or they shall direct, or appoint, and the Purchase Monies of the said Allotment and Allotments so fold shall be applied by the said Commissioners in defraying such Colls, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid; and in Cafe there shall be any Surplus of such Purchase Monies after defraying such Colls, Charges, and Expences, the same shall be equally distributed amongst the several Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Lands in proportion to their several and respective Rights and Interests therein; and such proportional Parts and Shares of such Surplus Money shall be paid to those Proprietors who are Tenants in Fee Simple of the Estates in right of which they shall be entitled to such Surplus Money; but the Surplus Money to which any Proprietor, not being Tenant in Fee Simple may be entitled, shall be applied and disposed of in the same Manner as any Money to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase or Exchange of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the lame Uies, is by the said recited Act directed to be applied’ and disposed of; but in case the Purchase Money arising by such Sale shall not be sufficient to defray all the Colls, Charges, and Expences aforesaid, then the Deficiency shall be made up by the several Persons interested in the said Commons and Walle Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and shall be paid in such Shares and Proportions within such. Time, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall direct, nominate, and appoint; and in case any Person herein-before made subject to the Payment of any Money towards such Charges and Expences-as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to pay his or her bhare or Proportion thereof within the Time to be appointed as aforesaid, or at any Time afterwards upon Demand, the Janie shall and may be levied and recoveredin the Manner directed by dw said recited Act.

XVI. An*

7

48° GEORGII III. Cap.^6.

54*

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Allotment of they are hereby required in the next Place to set out, allot, and appoint

in Severalty unto the said Henry Shelley Esquire, as One of the Lords of the closed Corn-Manor of Thakeham aforesaid, or to i'uch iVrion or Persons as shall then mens and be entitled to the said Manor, by, from or under him, his, her, or their Waste Lands Heirs or Assigns, One full Twenty-eighth Part in value of the said Commons and Waste Lands so to be divided and allotted (after deducting the jrf'Jr^ publick Carriage Roads, Highways, common Watering Places, Drains, Lord of the and Watercourifcs) in lieu of and as a full Compensation and Satisfaction Manor in for his, her, or their Rights and Interests to the Soil of the said Commons ^.u £'* t;,. and Waste Lands so to be divided and allotted, and over and above, and Soil, exclusive of such Share and Allotment, Shares and Allotments of the said Commons and Waste Lands as shall be assigned and allotted to him, her, or them in respect of his, her, or their several Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, and Hereditaments, having Right of Common in, over, or upon the said uninclosed Commons and Waste Lands.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Allotment of Time being shall and they are hereby required in the next Place, to set

out, allot, and appoint in Severalty unto the said Charles Lamb Esquire °n;Jcf0f^ and Elizabeth his Wife, as the other Lord and Lady of the Manor of Commons Thakeham aforesaid, or to such Person or Persons as mall then be entitled and Wade to the said Manor, by, from or under them, him, her, or either of them, their, his, or her Heirs or Assigns, One other full Twenty-eighth Part in j . value of the said uninclosed Commons and Waste Lands so to be divided Elizabeth his and allotted (after deducting the publick Carriage Roads, Highways, Wife, Lord common Watering Places, Drains, and Watercourses) in lieu of and as a Manor°f full Compensation and Satisfaction for his and her or their Rights and ;n'j,eu ("f-or' Interests to the Soil of the said Commons and Walle Lands so to be their Right divided and allotted, and over and above, and exclusive of such Share la the Soil, and Allotment, Shares and Allotments of the said Commons and Waste Lands, as shall be assigned and allotted to him, her, or them in respect of his, her, or their several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments having Right of Common in, over, or upon the said uninclosed Commons and Waste Lands.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment of and they are hereby required in the next Place to set out and divide, assign, tl'= Residue allot, and appoint the Residue of the said Commons and Walle Lands "

unto and amongst the said Henry Shelley, Charles Lamb, and Elizabeth his Walle Lands. Wife, and the several Persons respectively interested therein, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall judge and determine to be a full Satisfaction and Compensation to him, her, or them respectively for his, her, and their respective Rights and Interest in, over, or upon the lame.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Hen'SSheL contained shall extend or be construed to extend to hinder or deprive the iey a7d C" said Henry Shelley, and Charles Lamb and Elizabeth his Wife, as Lords Charles and Lady of the said Manor, or those respectively claiming under or after ^j,mb sn<1 . thtem as Lords or Ladies of the said Manor, from cutting down, taking, w|sea "* and carrying away for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months from the Lord’s and passing of this Act, the Timber and Wood growing on such Parts of the Lady of the

Reservation

V [_Loc. & Per. j

6 1

542 48‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 2 6.

said unlncldfed Commons and Waste Lands as are hereby directed to be allotted to the said other Owners and Proprietors having Rights of Common in, over, and upon the said uninclosed Commons and Waste Lands as aforesaid, in such Manner and Proportion as they might respectively have done in case this Act had not been paised; nor shall any T hing in this Act contained be coniirued to extend to deprive the said Proprietors to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, from having or enjoying to their respective Uses and Benefit: all such Bushes, Heritir, and Furze as flaall at the Time of making such Allotment or Allotments be growing thereon respectively.

Commissioners to allot and divide the conjunctive Property between the Lords and Lady in Severalty.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to'and for the said Commissioners, or either of them, and they and he arc tfnd is hereby authorized and required, after talcing into theft or his Consider;ttion the Value of the Cottages, Lands, and Tenements within the Manor Of Thakeham af. resaid, which are granted for a Life or Lives, and for a Term or Terms of Years, and holden as well of the said Henry Shelley as of the said Charles Lamb and Elizabeth his Wife conjunctively, as Lords and Lady of the said Manor (the said Commissioners paying due regard not only to the Situation but also to the Repairs of the Buildings and the Quality of the Land respectively, and to the Quit Rents and othfer Dues payable in respect of the fame, and each and every of them respectively, and also to all Advantages to the fame, and each and every of them respectively, belonging or appertaining with the Life or Lives, Term or Terms of Years for which the fame were granted or demised respectively, and which are yet in existence or yet to come and unexpired), to allot and divide the same as equally and as conveniently as may be, unto and between the said Henry Shelley and Charles Lamb, and Elizabeth his Wire, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor for the Time being in Severalty; and such Allotments when so made by the said Commissioners shall be inserted in their said Award, and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required in their said Award distinctly to set forth the Particulars of each and every of the said Cottages, Lands, and Tenements so to be allotted and divided between them the said Henry Shelley and Charles Lamb and Elizabeth his Wife, in Severalty as Lords and Lady of the said Manor, together with the Situation of each and every of them, and of whom from the Time of executing the said Award the fame and each of them are respectively to be holden by the Grantees thereof respectively, and which of them respectively shall hereafter belong in Severalty to the said Henry Shelley as Lord of the said Manor, and which other of them respectively shall hereifter belong in Severalty to the said Charles Lamb and Elizabeth his Wife, as Lord and Lady of the said Manor, to the Intent that each of them the said Henry Shelley and Charles Lamb and Elizabeth his Wife respectively, and the respective Lords and Lady of the said Manor for the Time being, may hold the fame in Severalty (subject nevertheless to such Grants for Life or Lives, Term or Terms of Years therein respectively as are yet unexpired), and receive, take, and enjoy the Whole of the Rents, Dues, C.ustoms, Services, and Payments arising or accruing therefrom, or to be paid and performed in respect thereof respectively, to and for their own respective separate Use and Behoof in Severalty, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of the other or others of them.

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

XXI. And be it farther enacted, That, from and immediately after the kxecu ijn of the said Award, the Grantee or Grantees of inch Cottages,

Tancft, <.qd Tenements, as shall be allotted and awarded to the said Henry Shelley as Lord of the said Manor as aforesaid, shall pay and perform unto the said Henry Shelley as Lord of the said Manor, the Whole of the Rents, Fines, Customs, and Services which are now due and payable, and which ought to be performed to the said Henry Shelley and Charles Lamb and Elizabeth his Wife, as Lords and Lady of the said Manor in respect thereof, freed and discharged from all Claims and Demands of the said Charles Lamb and Elizabeth his Wife, or either of them as Lord or Lady of the said Manor, and the Cottages, Lands, and Tenements so allotted and awarded to the said Henry Shelley as such Lord of the said Manor shall (land limited, settled, and assured to, for, and upon such and the fame Estates, Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, as such Part of the said Manor holden by the said Henry Shelley, or by the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of such Part shall (land limited, settled, and assured, and be subject and liable to at the Time of making such Allotments.

XXIL. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Execution Cottages to of the said Award, the Grantee or Grantees of such Cottages, Lands, be held by and Tenements; as shall be allotted and awarded to the said Charles Lamb l*'mb and and Elizabeth his Wife as Lord and Lady of the said Manor as aforesaid, Elizabeth his Thai 1 pay and perform unto the said Charles Lamb and Elizabeth his Wife, Wife to the as Lord and l ady of the said Manor, the Whole of the Rents, Fines, famcUfes. Cultotns, and Services which are now due and payable, and which ought to be performed to the said Henry Shelley and Charles Lamb and Elizabeth ftis Wife, as Lords and Lady of the said Manor in respect thereof, freed and diieharged from all Claims anti Demands of the said Henry Shelley as Lord of the said Manor, and the Cottages, Lands, and Tenements so allotted and awarded to the said Charles Lamb and Elizabeth his Wife as such Lord and Lady of the said Manor shall (land limited, settled, and assured to,' for, and upon such and the fame FHates, Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes; us such Part of the said Manor holden by the said Charles Lamb and Elizabeth his Wife, or by the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of such Part,

shall (land limited, settled, and assured, and be subject and liable to at the Time of making such Allotments.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall In case of and they are hereby required (in case in the making such Allotments as Difference in last mentioned there shall happen to be any Difference in point of Value between such Allotments') to award what Sum or Sums of Money shall be made by paid by the One of such Lords or Ladies to the other of such Lords or Ladies Commission-as an equivalent Satisfaction and Compensation for such Difference in value ers to the in such Allotment or Allotments aforesaid; and such Sum or Sums of L^Wef'e Money so to: be awarded shall be ascertained, fixed, and determined by tively, to the said Commissioners, and shall be paid by the Lord or Lords of the be held in said Manor for the Time being, so dire died by the said Commissioners to Severajty>;m pay the fame at such Place or Places, Time or Times, as the said Com- ^U’",y‘>t to milTioners shall appoint; and in case of Non-payment thereof in Manner aforesaid, such Sum or Sums of Money shall and may be levied and recovered from such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the Time being, To t 9 (incited

543

Cottages to be held by Henry Shelley to the same Uses.

544

Allotments to Lessors to be held independent of their LefTeei.

Encroachments to be allotted to Persons in Possession thereof if the fame do not exceed their Allotment.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

directed to pay the fame by such Ways artd Means as the Cods, Charge?, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act can or may be levied and recovered, and the Receipt or Receipts of the said Commissioners shall be a full and fufTicient Discharge for all and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be paid to the said Commissioners as aforesaid; and such Sum and Sums of Money so received by the said Commissioners shall be by them paid to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor to whom the same shall be due and payable, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, in case such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies shall be seised of such Manor in Fee Simple; and in case such Lord Or Lords, Lady or Ladies shall not be seised thereof in Fee Simple, then and in such Cali such Sum and Sums of Money shall be applied and disposed of by the said Commissioners in Manner directed by the said recited Act, w henever any Sum of Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Allotments to be set out and made by virtue of this Act, in respect of any Property granted or demised, or held by any Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years at Rack Rent, shall be allotted to the respective Lessors or Owners of such Property, and shall be held and enjoyed by them respectively, free from all Right, Title, and Interest of their respective Lessees or Tenants by virtue of or under such Leases or Agreements, and such respective Lessors or Owners shall make such Abatement or Abatements of the Rent or Rents referred or made payable by such Lease or Leases, or Agreement or Agreements respectively, for or on Account of their taking such Allotments as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be just and reasonable, and shall in and by their Award, or any other Writing under their Hands, ascertain, direct, and appoint.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required in all Cafes where the fame can be done without Prejudice or Inconvenience to the adjoining MessuageS, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to assign and allot unto such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, entitled and having Right of Common in, over, or upon the said unincloftd Commons and Waste Lands as are in Possession of any such Encroachment or Encroachments, herein-before directed to be deemed Part and Parcel of the said Commons and Waste Lands, all and every the Lands and Grounds comprized in such Encroachments respectively j and all Edifices and Buildings erected thereon for or in Part of their Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to them respectively by virtue of this Act, unless it shall happen that such respective Encroachments shall be greater, or more (Quantity and Quality considered) than the Allotment or Allotments would amount unto, which the said Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, in the Possession of such Encroachment or Encroachments respectively, would be entitled to, for, and in respect of their ancient Estates, in which case a proportionable Part of such Encroachment or Encroachments shall be deducted from the same respectively; and

545

tion of such Encroachments for the Purposes aforesaid, to estimate the fame according to their original Value when in an open State, without any Regard to the Improvements made therein, or to the Value of the Edifices and Buildings (if any) which are ereiled or built thereon.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, during the No Sheep, Space of Seven Years from the Execution of the said Award, keep or hambs, Cat-depasture, or permit to be kept or depastured any Sheep, Lambs, Cattle,

Hoifes, Asses, or Mules in any Allotment or Allotments to be made in Mules, to be pursuance of this Act (unless he, fire, or they shall first effectually fence kept in the and guard the adjoining Allotment or Allotments belonging to any Pro- I"clofiire for prietor or Proprietors from any Injury or Damage to his, her, or their LVen tais’ Quicksets, or other new made Hedges or Fences), then and in every such Case, every Person so offending upon Conviction thereof before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, on the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending, by virtue of a Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice at any Time within Two Calendar Months next after such Offence committed, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distrained and sold as aforesaid, and every such Penalty so to be levied shall be paid to the Person or Persons injured.

XXVII. And be it further en ailed, That where the Proprietor or Pro- Omissions of prietors of any Lands or Hereditaments in respect whereof any Allotment Commis-shall be made by virtue of this Act shall hold their respective Lands and |‘tl°"erVn Hereditaments by different Tenures for different Estates or under different respect Titles, and where from Want of the necessary Information before the said to AUrtment* Commissioners, or from any other Cause, their Award shall have omitted m;,de fof the distinguishing and ascertaining of the Lands or other Hereditaments Heredita holden for each of such Estates, and under each of such Titles respect m,)"s 'u^cr tively, and the setting out and awarding of several and distinct Allotments different Ti-for such respective Lands or other Hereditaments as herein-before is re- tlesorEftatt* quired; and after the making of the said Award, Request shall be made ‘obe fuPPIied to the said Commissioners, by any Person or Persons interested by Writing instrument if under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, to have such Omission supplied required.-by a separate Instrument, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners aic hereby authorized to do every Thing necessary for supplying every such Gmifflon, and so far as that Purpose shall require to examine Witnesses, and in every other Respeit to proceed and ait, as if the said Award had not been made; and when they shall have obtained what they shall think fuffeient Information, they are hereby authorized by any Deed or Instrument under their Hands and Seals to distinguish and ascertain the Difference of Tenures, Estates, and Interest respectively, and to make distinit and several Allotments in respect of the fame; and every such separate Deed or Instrument shall be inrolled in the same Place and in the same Manner, and Evidence thereof shall be given in the same Manner as by the said recited Ail and this Act, or either of them respectively, is

jXfff. is* Ptr.)

6 r

directed

5 4&

Tor extin-jptifhinp; or Impending Rights of Common before Execution of Award.

Power to fill before Award.

Allotments to be fenced at the Expence

48° GEORGII Itt. Cap. 36.

directed concerning the said Award of the said Commissioners, and ail Expences which shall be reasonably incurred in or about any such separate Deed or instrument as aforesaid, shall be paid by the Person or Persons who mall have so requested the said Commissioners to make and execute the fame, or by his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators} and every such separate Deed or Instrument shall from and immediately after the due Execution thereof by the said Commissioners, and such Enrollment as aforesaid, have the fame ElFeft, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Contents thereof had been inserted and contained in the said Award*, and the same shall after futh Enrollment as aforesaid, be delivered unto the Person upon whose Request any such Omission have been so supplied, or to the Person or Persons to whom the Custody of the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title of the Premises in Quel lion shall, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners lor the Time being, belong.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners, and they are hereby required and authorized at any Time or Times before the Execution of their said Award by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal Doors of the said respective Parish Churches, to order and direct all or any Part of the Rights of Common in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be fufpaided for and during such Time or Times as shall be expressed in such Writing; and all such Rights of Common as the said Commissioners shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall from the Time mentioned in such Writing affixed to the said . Church Doors respectively cease, determine, and be extinguiflacd, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly j any Law, Usage, or Custom thereof to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons hath or have fold, or contracted, or agreed to fell, or shall at any Time before the Execution of the said Award fell, or contract, or agree to fell his, her, or their Right, Inrerelt, or Property in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, to any other Person or Persons, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to make the Allotment or Allotments of Lands unto the Vendee or Purchaser in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to feis, her, or their Heirs or Assigns for or in respect of such Rigi.t, Interest, and Property so fold or contracted, or agreed to be sold as aforesaid; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, and his, her, or their Ileirs and Assigns shall and may, from and after the Execution of the said Award, held and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in the fame Manlier to all Intents and Purposes as the Vendor, in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement might, could, or ought to have held and r enjoyed the fame, in case such Sale,' Contraft, or Agreement had not been made, or such Right, IntercR, or Property had been velted in such Vendor, at the Time of making such Allotment or Allotments as aforesaid.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act shall be inclosed, hedged, ditched, 2nd fenced

bHr by

486G£ORGir m. Cap. 38. 547

fey and at the Expence of futh respective Proprietors, in such Manner and of tli? Pro-within such Time, and shall be from thenceforth kept in Repair in such Proportions as the said CoiHinissioners shall in their said Award order and miHione*' direct. shall direct.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That ft shall and may be lawful to Exchanges and for the said Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Lands, maf he Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parishes of "’*' Thakeham, Sullington-, and Shipley, or any of them, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parishes, or any of them, or within any adjoining

Parish, Hamlet, Township, or Place; provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the said Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Content of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors shall be a body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Solt^ or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life of Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, or under any other legal Incapacity, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consent to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other Parties consenting respectively; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent testified as aforesaid of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie or be situate.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Costs, Charges, Expences of and Expences attending the making and completing of all Exchanges and Exchanges, Partitions under the Powers and Authorities in this Act, and the said to e recited Act, or either of them contained, shall be paid and borne by the F several Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, making such Exchanges or Partitions in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Lands and Grounds Allotment which shall be allotted by virtue of this Act to any Person or Persons, for to be of the or in respect of any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Grounds holden of fairfT?nure any Manor or Manors, by Copy of Court Roll, or for or in respect of fo/w^ich"0* any Leasehold Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, or for or in respect of they are any Right of Common, or any other Right or Interest, appendant or allotted* appurtenant to any such Copyhold or Leasehold Premises, shall, from and

tfter the Execution of the said Award, be deemed and taken to be Copy hold

54$ 4$‘ GEORGII HI. Cap.$6.

how or Leasehold respectively, and At ill be held as such by and under ffjrf lame Tenure, Reno, Payments, Fines, Ctrfloms, and Services as the Copyhold or Leasehold Kkfluage-s, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements re* speclively, for or in respect where of such Allotments shall be made, are now or immediately before the Execution of the said Award shall be iiofden respectively; and all and every Perfofl or Lesions Jo whom such Copyhold Lands and Premises shall be allotted as aforesaid shall, within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame, without paying any Fine or Charge to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, or to the Steward or Stewards of the said Manor (save and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchment requisite to he used lor the Copies of such Admissions respectively), and such reasonable Fees to the respective Steward or Stewards of the said Manor as the said Commissioners by their said Award shall order and direct; but in case any Person or Persons to whom such Lands and Premises shall be allotted shall die without Admission within the said Six Calendar Months, then the customary Fines and other Payments shall be lue and payable on the Admission of the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands and Premises; and after every such first Admittance, the Copyhold Lands and Premises so to be allotted as aforesaid shall at all Times thereafter be held under and subject to the fame Tenure, Fines, and other Payments as the present Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Tenements in respect whereof such Lands and Premises shall be allotted are now helu under and subject to; and the Lid Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to determine, abutt, and describe in and by their laid Award, and in and by the Map or Plan to be thereunto annexed, all the Houses, Buildings, Lands, and Tenements within the said Manor, which are to be and remain Copyhold or Leasehold, and to state and specify of what Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, the fame arc rcipedlively to be holden.

With and Settlements not to be affected.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be divided, allotted, or exchanged by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, but that each and every Proprietor shall Hand and be fciled of the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be allotted to or exchanged with him or her as aforesaid, to fgch and I he fame Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, and Charges, and no other, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof such Proprietor was l'eifed or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, or for which or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subjtdl to be charged with or affected by in case this Act had not been made.

Comir.if-lioneri to pay their own Expellees.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That tlto said Commissioners for the Time being shall, at all and every of their Attendances or Meetings for putting this Act into Execution, severally and rdpedlively pay and discharge their own Expences, and that when and as loon as the said intended Division and other Psrpoles el this Act shall be finished and

$ completed*

549

48° GEORGII III. Gap. 36.

completed, and the said Commissioners shall have executed their said Award, the said Commissioners shall be paid and allowed each of them the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings for each and every Day upon which he or they shall have attended a Meeting or transacted Business in, or for putting this Act into Execution.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Award by the said recited Act directed, to be made by the said Commissioners, and such Map or Plan of the said Pirishes of Thakeham, Sullington, and Shipley, annexed thereto, shall be inrolled according to the Directions of the said recited Act; and the said original Award shall be deposited in the Parish Church of Thakeham, and Two Copies thereof, signed and attested by the said Commissioners shall be made. One whereof shall be deposited and kepi in the Parish Church of Sullington aforesaid, the other thereof in the Parish Church of Shipley aforesaid; and the said Award, and the said Copies thereof, with the said Maps and Plans and every other Copy of the said Award, or of any Part thereof, attested by the said Commissioners, or any Copy of such Copy so deposited with the Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, or of any Part or Parts thereof, attested by the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, for which Copy no more shall be paid than Three-pence per Sheet, each Sheet containing Seventy-two Words, shall from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained in all Courts whatsoever.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That Once at ieaft in every Year during the Execution of this Act (which Year to be computed from the Day of the passing thereof) the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement and Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement and Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, not interested in the said Division and Allotments, to be by him examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justice stated in the Book of Accounts, to be kept at the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in Law unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall advance or pay any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purpose of defraying all or any of the Expences of applying for and obtaining this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution, all such Persons shall be fully ftpaid the fame, together with Interest thereon, after the Rate of Five Pounds 'for One hundred Pounds for a Year, out of the first Money which shall be failed fof the Purposes of this Act, such Interest to be computed from the Time or respective Times of advancing or paying the said Sum or Sums of Money to the Time or respective Times of the Re-payment thereof.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think' himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in tnirfuanee of this Act, or the said recited Act (other than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners or Umpires as ait

[Loc. $3* Per.] 6 Z by

Award to lit deposited.

Commissioners to lay their Accounts before a Justice to be audited.

Money which may be advanced for obtaining or executing this Act to be repaid in the first Place with Interest.

Power ta appeal.

550

For saying the Lords and Ladies Rights as to Mines, Minerals, &c.

Saving Mano rial Rights.

4-5° GEORGII m. Cap-zb.

by the said recited Act or this Act declared to be final and conclusive; and except in such Cases wherein an blue at Law shall be tried as herein mentioned), then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be holden for the Western Division of the said County of Sussex, within Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners; or either of them, and to the Party or Parties, Fourteen Days Notice of such Appeal and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices of the Peace assembled at such General Quarter Sessions (not interested in the Premises), or at any Adjournment thereof, are hereby authorized to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Damages and Colls as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Cods and Damages which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable or required to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Reco.d at Westminster; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then and in every such Case the said Justices shall award such Cods to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them the said Justices in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and such Cods shall be levied in Manner last aforesaid.

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall excend or be construed to extend so as to defeat, lessen, or prejudice the Rights or Interests of the said Henry Shelley and Charles Lamb, and Elizabeth his Wife, or any or either of them, or of any other Person or Persons as Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the Time being of the Manor aforesaid, in or to any Mines, Ores, Minerals, Stone, Rock, or Coal in or under the said Commons and Waste Lands, or any Parc thereof; but that the said Henry Shelley and Charles Lamb, and Elizabeth his Wife, and the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the Time being of the said Manor respectively, and their respective Lessees and Grantees, Agents, Servants, and Workmen may search for, work, dig, draw, raise, lodge, and carry away all Mines, Ores, Minerals, Stone, Rock, and Coal, as fully, freely, and effectually, as if this Act had not been passed, making reasonable Satisfaction and Recompence from Time to Time to the Person or Persons possessed of the Lands and Grounds for all Damage or Spoil that shall be done thereto or to any Part thereof, by searching for, working, digging, drawing, raising, lodging, and carrying away the said Mines, Ores, Minerals, Stone, Rock, and Coal, or any of them; and nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to lessen, prejudice, or defeat, the Right, Title, or Interest of the said Henry Shelley and Charles Lamb, and Elizabeth his Wife, or any or either of them, or any other Person or Persons as Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manor aforesaid, \Vithin the Jurisdiction or Limits whereof the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed are situate, lying, and being, of, in, or to the Seigniories, Rights, and Royalties, Franchises and Jurisdictions incident or belonging to such

Manor

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

Manor (other and except such as are meant or intended to be barred and destroyed by this Act), bu( the same shall remain in as full, large, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they, he,- she, or any of them might, could, or, ought to have held and enjoyed the fame before the passing of this Act, or in case the Dime had never been made.

XLI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General and Successors, and to all and every Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate, &>v,g of Politick and Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors. ug u' Administrators, and Alligns, all such Right, Title, Estate, and Interest (other than and except such as are meant and intended to be barred by this Act), as they, every, or any of them had and enjoyed, or were entitled unto, of, in, to, or out of the said Commons and Wafie Lands, or any Part thereof, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or in case this Act had not been made.

[Publick Act.]

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

" *: *i'-M jfiH to yr., _> ,i . a

LONDON: Primed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King'q most Excellent Majesty. x8o8.

.« 'A; I n.-.; 0 5 ‘

r> V j - * '

- \>v.‘ - /.,»

, I.

1* - - ... t

V V "{

t . ;M *v

!wf» . V... «Siah

t hi

’ ‘

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

-*C*

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Road at Wrotham Heath in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godstone in the County of Surry.

[27th May t808.J

WHEREAS, an Act was passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An At}for repairing, widen- cGj c 6t ing, and keeping in repair, the Road leading from the Turnpike 1 Road at Wrmham Heath in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Goclftone in the County of Surrey: And whereas an Act was paffni in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act of the Fifth Year fjG. 3. c. jt. of His present Maj fy, for repairing, widening, and keeping in repair, tht Road leading from the Turnpike Road <j/Wrotham Heath in the County of Kent, to the Turnpike Road leading from Croydon to Godftcne in the County of Sucrey: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have, in pursuance of the Powers to them thereby given, borrowed several considerable Sums of Mont y upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be colhdted, which Money so borrowed {till remains due and owing; and the fame cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be tfTcdtually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged; May it therefore please Your Majesty That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and \Loc. & Per.'] 7 A Temporal,

554-

Acts further continued.

Exemption i.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.n.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts made in the Fifth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all the Toll}, Powers., Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained, (save and except such Parts thereof respectively as delate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and except such Parts thereof its are hereby varied, altered, rr ri pealed,) shall be in full Force and Effect, and shall have Continuance for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effrdually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-cna&ed in the Body of this Act , and this Act, and the additional Term hereby grametl, shall he subj. d and liable as well to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts or the Tolls thereby granted and ontinu d, as also to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall hereafter be b rrr'wed for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, and of the I itercft due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Toll shall be demanded or received for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle drawing any Carriage, going for or returning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Parishes or Places in which the Roads hereby to be repaired, or any Part thereof, do lie , or any Dung, Mould, Soil, or Compost of any Kind, JChalk, Lime, Peat Allies, and Soot excepted), for the manuring any Garden, or other Land or Grourd; nor shall any Toll, be taken, demanded, or received for any Horse, Ma e, Gelding, Mule, or Cattle, going for the Purpose of or returning from ploughing, lowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Ground, or employed in carrying, or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying any Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood, nor sold or disposed of, but to be laid up in theploufes, Outhouses, Yards, or on the Premises of the Owner or Owners thereof, or for any Plough, Harrow, Dray, or ether Implements of Husbandry, or for any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, going to or returning from Water or Pasture, or going to be, or leturn-ing from being (hoed or farried, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatsoever Drscription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Express.s under the Authority of His Majesty's Pod Matter General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or ExprelTes, or in returning back from conveying the fame, or for the Horses of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages or Horses, or other Beatts employed tn carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of such Soldiers, cr for any I lot fe, Mare, or Gelding, furnittted by or for any Ppfon belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exetcife, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemptions, or for any Carriage, Horse, or other Bead employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Fades; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant, of any Parish through which any Part of the said Roid doth lie, who shall pass through any of the said Turnpikes to or 5 from

555

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

from his, her, or their respective Parish Chun h or Chapel, or other Place of religious Word) ip tolerated by Law, on Sundays, or on Christmas Day,

Good Friday, or any other D..y on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person dying, and to be buried in any of the said Panlhes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any lick Person, or upon other his parochial or ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on Christmas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in respedof any Horse, Cattle, or Bract, carrying any Passenger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, B.-rlin, Chariot, Calalh, or Chair, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to lerve in Parliament for the said Counties of Kent and Surrey on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election {lull begin or be j concluded 5 and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the lame, or shall make use of any Fraud whatsoever, whereby the Payment of the Tolls granted und continued by the said recited Acts and this Act, or any Part thereof,

shall be evaded, every such Person shall fur every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, whereof One Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Teuements, or Hereditamenrs,purchased, wh'en Mreed-taken, or used,by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, ’fg 100 or any of them, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Hufb.md, Guardian, Committee, or Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, I liot. Lunatic, Feme, Covert, or Cestuique Trust, or to any other Peribn whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in find or othe~ Settlement, or to any o her Peribn under any ether Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Piivity of the Accountant General of the H gh Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees, for executing the fata Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money (h ill be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchasecr Redemption of the Lana Tax, or towards the Discharge of anyD-bt or Debts, or such other E cumbrances or Part thereof, as the said C ;urt shall authorize to be paid, affi-ding the fame L inds, Tenements, or Hereditaments,or affect ng oth' i Land', Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled her with, to the lame or the like Uses, Iivencs or Purposes; and where such Money shall not be lo applied, the same shall be laid out and invifted under the like Direction and Approba ion of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed or settled to, for, and upon fu :h and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood ,f.*ttled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance

55& 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

veyance and Settlement shall be exiting undetermined and capable of taking Efred; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends or annual Produce of the Did Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so heteby air,ded to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Under *ool.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money and not so agreed or award'd to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Herediu-amounting to ments purchased, taken, or uled, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases such Money shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lanns, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, irr talc of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their relyective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name ancJ with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and to be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the l.kc Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated ov the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five qp more of the said T.urtces (such Nomination and Approbation to be ft miied in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, mas be applied in any Manner fuiein-before directed, so far as the case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

Under jc!. V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when fuel) Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be irfs than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be appl et! to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the L.ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or uled, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees,oc any Five or mere of them shall think fit} or in case of Infancy or Lunacy,then to his or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and far the Ufeand Benefit of such Person or Persons so eniitled respectively.

In rate of not

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons making out to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase purchasercu any Lands» Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of not be found, the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises,

557

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

tnifes, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known ordiscovered,then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of thpm, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing the m) subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto. and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bank, of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Putchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Monies, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be fhtvtn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of such Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that Tome other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements,or Hereditaments to be purchased by the aid Trustees under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, the Purchase Money for the same shall be tequiied

[Ifftr. & Per.] 7 B to

Where any (iuellion shall rite as to lb* Title, the Person in possession shall be deemed entitled to the Purchase Mo. nej.

The Court of Chancery may order reafun-aMe Expencts of Purchases to be paid by the Trutteer.

55 8

Statute Work.

48° GEORG 11 111? Odf. 37.

to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in purfumce of th s Act, it shall be lawful for the said Churt to order the Exi'enecs of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Couft shall deerii realonnblc, together with the nectflary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and armending the Roads by the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall (till remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore, and k shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Kent or Surrey rn their respective Jurisdiction*, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Cferk or Surveyor by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the StatuteWork shall for every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parifoes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place in lieu of or as a Composition for futh Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Tieaiurer; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, (at some Place to be exprefifed iii such Summons), within Fourteen Days after the serving of such Summons, of die Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment r f any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in foice and effoft for the Repair of the publick Highways, and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-titne_or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Sur-veyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to’ Timeoider, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shaft and may-also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money, in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the itspective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as x any

559

48' GEORGII III. Cap.w

any Penalty is by the said recited Acts or either of them, authorized or direfkd ro be recovered; and each and every Person who shall nCgled or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Troflees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effed, for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been L-nt to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending of the said Roads; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Pjrish,« or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lids as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in falle or imperfect Lids, every lu< h Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum nut exceeding Forty Shillings.

X. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs and Charges incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid out of any Money collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, upon the said Roads, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts (subject to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) shall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Residue now to come and un-exptred of the Terms granred by the said recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

l0'? ‘ 1

Expencei of the Act.

[Publick Act.]

Commerce, inent and Continuance of Act,

ANNO QU ADR AGES IMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

t 3M

Cap. 38.

An Act to continue the Term and alter the Powers of Two Acts for repairing the Road from the Mansfield and Ghefierfield Turnpike Road to Buntingfield Nook, in the County of Derby j and for making a new Road from Tupton Nether Green, to Stubbing Edge Lane and KnotCrofs, in the said County.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An jg.j c.s-. Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Mansfield and Chester field Turnpike Road, near the Nine Mile Stone front Mansfield, through Temple Nortnantun, Tupton New Inclcfure, and Bukin Lane, to Buntir.gfield Nook in the Parish of Alhover in the County of Derby:

And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, paged in the Sixth 2'ear of the Reign of His present 2*G'3* r' Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Mansfield and Chesterfield 'Turnpike Road, near the Nine Mile Slone from Mansfield, through Temple Nurnianton, Tupton New Inclosure, and B.rkm Lane.ro Buntingfield Nook in the Parish oj Ashover in the County of Derby: And whereasiheTiuftees appointed ,n and by virtue of the said Act* have made great Progress in the Execution the'eof, and t ate for that lJui-\Loc. ft? Per."] 7 C u pose

562

Term enlarged.

Plnn and Book of Reference.

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

pose borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, but find that the Money so borrowed cannot be repaid} nor the Road properly amended and kept in sufficient Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be continued, and the Powers and ProvL fions thereof amended and enlarged: And whereas it would be a great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of publick Utility, if a new Road were made, branching out of and from the said Turnpike Road, at or near to a Place called Tupion Nether Green, otherwise Tupton New Inclcjurc, and proceeding from thence to a certain Wood called Britton Wood, and from thence through sundry inclosed Lands belonging respectively to the Right Honourable Sir Joseph Banks Baronet, and Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, Sir Thomas Windsor Hunloke Baronet, and to George Allen Esquire, unto and as far as the aforesaid Mansfield and Kel/Udge Turnpike Road, so as to join the fame at or near the Bottom of Stubbing-edgeLatu, and from the said last mentioned Turnpike Road unto a certain Place called Knot Cross, in the Parish of AJbover aforesaid, and included under the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act; May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent Gf the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts passed in the Sixth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Powers, Provisions, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and such as are by this Act repealed, varied, or altered), shall be and continue in full force and effect, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, not only for the Purposes of the said but also for the Purpose of setting out, making, amending,

widening, turning, altering, diverting, improving, and keeping in Repair the said new and additional Road, or Branch of Road, herein-before particularly mentioned and described, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the said new and additional Road or Branch of Road had been originally included in the said recited Acts, and as if the fame Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things, were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments and Alterations herein contained; and this Act and the additional Term hereby granted shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said recited Acts, and also of such other Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Act, and of all Interest now due and to grow due for the fame respectively, in Manner herein-after mentioned.

II. And whereas a Map or Plan, describing the Line of the Lid new Branch of Road, and the Lands through which the fame is to be carried, together with a Book of Reference containing Lifts of the Names of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers of inch Lands, have b^cn deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Derby; be it therefore enacted, That the said Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the End that all Persons may, at any seasonable Times, have Liberty to infp- ft and peruse the fame, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at

8 their

4fi6 GEORGII in Cap. 28. f%-

their Will and Pleafhre, paying‘the Clerk of the Peace- the Sum of OnS Shilling for every such Iftlpeftion, and after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of such Copies Or Extfafts of the said Map of Plan and Book of Reference; and that the said Trustees in making the said new Branch of Road shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards of Three Feet each from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent. and Approbation ip Writing of the Person or Persons,

Body Politick', Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

III. Provided always* and be it further enacted.'That ft shall ^nd may be ^‘^Roart^7 lawful to and for the Laid Trustees to make the said Branch of Road into, through through, across, or over the several Lands or Grounds of any Person or oVd?«»e Persons who is dr are or may be Owner or Owners of Land over which the not in Book fame is set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although of Reference, the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted in the said Book of Reference* in case it shall appear to any Two or more justices of the Peace for the said County, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that Licit Error or Omission proceeded from Miftajce.

iVi And be it further enacted, That (Seorge'Allen, shorhas AjlUy Clerlf, New Trusteefc the Right Honourable Sir Joseph Banks Baronet, and Knight of’ the mo ft Honourable Order of the Bach, Thomas- Barker, John Barker,

<jeorge Bosley Clerk, William Bagsh'a-uo Clerk, Mount ague Blackwell^ James Boss’e , John Bower, William Barn ford, John Meller Brown, John Boler,

Samcel Browne, John Browne, John Bunting, Thomas Bower, Thomas Bower the younger, Joseph Butler, Joseph Bee, John Cock, John Ch'arge, Jame Croft, John Cart ledge, John Tat ton Cartledge, Joftah Claugbton, Jobs Clayton, William Crefmcke, Richard Cal ton, Thomas Dutton, John Dutton, Samuel Dutton, John Dixon, Pyut Denton, John Elam, Francis Eyre>

Thomas Field Clerk, George Fletcher DobtorofPhysic, William Biirgotne, Fer-nell, Jasper Fidler, Philip Cell, Joseph Graham, William Gelt, Charles Gladwin, George Gojling, Joseph Gratton Malcfter,. Joseph Grattan Mercer,

William Gill, Richard Gillett, John Gregory, Sir Thomas Windsor Hunloke Baronet, James Hunloke, Thomas Hallows, John Heaton, Edward lleathccte Clerk, George Holcombe Clerk, Joseph Hindi, Mark Hewitt, Richard Roundel Hurwood, Joseph Hoole, Avery Jebb, Joshua Jebb, Richard Jtbb, Thomas Inman,

John Inman, Rickards lnce, Thomas Knowlton, Chailcs Kinder, Clement Kynnerf-ley, William Alwood Lord, William Lang, Robert Lowndes, Bernard Lucas Junior, Thomas Lowndes, Anthony Lax Maynard, William Milnes, John Mikes, Robert Malkin, Henry Malkin, Marmaduke Middleton Middleton,

William Mellor, Thomas Macdonagh, Robert Milward, Robert Mason, John Muglifion, George Mugliflon, Richard Wood Neville, Joseph Nall, John Nut tall, George Nut tall, William Paitfon, Jarvis Prince, John B.ooth, Benjamin Rootb, Robert Rodgers, John Rodgers, William Robinson the younger,

Sitwell Sitwell, Adam Barker Slater, Jonathan Stokes ILiftor of Phytic,*

Lawrence Short Clerk, Thomas Smith, William Smith, Ebenezor Smith, John Smith, Jofpb Storrs, William Stubbing, Robert Shirt, Thomas Sykes, George Taylor, Wolton Byrchw/haw Tbrmas, John Twtgg, William Waller, Robert Waller, William Wingfield, Isaac WilkUtfon, John Wilkinson, Wifi am Wright,

John White, Adam Wo’ley, John Walker, John Wood Clerk, Robert Wood, and William Wray, being qualified according to the Directionsot'chesaid recited Acts, shall be and they are hereby added to and joined with the Trustees appointed

After the new Branch >9 made the Funds to be 4)iltin£t, and applied to the Payment of old ard new Mortgages reflectively, without any Priority.

Tolls to be taken on the new Btanch of Road.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

pointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts; and that the Trustees hereby appointed, together with the surviving and remaining Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, shall be and ate hereby empowered to put the said recited Acts and this Act in Execution, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if they had been appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts.

V. And be it further enacted, That until the said new Branch of Road shall be made and completed, for the Passage of Horses, Cattle, Carts, and Carriages, on the Time, the Tolls authorized by the said recited Acts to be taken on the Roads therein mentioned, shall be colk&ed and received by and on the foie Account of the several Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the said Acts; and that from ai d after the f.iid Branch of Road, or such Part and so much thereof as extends from the said Tupton Nether Green to the said Mansfield and Keljlidge Turnpike Road, shall be made and completed, and Tolls actually taken thereon, the Tolls directed to be taken on the Roads comprized in the said recited Acts, and on the said new Branch of Road respectively, shall thenceforward bediflind and separate Funds, and be paid and applied in Payment and Discharge of the Interest due and to become due to the Creditors of the different Roads respectively, without any Preference or Priority whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That after the said Branch, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, shall be made, there shall and may be demanded, taken, collected, and received, at the several and respective Gates, or Turnpikes, which shall be erected upon, across, or by the Side of the said Branch of Road, the following Tolls and Duties i that is to say,

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Sociable, Charior, Curricle, Calash, Hearse, Chaifc, Phaeton, Whiskey, Gig, Chair, or Taxed Cart, and every other Carriage cn Springs, drawn by Six Horses, or other Beasts, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Four Horses, or other Beasts, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence , and drawn by Two Horses, or other Beasts, the Sum of Nine-pence; and for every Chaise or Chair, drawn by One Iiorfe, or other Beast, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny.

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches, drawn by Six or more Horses, or other Beasts, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; but if the Wheels shall run in a Track, the Breadth of which shall be cither on the Ouifide under Four Feet Five Indus, or on the lnfide above Five Feet Eight Inches, then the Sum ot Two Shillings; but if the Axle-tree, Bullies, and Wheels, of such Carriages, are made perfectly cylindrical, then the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence.

For every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, as aforesaid, drawn by Five Horfts, the Sum of Two Shillings; but if the Wheels run in either of the before-mentioned Tracks, then the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence -, and if the Axle-trey, Bushes, and Wheels, are made in Manner aforesaid, then the Sum of One Shilling.

For every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, as aforesaid, drawn by Four Horses, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; but if the Wheels

run

56S

I

t iI 1

ch

id,

ci

ik

sib,

ind

Is,

let,

IWB i

for

stun

non

bet,

idtk

Jtti,

r<»

ui

nil

W

ii If

4

Hi

4> GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

run in either of the before-mentioned Tracks, then the Sum of One Shilling, and if the Axle-tree, Bullies, and Wheels, are made in Manner aforesaid, then the Sutn of Eight-pence, for every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, as aforesaid, drawn by Three Horles, the Sum of One Shilling, but if the Wheels run in either of the before-mentioned Tracks, then the Sum of Eight-pence, and if the Axle-tree, Bullies, and Wheels, are made in Mariner aforesaid, then the Sum of Sixpence.

Tor every fetch Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, as aforesaid, drawn by Two Horses, the Sum of Eight-pence, but if the Wheels run in either of the before-mentioned Tracks, then the Sum of Sixpence, and if the Axle-tree, Bullies, and Wheels, are made in Manner aLrcsaid, then the Sum of Four-pence.

For every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carnage, as aforesaid, drawn by One Horfr, the Sum of Four-pence, but if the Wheels run in either of the hrfere-memioned Tracks, then the £um of Three-pence, and if the Axl<-t ee, Bullies, and Wheels, are made in Manner aforesaid, then the Sum ot Two-pence.

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof ot less Breadth than Six Inches, drawn by Four EJorles, or other Bealls, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and if drawn by Three Horles, or other Beads, the Sum of One Shilling and Nine-pence.

For every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, as last-mentioned, drawn by Two Hotfes, or other Beads, the Sum of One Shilling, but if the Wheels run in either of the before-mentioned Tracks, then the Sum of Sixpence, and fi r every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, as last-mentioned, diawn by one Horle, or ether Bead, the Sum ot Sixpe ice, but if the Wheels run in either of the before-mentioned Tracks, then the Sum of Three-pence, and if the Axle-tree, Bullies, and Wheels, are made in Manner aforesaid, then the Sum of 1 wo-pence. For every Horle, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Hilfpenny.

For every Pair of Mill Stones, or Block or Blocks of Stone, or Timber, draxn by Four or more Horses, or orher Bealls, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence.

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sjm of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove ot Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Scare; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which Did Tolls shall be, and the same are hereby veded in the Trudces for executing the said recited Acts and this Act; and the fame and every Parc thereof shall be collected, recovered, levica, paid, assigned, lessened, and varied in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fume Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Non-payment < r Evafkin thereof, and with such Pbwers, Provisions, and Restrictions as are contained in the said recited Acts respecting the Tolls thereby granted and made payable, except so far as such Poweis, Provisions, and Reltdftions are by this Act varied or altered.

7 D

Tolls vested in the Trustees, and may be recovtred, flee, in the same Manner as the Tolls granted by the said & are to be recovei ed.

[.Loc. Per.]

5^6 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

One Toll cnly pavaMeon the ntw Bianch.

VIf. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if there fhdl be more than One Toll Gate erected upon the said new Branch of Road, no Person having paid the Toll at one of the said Toll Gares, shall be li-bleon the same Day to pay Toll at any other Toll Gate erected or to be erected upon the said new Branch of Road for passing with the fame Cattle or Carnages, inch Person producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment; which Note or Ticket the C'dledors of the Tolls are hen by required to gtvc gratis on Demand on Receipt of the said Tolls i Provided also, that no Toll Gate or Bar shall be erected on any Part of the said new B anch of Road between Britton Wood Nock and the Junction of the new Branch of Road with the present Road at Tupton Nether Green.

General Exemptions.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggon', Wains, Carrs, Carriage', Horses, or other Beasts employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, cr returning empty from carrying or conveying, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the Lid Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Road doth lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Scraw only, not fold or dif-pofrd of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses, or on tie Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wairs, Carts, Carriages- Horses, or other B.'acts employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Hufbindry.or any Mould, Dung, Compofl, or Manure (Lime excepted) employed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Lime to b' uf d solely in manuring or improving Lands or Grounds within any Township or Parish liable to do Statute Wotk on any Part of the new Branch of Road hereby directed to be made, provided that such Lime arise, be got, made, and used in the same Township or I'atilb, and not elfcwhtre; cr for any Ho fes or Cattle going to or returning from Pallute cr Watering Places, or going to be, or returning from being shoed or tarried; or from any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial C.hurch, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worst.ip, tolerated by Law on a Sunday\ or on any other Diy on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be eelebratt d, or attending the Funeral of any PeTon that shall die and be buiied in any of the said Parishes; or from any Curare going to or returning from visiting any lick Person, or upon ether his Minliferial Duty, on a Sunday, < r on any other Div on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated , or for any Horses, Cattle, o'Carriages of whatsoever Description employed, or to be employed, in conveying the Mails of Letters and ExprcfTes under the Authority of His Majesty's Port Mailer General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresscs, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their Match, or on Doty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any lloife, Mare, or Gelding fui-nished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning f om the Place of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Atms, Furnituic, and Accou rements, 5 according

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 567

according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time cf claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Pa fie* or for any Horle, Cattle, or Bead drawing any Coach, Landau,

Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, or Chair, or any Passenger on horleback going to or returning from any Election of a Member to serve in Parliament for the Paid County of Derby; or for any Horse, Beall, or Carriage laden with Charcoal or Irontlone only, belonging to the Proprietors of the Iron Works at Winger werth in the said County of Derby; and if any Person or Persons shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the aforesaid Exemptions, not being legally entitled thereto, every such Person or Persons shall for every Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of the Meetings on Trustees it shall at any Time be thought necessary that there should be an JUISe" earlier Day of Meeting than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in

that Cafe the Clerk to the said TruhetS, by an Order in Writing signed by Five or more of the acting Trustees, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice, by Writing affixed on all the Toll Gates then erected by virtue of the said recited Acts and of this Act, or by Advertisement in the Derby Newspaper, of the Time,

Place, and Purpose, which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees, such Time not being Itfs than Seven Days after such Notice, and huh earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Tiufiees at all such Meetings shall be as valid and effcdu.il as if such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

X. And whereas an Act was passed in the Fifch Year of the Reign of s c. 3- c. 90. His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Alf eton Turnpike Road near a Place called Little Robins, in the Parish of Maos,field, in the County of Nottingham, through Woolley Moor to the Nottingham Turnpike Road near Tanfley, in the County of Derby, and frtm Woolley Moor to the Chesterfield Turnpike Road at Kelltidge, in the said County e/'Dirby: And whereas another Act was pallid in the Twenty- 18 G- 3. 0*7. eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for reviving. continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers cf an Atl made in the Fifth Ttaref the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the AlPeton Turnpike Road near a Place called Little Robins, in tie Parr/^c/Mansfield, in the County ^Nottingham, through Woolley Moor to the Nottingham Turnpike Road near Tanfley, in the County of Derby, and from Woolley Moor to the Chesterfield Turnpike Road at Keif, tidge, in the said County of Dei by: And whereas Horses and Carriages cravel-lingon the intended new Branch ot Road herebydirecled to be made will pass and repass from or near the Bottom of Stubbing-edge Lane aforesaid, where the said intended new Branch of Road will join to and communifcate with the said Road in the said lall recited Act' mentioned, unto and as tar as Kelflidge aforesaid, under the Care of the Trustees appointed by the said lait recited Acts: And whereas, in confldirauon of the great Advantage which the said Cwny°r<:non intended new Branch of Road will produce to the Neighbourhood thereof, Tr aders of° the said lait mentioned Trustees have, at one of their Meetings, agreed to Mansfield and divert the Course of the Road under their Care at or near Coppice Chain, Roads,2*

and

S68

'48° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

and make the fame more level than it is at present, and to nsrmit Horst* and Carriages going to or from the said intended new Bianch of Road to pal's alonsr the said Piece of Road Toll-free, on Condition of receiving the annual Sum of Twenty-five Pounds from the Trustees for executing this Act, as a C.omposition for the Tolls that would be payable for such Horses and Carriages; be it therefore enacted, That after the said new Branch of Road, or loch Part thereof as aforesaid, shall be made, there shall be yearly and every Year paid by and out of the Tolls to be collected and received upon the said new Branch of Road under the Authority of this Act, to the Treasurer of the Trustees of the said Mansfield, and Kelftidge Turnpike Road, or such other Person or Persons as they shall authorize to receive the lame, the clear Sum of Twenty-five Pounds, which shall be accepted by them as a Composition for the said free Passage granted by them on the said Piece of Road hertin-before described, and a!so for the Diversion and Alteration agreed to be trade and performed by them upon the aforesaid Part of the said Mansfield and Kel/tidge Turnpike Road.

Ccrnpofi-

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Composition or annual Sum

tion, v hen of Twenty-five Pounds shall not begin to be payable as aforesaid, until

How to be'0 the aforesaid Part of the said Mansfield and Kelfiidge Turnpike Road shall

recovered. be fu diverted, and well and sufficiendy levelled, repaired, and amended, nor until the said new Branch of Road, or such Part thereof as aforesaid, shall be completed, and Tolls shall begin to be received thereon, or until the same shall be opened for Passage of Hctfes and Carriage5, (Notice in Writing whereof shall be delivered by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said new Branch of Road to the Trustees acting under the said Acts telitive to the Mansfield and Kelftidge Turnpike Road, within Seven Days after such Toll shall begin to betaken); but such Composition shall be computed from the Day whereon the Polls shall begin to be paid, and shall be paid on the same Day in every succeeding Year; and in Default

of such Payment for the Space of Thirty Days after the fame shall from Time to Time become due, such annual Sum of Twenty-five Pounds or any Part thereof, shall and may be recovered from the Trustees appointed in and by this Act, or from their Treasurer for the Time being, by Action ( f Debt or on the Cafe, in any of H.s Meg fly’s Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of the Treasurer or Tiea-furers for the Time bcintt, of the said Mansfield and Kelfiidge Turnpike Road, against the Trealuter for the Time being of the said Trustees for executing this Act; and the said Sum of Twenty-five Pounds shall be applied and disposed of in such and the same Manner as the Tolls payable by virtue of the said Two lait recited Acts, are directed to be applied and disposed of.

p f __ XII. , And be it further enacted, That no Preference shall be given to any to 1 e given to PersonorPe suns, who hath or have heretofore advanced and lent, or at Mortgagees. ar)y Time or Times hereafter, shall advance and lend any Sum or Sums of Money upon thr Credit or the said funner Acts or of this Ac.', in resptft to the P. lorrty of advancing such Sum or Sums, but all Furious to whom any Mortgages or Assignments have been, or shall hereafter be made, shall be in Proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned, Creditors in equal Degree one with another; and in calc any Creditor shall, by hjeft-mtnr, or o her due Coutle of Law, recover, or get Possession of all or any of the Tull B.rsur Tolls, to becoftefted by virtue of the former Acts or of

this

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 569

this Act, he shall be deemed to hold the fame in Trust for the Benefit of himself and all other the Creditors of the said former Acts and this Act, in an equal Degree, and shall account for and pay all the Money he shall receive amongst all the Creditors or Mortgagees, in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money advanced on their Paits respectively, on the Credit of the said Tolls.

XIII. And be it further enacted, Thatfomuch of the Costs, Charges, and For payinrthe

Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and preparatory thereto, as of

is consequent upon a Renewal of the said recited Acts, shall be paid and discharged by the said Trustees out of any Money already collected or received, or hereafter to arise by virtue of the said first recited Acts or this Act, on the Road directed to be repaired by the said Acts; but that all Expences in anywise consequent upon, or occasioned by the said new Branch, or the Introduction of the fame into this Act, shall be paid and discharged by and out of the Money subscribed as aforesaid, or to be hereafter borrowed for that Purpose, upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable on the said new Branch of Road.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and Trustees may be sued for or concerning any Thing to be done, or omitted to be done,

by virtue or in pursuance of the Directions of the said former Acts and Name of their this Act, in the Name of their Treasurer for the Time being, and that Treasurer. no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees in the Name of their Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Treasurer, nor by the Act of such Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees cr any Five or more of them; but the Treasurer far the Time being of the said 'I rustees, shall be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action: Provided always, that every fucia Treasurer in T.,surer whoseName every such Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, bsrebnbarfed. or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid, and it shall be lawful for him to retain out of the Money ihep in his Hands, or out of the first Money to come to his Hands by virtue of the said former Acts and this Act, after such Action or Suit shall be concluded or discontinued, all such Payments, Colts, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event of or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being fp made Plaintiff or Defendant as alore-said, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be com- Afl-nn to menced or brought against any Pei fun or Perl'ons, for any Thing done or be brought omitted to be done in pursuance of the Directions of this or the said recited *ithojtNo* Acts, until Twenty-one Days Notice shall be thereof given to ihp Treafu-

rer to the said Trustees, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender hath been made by him to the Party or Parties agg-ieved, which Tender the said Trustees are hereby authorized to make or order to be made by the said Treasurer, in order to prevent any such Action or Actions, and the said Treasurer shall be reimbursed the Amount of every such Tender, by the Ways and Means herein-before mentioned, in the Cafe of any Action

or Suit being actually commenced j nor shall any such Action or Suit be [Loc. tst Per.] 7 E commenced

570

Collectors declared competent Wi:-nciits-

Statute Work.

4-E‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

commenced after Six Calendar Months next after the Had committed, or cause of Action arose; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid and brought in the County or Place where the Matter shall ariie, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall, at his or their Election, plead specially, or the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to be so done, or that such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Ver-dist, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for his, her, or their Cods in any other Cafes by Law.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not by reason thereof be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the saidfird recited Acts, as relate to the Performance of Statute Labour on the said Road, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed , and that all Persons, who, by Law, are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Parc thereof, shall dill remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Derby, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places, in which the said Roads do lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of, or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers-, and, in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place, to be expressed in such Summons, (within Fourteen Days after the serving of such Summons,) of the Names of the several Persons, who within such Parish or Place are, by Law, subjected and liable to do Statute Work for that Year; or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of, or as a Composition for such Statute Work, didiDguishing the Nature of the Work to be done,

whether

571

4S* GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

whether with Teams or Draughts* or otherwise; and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed determined by any Law or Statute, in force and effect* for the Repairs of the Publick Highways; and out of such Lifts, the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Per-fors who shall appear to be subject and liable to Stature Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Scatute Work in every Year, upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable , and the lame shall be done at such Days, and at such Times, (not being Hay Time of Harvest,) and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofuion for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts authorized or flirested to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall negkft or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abcde, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Defaulc of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts,

Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subjrft and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to, by any Law or Statute in force or effect, for the Repair of the Publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall oe sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and discharge the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Ca!e every such Perfm shall be subject and liable to the respectiveFoifeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had negk'sted or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and if any Surveyor of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Place?, shall refuse or wilfully neglect: to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sium not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said first recited Acts, ceedin*; mol. and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Coveit, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly

mentioned

572

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be psid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a fuminary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Courr, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, fur, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money, of Compenfa- f0 agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Here-fanDcdoei not ditaments purchased, taken, or uled for the Purposes aforesaid, and exceed iou). belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons, for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, inthcName and with the Pr ivity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making tuch Option,

2 and

573

4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as ihe Cafe be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money, so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cates, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenement', or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fir, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufc and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Actt$ and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them-, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannor be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing the m,) subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application cf any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Parc thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereoy empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid ouc and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order D'ftribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Inrereft of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises, as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning ^nd specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall aritc touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be [Lie. & Per.) 7 F paid

Application

where the Money is Its* than 201.

In case of not making out Titles,

or if Personi cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Sank;

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery oa Motion or Petition.

Where any Question shall anle louching the Title to

574 4-8’ GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

paid"'the"p*r. :Pa* ‘ni° 'he Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity son wiiofbail uf the Accountant General of the Ccurt of Chancery, in pursuance fion of the^" C^'S *or t*le Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Here-

Lands at the ditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tene-Purchast^shall ments> or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance < f the said recited be deemed Acts and this Act $ or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any

therein ^uch ^oney» or she Dividends or Interests of any such Bank Annuities,

the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purcnale, and all Persons claiming; under such Person or Persons, or under the Pofftssion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interests of the said Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money j and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fomc Estate or Interest therein,

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, Thatwhere, by reason of any Dif-ability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem veasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

v XXIV. Andbeitfurther enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken

u 'L L to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Continuance

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts and this Act uf this Act. (subject to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) shall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Residue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the said recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

J. ON DON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

-*'

Cap. 39.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great Walsingham, Little Wafingham, and Houghton next Walftngham, in the County of Norfolk.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Atl certain Provisions nfually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the everal Fads usually required on the paging of such Acts: And whereas there are within the Parishes of Great Walsingham. Little Walftngham, and Houghton next Walsingham, in the County of Norfolk, divers Whole Year Lands, Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds: And' whereas Daniel Henry Lee Warner Esquire, is Lord of the several Manors of Great Walsingham late the Queen's, Granges in Great Walfing-ham otherwise Wafvigbam ad Grangias, Binham in Great Walsingham, Bolts, Fens, Marches, and Hatch ows in Great Walsingham, Collinghams and Powers in Great Walsingham, Little Walsingham late the Queen's, Granges in Little Walsingham otherwise Walsingham ad Grangias, Houghton Poos otherwise Sydneys, Gaunt shall and Gurneys in Houghton, and Houghton Lexbams, in the said County, and claims to be entitled to the Soil of all the Paid Commons and Waste Grounds: And whereas Thomas William Coke Esquire, in right or in resptcl of the Lordship or Manor of Great Walsingham, with the Leet and View of Frankpledge or otherwise, claims to be entitled to the Soil of all the Commons and Waste Grounds \_Loc. & Per.j 7 G within

5 7»

Gomraiflion*

9Tt

For appointing new Com imdioneri.

48° GEORGII ili. Cap. 29i

within the Parish of Great Walsingham aforesaid: And whereas the said Daniel Henry Lee Warner is lei zed of the Impropriate Redories of Great Walsingham and Little IValJingham aforesaid, and is entitled to the Tythes arising from divers Lands in Great Walsingham and Little Wal/ingham aforesaid: And whereas the said Daniel Henry Lee Warner is Patron of the Donatives or Perpetual Curacies of the Parish Churches of Great Walsingham and Little Walsingham aforesaid, and the Reverend Jan.es Lee Warner Clerk is the present Curate thereof, nominated and appointed by the said Daniel Henry Lee Warner, and in that Capacity is entitled 10 certain Lands belonging thereto :And whereas the said Daniel Henry Lee Warner is l'eized of the Impropriate Rectory of Houghton next Walsingham aforesaid, and is entitled to all the Great Tythes arising within the Parish of Houghton next Walsingham aforesaid; and the said Daniel Henry Lee Warner is Patron of the Vicarage of Houghton next Walsingham aforesaid, and the said James Lee Warner is the present Vicar or Incumbent of the said Vicarage, and in that Capacity is entitled to the Parsonage House and Glebe Lands belonging thereto: And whereas the said Daniel Henry Lee Warner, James Lee Warner, and divers other Persons respectively, are Owners and Proprietors of all the Messuages, Lands, and Tenements situate, lying, and being within the Parishes of Great Walsingham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton next Walsingham aforesaid: And whereas the said Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds, are subject to certain Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common of Pasture, or other Commonable Rights, and great Part of the said Whole-year Lands, Common Fields, and Half-year or Shack Lands, are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof: And whereas it would be advantageous to the several Persons entitled to and interested in the Premises if the said Rights of Sheepwalk, Shackage, and Common were extinguished, and the said Whole-year Lands, Common Fields, Half-year, or Shack Lands, Commons, and Waste Grounds were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled toand interest-edin the fame, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests, under the Directions and Limitations in this Act contained; but such Divisions and Allotmentscannot beefieftually made and established without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore pleaseYour Majesty That it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Henry Bell of Wallington, in the said County of Norfolk, Esquire, and John Dugmore of Swafibam in the said County of Norfolk, Gentleman, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing and allotting the said Whole-year Lands, Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Landt, Commons and Waste Grounds, and for carrying this Act into Execution, subject to such Powers, Authorities, Directions, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act, as are not altered, varied, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said Henry Bell shall refuse or become incapable to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, or shall die, before all the Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed and vested in the said Commissioners shall be fully executed and performed, the said Daniel Henry Lee Warner, or the Lord 8 or

48‘ GEORGII III. Cup. %9. 579

or Lady of the said Manor of Great Waifingham late the Queen’s, for the Time being, shall and may at any Time within Forty Days next after his or her Knowledge of such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity to act, by Writing under his or her Hand, appoint any other Person (not being interested in the Premises, and not being the Attorneyor Agent of the said Daniel Henry Lee Warner, or of the Lord or Lady of the last-mentioned Manor) to be a Commissioner for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, in the Place of the said Henry Bell; and also to make the like Appointment, when and so often as any Person to be appointed a Commissioner in the Place of the said Henry Bell shall die, or refuse or become incapable to act as aforesaid; and in case the said John Dugmore shall refuse or become incapable to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, or shall die before all the Powers,

Authorities, and Trusts, reposed and vested in the said Commissioners,

shall be fully executed, the several Owners and Proprietors of Messuages,

Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Parishes of Great Wr.lfngham, Little Walftngham, and Houghton aforesaid (save and except the said Daniel Henry Lee Warner, and the Lord or Lady for the Time being of the said respective Manors, now belonging to the said Daniel Henry Lee Warner), or the major Part of them in Value, according to the Land Tax Assessments, who shall be present in Person, or by their respective Attornies or Agents, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, within Forty Days after such last-mentioned Death, Refusal, or Incapacity to act (of which Meeting Notice shall be given by any Two or more of such Owners and Proprietors* or their respective Attornies or Agents, or by the other Commissioner for putting this Act into Execution, by affixing such Notice on the Doors of the Parish Churches of Great Walsingham,

Little Walsingham, and Houghton aforesaid, and causing the same to be inferred in the Norfolk Chronicle ox Norwich Mercury, or some other Newspaper then printed or circulated in the said County of Norfolk, Eight Days at lead before such Meeting,) shall and may, by Writing under their Hands, nominate and appoint a proper Person (not being interested in the Pretnifes, and not being the Attorney or Agent of any Person interested therein), to be a Commissioner in the Place and Stead of the said John Dugmore, and to make the like Appointment when and so often as any Person so to be appointed a Commissioner in the Place of the said John Dugmore shall die, or refuse, or become incapable to act as aforesaid; but if the said respective Parties shall neglect to make such Appointment or Appointments as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the surviving or remaining Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required forthwith by Writing under his Hand, to appoint another Person (nor interested in the Premises, and not being the Attorney or Agent of any Person interested therein) to be a Commissioner in the Place and Stead of the Commissioner so dying or refusing to act, or becoming incaphhle of ailing as aforesaid; and every Person so to be appointed a Commissioner as aforesaid, shall take and subscribe the Oath or Affirmation prescribed in the said recited Act, and shall thereupon have such and the like Powers and Authorities, in all Respects, for putting the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, as if he had been named and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act.

III. And be it further er.acted. That if any Difference of Opinion shall F,r appo;nN

arise between the said Comm'ffioners touching or concerning any Matter ing an Umpire

S3o

CoirmiiTiott. ers differ in Opinion.

Umpire to tike an Oath.]

Notice of Commission-’ crt Meeting!.

One Commi ffioeier may adjourn.

Other Notice* trow to be given.

4.8' GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

or Thing to be done by them, by virtue or in Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, the said Commissioners from Time to Time, and when andfo often as such Difference of Opinion shall arise, shall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint fbme Person (not being interested in the Premises) to be an Umpire between them, and the Matter upon which such Difference of Opinion shall or may aiife shall be settled and determined by such Umpire, whose Determination in Writing shall be binding and ronclusive upon the said Commissioners; and for the Purpose aforesaid, but not for any other Purpose, such Umpire shall have, and he is hereby veiled with the fame Powers and Authorities, as by the said recited Act and this Act are given to or vested in the said Commissioners.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as an Umpire as aforesaid until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say,)

‘ T Dofwear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, according ‘ to the best of my Skill and Judgement, execute and perform the several Powers and Authorities veiled and reposed in me as an Umpire, by ‘ virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Great Walsingham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton nextWalfing-

ham, in the County ^Norfolk, according to Equity and good Conscience,

and without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.’

Which Oath the said Commissioners, or either of them, are and is here* by empowered to administer; and such Oath, and also the Writing appointing such Umpire, shall be annexed to the Award of the said Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to cause Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of their first and of every other Meeting for the Execution of this Act, to be inserted in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in some other Newspaper printed or circulated within the said County of Norfolk, Eight Days at leaf! before every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment excepted); and if only One of the said Commissioners shall be present at the Time and Place to be appointed for any such Meeting, then and in fu(h Cafe, and so often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for such Commissioner to adjourn such Meeting to such Place within the Parish of Little Walsingham aforesaid, or within Eight Miles thereof, as he shall think moll convenient, giving Notice of such Adjournment to the absent Commissioner.

VI. Provided always, That all other Notices necessary or requisite to be given by the said Commissioners jn pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, shall be so given by Advertisement in the said Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in some other Newspaper printed or circulated within the said County of Norfolk.

48° GEORGII III. Caj>..2 9. 581

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Map, Plan, Survey, and Ad- 0!d,?"rv?vJ mea'u ement of the Pari (lies of Great Walsingham, Little. Walsingham, and ""15 ' Houghton aforesaid, or any or either of them, shall be produced to the said Commissioners, and the same shall be in their Judgment and to their Satisfaction a just and true Map, Plan, Survey, and Admeasurement, and proper for the Purpose of carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to contract for and purchase the fame at or for such Sum of Money as they shall think reasonable, and the Purchase Money shall be considered as Part of the Colts, Charges, and Expences of executing the said recited Act and this Act, and shall be raised, levied, and paid accordingly, and after such Contract and Purchase the said Commissioners and the Surveyor to be appointed by them are hereby authorized and required to ule any such Map,

Plan, Survey, and Admeasurement, so contrasted for and purchased as aforesaid for the Purpose of carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, without causing any new Map, Plan, Survey, and Admeafurt-ment to be made of the Lands and Tenements comprized therein.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, ^or*fc"‘*m* with all convenient Speed after the passing of this Act, cause Notice

of their Intention to perambulate the Boundaries of the said Parishes of Great Walsingham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton respectively, to be inl'erted in the said Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in some other Newspaper printed and circulated within the said County of Norfolk, Eight Days at lealt before the Time of such Perambulation, and after the Expiration of the Time to be specified in such Notice, they the said Comm ffioners are hereby authorized and required to perambulate, enquire into, set out, ascertain, fix, and determine, the Boundaries of the said Parishes of Great Walsingham, Little IValftngham, and Houghton respectively, and a Description of the said Boundaries shall, within Forty Days afterwards, be inserted in the said Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in some other Newspaper printed and circulated within the said County of Norfolk.

IX. Provided always, That if any of the Proprietors of Estates or App-nito Inhabitants ol any Parish or Parishes adjoining to the Parishes of Great Se®on«

Walftnrham. Little Walsingham, and Houg'.ton aforesaid, or either of them,

shall be diffjtisfied wiih the Determination of the said Commissioners, respecting the said Boundaries, such Proprietors or Inhabitants, or any of them, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace acting in and for the County of Norfolk, at any General Quarter Session of the Peace to be held within FourCalendarMonths next after the aforesaidPublication of tile said Boundaries, on giving to the said Commissioners Fourteen Days Notice in Writ ng, of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, and the Deci-fion oi the said Justices therein, shall be filial and conclusive.

X. And be it further er.acted, That if the said Commissioners shall Forn,irt. . deem it expedient or proper to shorten the Boundary Fences between tlte iCmda'r/ the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided and allotted in F*"?cf wfi* the Parishes of Great Walfinyham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton afore- riSia.’ E said respectively, and any Parish or Parishes adjoining thereto, or to make the fame Boundary Fences rd'pedively regular, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, (with the Consent. in Writing, under the - [Lee. b5 Per.'] , 7 H Hand

5* 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords of the Manor or Manors in which the Land is situate, or of the Owner or Owners of the Land upon which any Fence or Fences shall or may be intended to be made,) to set out the Boundary between the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided and allotted in the Parishes of Great li'al/ingbarn, Little IValfing* ham, and Hougbten aforesaid respectively, and any adjoining Parish or Parishes, in such Manner as they shall judge proper for the Purpose aforesaid 5 and after such Boundaries shall be so set out as aforesaid, the same shall be fenced by such Person or Persons in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, as the said Commissioners shall direct, and shall for ever thereafter be deemed and takentobethe Boundaries between the Parishes of Great bLalfmgbam, Little Walsingham, and Houghton aforesaid respectively, and such adjoining Parish or Parishes respectively j any Law, tjfage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

And 'f further enacted, That if any of the Parties interested to t:.c ra.tie. in the Premises shall have any Objection or Objections to any of the w-eobP^T Accounts or Claims which shall be delivered to the said Commissioners by ,r ;ecit virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, such Objection or Objections shall be reduced into Writing, and Two Parts thereof shall be signed by the Party or Parties making the same, or by some Person or Persons on his, her, or their Behalf, and One Part thereof shall be delivered to the said Commissioners, and the other Part thereof shall be delivered to the Party or Parries whose Claim or Account shall be objected to, or to his, her, or their Agent, or left at his, her, or their lait or usual Place of Abode, at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall appoint for that Purpose, and no Objection to any of the said Accounts or Claims shall be afterwards received by the said Commissioners, unleL for some legal Disability or special Cause to be allowed by them.

Cortrniiflion -

ers to settle Differences.

Com't'issioners to sum-«nor Wit-nctles.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests which they or any of them shall claim to have in, to, upon, or out of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or concerning any Allowance claimed or to be made for ploughing* sowing Turnips, or Corn, laying down with Grass S.*ds, manuring or improving the said Lands, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person having been summoned according to the Directions of the said recited Act, to testify the Truth upon Oath, touching any Matter in Difference between any of the Parties interested in the Premises, or otherwise relating to the Execution of the Powers given by the said recited Act and this Act, and having been paid at tendered a sufficient Sum of Money to be ascertained by the said Commissioners, to defray the Charges of his or her Attendance, shall not appear before the said Commissioners pursuant to such Summons, without assigning some reasonable Excuse for not appearing, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn, or to be examined and give Evidence touching the Premises, the said Commissioners, upon due Proof thereof made

8 before

5«3

488 GEORG?II III. Cap. 29.

before them upon Oath (which Oath One of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to adminider) shall, and they are hereby authorized by Warrant under their Hands and Seals di'efted to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum of Money, not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so neglecting or refusing to appear and give Evidence, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducing the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid, shall be applied towards defraying the Costs and Expences of obtaining this Act, and carrying the said recited Act, and this Act into Execution.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall upon the Hearing and Determination cl any Claim or Objection to be delivered to them in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, fee Cause to award any Cods, it shall be lawful for the said Com midtoners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Cods as they dtall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire shall be made, by th,e Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Claim or Objection shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled, or against whom the said Commissioners shall have determined as aforesaid; and in case the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corpotate, or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Colts, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame upon Demand, it shall be lawful lor the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person or Persons whomlo-ever, to cause such Cods to be levied by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendtring the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Pet Ion or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Didrefs and Sale.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be intereded in the said intended Division and A'lotments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners cr Umpire, touching or concerning any Claim or Objection which shall be delivered to the said Commissioners in pursuance of the said recited Act or flits Act, or touching or concerning any Property, Right, or Intered, intended to be affected by such Determination, and shall within One Calendar Month next after such Determination cause Notice in Writing of such Dissatisfaction to be delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the said Commissioners, and of the Party or Parries in whose favour such Determination shall have been made, or his, her, or their Agent, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, giving such Notice as aforesaid, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter lo determined by the said Commissioners or Umpire, at the then next Assizes to be held for the said County of Norfolk, unless such Assizes (ha U

happen

Commission# f-rs to a (left Coils.

Power to try Rights by an HLwc at Law.

384

I/no AfHou br.iuirht, or not proceeded in, the Determination of the Commissioners or Umpire to be final.

In Ofe« of Deaths of Parties before Actions brought, the same to be carried on and defended in their Names.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

happen within Three Calendar Months next after the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, and in that Cafe at the Second Assizes to be beld for the said County next after such Determination, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, giving such Notice as aforesaid, shall within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination cause an Action to be brought in one of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, upon a feigned Issue, against the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whose favour such Determination shall have been made, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim, and the Property, Right, or Interest thereby infilled upon may be tried and determined, such Ilfue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame, and the Verdict which shall be given upon the Trial of such Action shall be binding,final, and conclusive, unless the Court wherein such Action shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to do in case the said Court shall think proper, and that after such Verdict shall be obtained and not set aside, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to act, in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow of the Claim Property, Right, or Interest thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials.

XVI. Provided always, That if no such Notice shall be given, or if any such Notice shall be given and such Action at Law shall not be commenced as aforesaid, or if any such Action shall be commenced and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall not proceed to Trial within the Time herein-before limited for that Purpose, then the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire shall be final, binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided also, that if any of the Parties in any such Action to be commenced as aforesaid shall die before the Determination thereof, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whose favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and against whom any such Action or Actions might have been brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the fame within the Time so limited as aforesaid, against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk of the said Commissioners with Proceis fur commencing such Action or Actions, in the fame Manr er as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith it living; and it shall therein also be incumbent on the Heir or Heirt, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Addons in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as it such

Person

4 8* GEORGII III. Cap. ig.

Person or Persons had been actually living; and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XVIII. Provided also, and be.it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the Paid Commissioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any of such Parties, except in Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of Twenty Years; but in case the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion against the Rights of the Person or Persons so in PoflWIion, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon, until the Pufleflion shall have been given up by or recovered from such Person or Personsby Ejedlment or other due coin ft of Law.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person, from and after the passing of this Act, to cut, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry away, any Turf, Flags, Whins, or Furze, in, upon, or from the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without the Licence of the said Commissioners first had and obtained, in Writing, for that Purpose, (which Licence the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant under such Regulations and Restrictions as they shall think proper to insert therein); and if any Person shall cur, dig, pare, grave, flay, or carry away, any Turf, Flags, Whins, or f'uize, in, upon, or from the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without such Licence as aforesaid, or having obtained such Licence, shall act in any Manner conti ary to the fame, the said Commissioners, or any Justice of the Peace acting in and for the said County, upon due Proof thereof made before the said Commissionersror Justice, upon Oath, (which Oath either of the said Commissioners or such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), shall by their or his Warrant* directed to any Person whomsoever, cause any Sum of Money, noc exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person offending in the Premises, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale, and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards defraying the Costs and Charges of obtaining this Act, and carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, at any Time before the Execution of the Award to be made by them in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, by any Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the Doors of the respective Churches of Great Walsingham, Little IVa'fmgham, and Houghton aforesaid, to order and direct all or any Rights of Sheep Walk, Siiackage, or Common, in, over, and upon the said Common Fields, Half-year or Shack Lanrts, Commons, and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended far and during such Time as shall be expressed in such Writing; and that all such Rights as the said Commissioners shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall from the Time of affixing such

[Lw. {*? Per} 7 / Writing

Persons in Possession not to be molclteii without due course of Law.

NoTurf, Flags, Whins, or Furze, to be cut sfter paiT-Ji*K of this Act without Lease of the Commissioner.

For extinguishing or suspenrttng Mights of Common be. fore the Award.

586

Commi flippers to dne£l

the Couiie of Koffiandfy.

And to make Drains, &c.

Old Ro uls to be continued until the new Ro ids are made

4&a GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

Writing on the said Church Doors respectively, or any other Time to be appointed by the Commissioners in or by such Writing, cease, determine, and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly; any Law, Usage, or Custotn to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, until the Execution of the said Award, no Part of the Meadow or Pasture Lands within the Parishes of Great Walsingham, Little Wolfing-ham, and Houghton aforesaid respectively, shall be ploughed or converted into Tillage without the Consent of the said Commissioners first had and obtained, in Writing, for that Purpose, and that all the Lands hereby directed to be awarded and allotted shall, during that Time be used and managed in such Manner, and shall be subject and liable to such Directions and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time by Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the Doors of the Churches of Great Walsingham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton aforesaid, respectively appoint, as well with regard to the flocking as to the draining, ploughing, folding, manuring, tilling, sowing, and laying down the lame, and also as to the cutting of Thorns or Bullies thereon; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by any Writing under their Hands, tG order and direct such Sum or Sums of Money in respect thereof, to be paid by any Person interested in the said Lands, or any Part thereof, or his or her Tenant to any other Person in like Manner interested therein, or his or her Tenant, as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable; and in case any Person who shall be directed to pay any such Sum or Sums of Money shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to raise and levy the same for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Act, and executing the said recited Act and this Act, can or may be raised and levied.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That.it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause any Ditches, Fences, Drains, Brooks or Watercourses, within the Parishes of Great Walsingham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton aforesaid respectively, to be cleansed, opened, scoured, widened, deepened, or enlarged, and also to cause any new Ditches, Fences, Bridges, Drains, Brooks or Watercourses to be made within the same Parishes respectively, and to make such Orders for maintaining such Ditches, Fences, Drains, Brooks or Watercourses in repair as they shall think proper: Provided that no such Works shall be made upon any inclosed Land without the previous Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof, testified by Writing under his, her, or their Hands, and that no such Brook or Watercoutfe shall be diverted or turned without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners of any inclosed Land from which any such Brook or Watercoutfe shall be diverted or turned, or into which the fame shall be intended to be carried or conveyed.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, Thatnone of thepresentPublicPIighways or Roads within the Parishes of Great Walsingham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton aforesaid respectively, shall be (hut up or discontinued until the

Roads

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 39. 587

Roads intended to be and remain Public Highways within the same Parishes respectively, shall be set out according to the Directions of the said recited Act, and until the same shall be properly formed, and made safe and convenient for Horses, Cattle, and Carriages.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners[shall assign, set out, and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the Parish of Little Walfmgbam aforesaid for the Time being, such Part of the Lands within the same Parish as the said Commissioners shall think proper, (the annual Value of such Allotment or Allotments not exceeding the annual Average Value of Two Fifteenth Parts of all the Commons and Waste Lands in the same Parish ;) and it shall be lawful for the Surveyors of the Highways, and the Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Parish of Little Walfmgbam aforesaid, and their Tenants for the Time being respectively, to use such Allotment or Allotments as and for public Watering Places for Cattle, and as and for public Sand, Gravel, Clay, Stone, Marl, and Chalk Pits, in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor of Little Walfmgbam late the Queen's, the Curate and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and the Surveyors of the Highways of Little Walfmgbam aforesaid for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to lime direct or appoint; and the Grass and Herbage of the said Allotment or Allotments shall be from Time to Time let by the Surveyors of the Highways in Little Walftngbam aforesaid for the Time being, at and for the belt Rent that can be obtained for the fame, and such Kent shall be applied towards the Repair of the public Roads in the same Parish.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall assign, A!j, tment f set out, and allot unto the Lord or Lords, Lady [or Ladies of the said the poor of Manor of Little Walfmgbam, late the Queen’s, and the Curate, Church-wardens and Overseers of the Poor of Little Walfmgbam aforesaid for the

Time being, such Part or Parts of the Lands in Little Walfmgbam aforesaid, as the said Commissioners shall think proper (the Annual Value of such Allotment or Allotments being equal to the Annual Value of the Remainder of the said Commons and Waste Grounds in Little Wolfing, bam aforesaid), and the last mentioned Allotment or Allotments shall be vested in the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the last-mentioned Manor, and the Curate, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of Little Walfmgbam aforesaid for the Time being, as Trustees for the poor Inhabitants of the same Parish for ever, and shall be ploughed, sown, tilled, cultivated, improved, let, demised or otherwise held, used, managed or disposed of, and the Produce, Rents, and Profits thereof shall be received and applied by the Trustees of the fame Allotment or Allotments respectively for the Time being, or the major Parc of them for the Use and benefit of such poor Inhabitants of the Parish of Little Walfmgbam aforesaid, who shall be legally settled therein, and shall not respectively occupy Lands or Tenements of more than the Yearly Value of Three Pounds, in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as the said Trustees for the Time being or the major Part of them shall appoint and prescribe, and not otherwise.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, Tlut the said Commissioners shall assign, Allotment for set out, and adot, unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the Parish pubi:cSand°r

of

Allotment for Public Sand and Gravel Pits in Little Walsingham.

588

and Giavit Pits in Great Walsingham.

Allotment for the Poor of Great Wal. finghatr.

The PtiMlc and Charuable Allotments to be freed from Tcthes and Parochial Charges.

Allotment for Right of Soil in Great Wal-finghaui.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

of Great Walsingham aforesaid, any Part of the Lands in the same Parish not exceeding Three Acres, as and for public watering Places for Cattle, and as and for public Sand, Gravel. Stone, Clay, Marl, and Chalk Pits; and it shall be lawful for the Surveyors of the Highways, and the Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the same Parish, and their Tenants for the Time being respectively, to use such Allotment or Allotments for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations as the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor of Great Walsingham late the Queen's, and the Curate, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and the Surveyors of the Highways of Great Wal-fingham aforesaid for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Timediredt or appoint; and the Grass and Herbage of the last-mentioned Allotment or Allotments shall be from Time to Time let by the Surveyors of the Highways in Great JValftngbam aforesaid for the Time being, at and for the belt Rent that can be obtained for the fame, and such Rent shall be applied towards the Repair of the public Roads in the same Parish.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissionerslhall assign, set out, and allot unto the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor of Great Walsingham late the Queen's, and the Curate, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor ot Great Walsingham aforesaid, for the Time being, such Part or Parts of the Lands in Great Walsingham aforesaid, as the said Commissioners shall think proper (the annual Value of such Allotment or Allotments not exceeding the annual average Value of Fifteen Acresof the Whole of the said Commons and Waste Grounds in Great Walsingham aforesaid); and such Allotment or Allotments shall be vested in the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the last-mentionedManor, and the Curate Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the 1’arish of Great Walsingham aforesaid for the Time being, as Trustees for the poor Inhabitants of the same Parish for ever, and shall be ploughed, sown, tilled, cultivated, improved, let, deinifed, or otherwise held, used,managed, or disposed of, and the Rents, Produce, and Profits thereof, shall be received and applied by the Trustees of the fame Allotment or Allotments respectively, for the Time being, or the major Part of them, for the Use and Benefit of such Poor Inhabitants of the Parish of Great Walsingham aforesaid, who shall be legally settled therein, and shall not respectively occupy Lands or Tenements of more than the yearly Value of Three Pounds, in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations, as the Trustees of the fame Allotment or Allotments respectively for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall appoint and prescribe, and not otherwise.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lands herein-before directed to be allotted to the Surveyors of the Highways, and in Trust for the Poor Inhabitants of Great Walsingham and Little Walsingham aforesaid respectively, shall from and after the Execution of the said Award be for ever freed, exonerated, and discharged of and from the Payment of all Tythes, and of and from all Parochial Taxes, Rates, Charges, Assessments, Burthens, or Impositions whatsover.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Ihallaflign, set out, and allot unto the Lord or Lords, Lady |or Ladies of the said Manors of Great Walsingham late the Queen’s, Gratigcs in Great Wafing-

ham

48° GEORGII m. Cap. ig. 589

ham otherwise Walsingham ad Grangias, Binbam in Great Walfingjiam,

Bolts, Fens, Marches, and Hatchows in Great Walsingham, Col/inghams and Powers in Great Walsingham, Little Walsingham late the Queen’s, and Granges in Little Walsingham otherwise Walsingham ad Grangias, foTthe Time being, and unto the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Lordship or Manor of Great Walsingham, with the Leet and View of Frankpledge for the Time being, or unto any other Person or Persons being Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors within the Parish of Great Walftngham aforesaid, or to such of them as is, are, or shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, be entitled to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds in Great Walsingham aforesaid, or any Part thereof, such Parc or Parts of the Lands in Great Walsingham aforesaid, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to One Twentieth Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds in the last-mentioned Parish; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be a full Compensation and Recompence to such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, for his, her, or their Right in and to the Soil of such Commons and Waste Grounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, with

all convenient Speed after the passing of this Act, ascertain the Lands ment o* Tithe* which are subject to the Payment of Tythes to the said Daniel Henry Lee to the lm-Werner, as Owner of the said Impropriate Rectories of Great Walsingham °‘

and Little Walsingham aforesaid respectively, and shall then set out and Little wai-allot unto the said Daniel Henry Lee Warner, or the Owner of the said '

Impropriate Rectories of Great Walsingham and Little Walsingham afore- and Aiiot-said, for the Time being respectively, such Part of the Lands in the adLSii»°i^-a Parishes of Great Walsingham and Little Walsingham aforesaid respectively, thereof, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to such Tythes; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be accepted determined by the said Daniel Henry Lee Warner, or the Owner of the said Impropriate Rectories of Great Walsingham and Little Walsingham aforesaid respectively for the Time being, in lieu of and as a full Recompence and Satisfaction for such Tythes, and shall be deducted in due Proportions out of and from the Lands belonging, or to be allotted to the Person or Persons whose Lands shall be so ascertained to be subject to the Payment of such Tythes as aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided always, that in case any Proprietor or Proprietors, of But such Lands in the Parishes of Great Walsingham and Little Walsingham afore- c0mmu«dfor said, or either of them, which are subject to the Payment of Tythes as by Money, aforesaid, shall be desirous of making a pecuniary Satisfaction for the fame,

and shall by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, signify such Desire to the said Commissioners at any Time within Six Calendar Months nexr after the passing of this Act, tnen and in such Case the said Commissioners shall make a Valuation of such Tythes, and the Proprietor or respective Proprietors of the I ands so subject to the Payment of Tythes as aforesaid, shall pay or cause to be paid to the said Commissioners* or to such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall appoint, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be the Value of and a full Compensation and Satisfaction for such Tythes; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order and diieft that such Money so to be paid as aforesaid \JLoc. ftf Per.] 7 K shall

59° 4&u GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

shall be applied in or towards defraying the Parr, Share, or Proportion of the Costs and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of executing the said recited Act and this Act, which shall be charged upon or payable by the said Daniel Henry Lee Warner, or the Owner or Owners of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of him the said Daniel Henry Lee Warner in Great Walsingham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton aforesaid for the Time being, in relpecl of the Allotments to be made to him or them by virtue of this Act; and in case any such Order or Direction shall be made by the said Commissioners, and any Surplus of such Money shall remain after the Performance of such Order or Direction, then such Surplus, or in case no such Order or Direction shall be made then all such Money, shall be paid into the Bank of England, according to the Directions of the said recited Act, with retpeft to Money which is thereby directed to be paid into the Bank of England, for the Purchase or Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be set led to the fame XII’es, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as therein mentioned.

Linds tubjeft

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall also men*of1* *dcerta'n the Lands, which are subject to the Payment of Tythes or any

Tithe, &c. to Modus, Composition, Pension, Stipend, or Sum of Money to the said the Curate of James Lee Warner, as Curate of the said Parishes of Great Walsingham neWalfing^1" and Little Walsingham aforesaid respectively, and shall then let out and ham to be af- allot unto the said James Lee Warner, or the Curate of the lait mentioned Ai)owenu*w Par'^es respectively for the Time being such Part of the Lands in Great beinadeiniieu Walsingham and Little Walsingham aforesaid respectively, as shall in the thereof.! Judgment of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to such Tythes, or to such Modus, Composition, Pension, Stipend, or Sum of Money payable to the said James Lee Warner, as Curate as aforesaid, and such Allotment ot Allotments shall be accepted by the said James Lee Warner, or the Curate of the last mentioned Parishes respectively for the Time being, in lieu of and as a full Recompence and Satisfaction for such Tythes, or for such Modus, Composition, Pension, Stipend,or Sumof Money, so payable 10 the said James Lee Warner, as Curate as aforesaid, and shall be deducted in due Proportions out of and from the Lands belonging or to be allotted to the Person or Persons whose Lands shall be so ascertained to be subject to the Payment of such Tythes, or such Modus, Composition, Pension, Stipend, or Sum of Money as aforesaid.

Commissioneri, in making a Valuation of Tithes to have regard to Kighti of Common in Great Walsingham appurtenant to Titheable Lands

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Owner or Owners of any Lands in Great Walsingham aforesaid, which shall be ascertained by the said Commissioners to be subject to the Payment of Tythes as aforesaid, shall be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments I6r or in respect of any Right of Sheep Walk, Common of Paftm e, or other Commonable Right or Interest appurtenant or appendant to such Lands, the said Commissioners, in making a Valuation of such Tithes, shall take into their Consideration the Allotment or Afiotments to which the Owner or Owners of such Lands shall be entitled as aforesaid, in respect of the Right of Sheep Walk, Common of Pasture, or other commonable Right or Interest appurtenant or appendant thereto, and the Tithes to be yearly arising, growing, or renewing out of or from the same Allotment or Allotments

59*

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

Allotments respectively, and shall make a Compensation for such Tithes

accordingly.

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in making Compensation

for the Great and Small i’ithes within the said Parish of Great Wolfing- T^he-free bam, the said Cominifljoners shall have due regard to all and every IW-L,mi9 inGre.t emption and Exemptions from the Payment of Tithes in Kind, and to any u 1 '"s1-"-Modus, Composition, Pension, Stipend, or Sum of Money, due or payable for or in lieu or in respect of any Tithes or Titheable Matcers arising, growing, or renewing wirhin the same Parish; and that in making such Compensation as aforesaid, all and every the Lands within the same Parish which shall be assigned and allotted to any Person or Persons for and in respect of any Right of Sheep Walk, Common of Palture, or other Commonable Right or Interest appendant, appurtenant, or in anywise belonging to any Lands within the same Parish which are freed, exempted, or tlifeharged from the Payment of Tithes either Great or Small, shall be in like Manner deemed to be Tithe free, and shall be so considered by the said Commissioners in making Compensation for the said Great and Small Tithes within the said Parish. of Great Walfngbam.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That for better enabling the said AnAccount

Commissioners to ascertain the Lands which are subject to the Payment to be

of Tythes, or any Modus, Composition, Pension, Stipend, or Sum of Tithe-free to Money as aforesaid, all and every Person and Persons who shall claim to

be entitled to any Lands exempted from the Payment of Tithes in Kind, fioner, shall, at the First or Second Meeting of the said Commissioners, deliver to them a Schedule, in Writing, of the Lands claimed to be wholly ex* emptedfrom the Payment of Tithes, and of the Lands claimed to be subject to the Payment of any Modus, Composition, Pension, Stipend, or Sum of Money as aforesaid, together with an Account of every such Modus, Composition, Pension, Stipend, or Sum of Money, and to whom and for what Tithes, or on what Account the fame is' claimed to be payable; and the said Commissioners shall, with all convenient Speed after the Receipt of every such Schedule and Account, cause a Copy thereof to be delivered to the Impropriator of the Rectories of Great Walsingham and Little Walsingham aforesaid, and the Curate of the said Donatives or Perpetual Curacies for the Time being respectively.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted.That until Compensation shall Tithes, &c. be made pursuant to this Act for such Tithes, Modus or Modules, Com- p^t‘o position or Compositions, Pension or Pensions, Stipend or Stipends, or laMeT lor Sum or Sums of Money as shall be due and payable to the said Daniel Henry Lee Warner, or the Impropriator of the Rectories of Great Walfmgham and Little Waif n^ham aforesaid respectively, for the Time being, and to the said Janes Lee Warner, or the Curate of the said Donatives, or Perpetual Curacies respectively for the Tiine being, such Tithes, Modus or Modules, Composition or Compositions, Pension or Pensions, Stipend or Stipends, or Sum or Sums of Money, shall be payable and paid in the same Manner as if this Act had not been passed. >. . < 1

XXXVII. Provided also, That nothing in the said recited Act or this Act contained, shall prejudice, Ieflen, defeat, or in any Manner affect the Right or Title of the said James Lee Warner, or the Curate of the said Donatives,

or

Curate’sRight to Rafter Offeiings. Sec. not to be assessed by this Act.

592

Alloiment to the V.lue of One Acre to the Owner of eacliConmon-able Hoi fe in Great Wal-fingham.

Allotment of the Residue in Great and Little Willingham.

Particular Allotment to Wni. Biooke.

Allotment for Publ c Sand and Gravel Pin in Houghton.

48° GEORGII III. 'Cap. 19.

or Perpetual Curacies respectively, for the Time being, ro any Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, or Surplice Fees, arising or becoming due to him or them respectively, but that such Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, or Surpiice Fees, shall be payable and paid at all Times hereafter in the same Manner as if this Act had not been puffed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Paid Commissioners shallaflign, set out, and allot unto the several Owners of MessuagesorCottagesin Great Walsingham aforesaid, having in respect thereof any Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds in the last mentioned Parish, tuch Pan of the Lands in Great Walsingham aforesaid as the said Commissioners shall deem and consider to be equal in Value per Annum to the annual Average Value of One Acre of the said Commons and Waste Grounds in the same Parish, for each and every such Messuage or Cottage respectively over and above the Allotment or Allotments to which the Owners of such Messuages or Cottages respectively shall be entitled by virtue of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall a(Tign, set out, and allot the Residue and Remainder of the Lands in Great Walsingham and Little Walsingham aforesaid, unto and among the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, and all and every Person or Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, having any Right or Interest in,to, over, or upon the fame, or any Part thereof, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of and a full Satisfaction and Compensation to him, her, or them respectively, for his, her, or their respective Parts and Shares of such Lands, and his, her, or their respective Rights and Interests therein; lave and except the Owners of Messuages, Cottages, Lands and Tenements in Little Walsingham aforesaid respectively, in respect of his, her, or their Rights and Interests in, over, or upon the said Commons and Waste Lands in the same Parish.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act to the said William Brooke shall comprehend such Part of the Land lying in the North Field of Great Walsingham aforesaid, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to the Lands of the said William Brooke now lying ir* the fame Field.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall assign, set out and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways in the Parish of Houghton aforesaid, any Part of the Lands lying in the same Parish not exceeding Three Acres, as and for public Watering Places, for Cattle, and as and for public Sand, Gravel, Stone, Clay, Marl, and Chalk Fits, and such Allotment or Allotments shall from and after the Execution of the said Award be for ever freed, exonerated and discharged from the Payment of all Tythes, and from all Parochial Taxes, Rates, Charges, Burthens, Assessments, or Impositions whatsoever; and it shall and may be lawful for the Surveyors of the Highways, and the Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Parish of Houghton aforesaid, and their Tenants for the Time being respectively, to use such Allotment or Allotments for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations 5 , as

593

48° GEORGII III. Cap. $9.

as the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors in Houghton aforesaid, the Vicar, and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and Surveyors of the Highways in Houghton aforesaid, for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall from Time to Time direct and appoint; and the Grass and Herbage of tie lad mentioned Allotment or Allotments shall be from Time to Time let by the Surveyors of the Highways in Houghton aforesaid, for the Time being, at and for the bed Renr that can be obtained for the fame; and such Rent shall be applied towards the Repairs of the Public and Private Roads in Houghton aforesaid.

XLII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord or Lords of Ma-Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Paid Manors of Great Wafingbatyi late the vicar,to’ Queen's and Little Walsingham late the Queen’s respectively, the Curate of act by Proxy, the Parishes of Great Walsingham and Little Walsingham aforesaid respectively, and the Vicar of the said Vicarage for the Time being, to ad in the Execution of the Truds, Powers, and Authorities hereby reposed and veded in them respectively by his, her, or their respective Agents or Proxies to be appointed by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or respective Hands; such Agents or Proxies respectively producing their Appointment or respective Appointments at the Time of their respectively acting by virtue thereof.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall adign, Allotment for set out, and allot unto the Lord or Lor is, Lady or Lad es of the said Manor of Houghton Roos otherwise Sydneys for the Time being, such Part or Parts of the Lands in Houghton aforesaid, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to one Twentieth Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds in Houghton aforesaid, and the said Allotment or Allotments shall be a full Compensation and Reeotnpence to such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, for his, her, or their Right in and to the Soil of such Commons and Waste Grounds.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall assign, Allotment cut set out, and allot unto the several Owners of Messuages or Cottages in Houghton aforesaid, having in respect thereof any Right of Common upon Wxite (he Commons and Waste Grounds in the lad mentioned Parish, such Part or Parts of the Lands in Houghton aforesaid, as the said Commissioners ,i,e Value «,f shall deem and consider to be equal in Value per Annum to the annual T*o *-crei to average Value of Two Acres of the said Commons and Waste Grounds in the same Parish, for each and every such Messuage or Cottage respectively, monabic over and above the Allotment or Allotments to which the Owners of such rioufi-Messuages or Cottages respectively shall be entitled by virtue of this Act.

XLV. And be it furth- r eraded. That the said Commissioners shall assign, Allotment c f set out, and allot the Residue and Remainder of the Lands in Houghton the Rcfi Hie in aforesaid, unto and among the several Owners and Proprietors thereof, and all and every Person or Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, having any Right or Imereft, in, to, over, or upon the fame, or any Part thereof, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Com-nnifloners shall adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of and a full Satisfaction and Compensation to him, her, or them refoec-[Loc. its Per.} 7 I. lively.

594

Dire^ions as to ' U>tmen:« of Meadow Land.

for fencing the Public and Charitable, and 'he Cu-ra.es and Vicars Allotments.

If any Person ftl’s his Common Right,the Allotment is to be made to the Purchaser-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 39

tively, for his, her, or their respective Parts and Shares of such Lands# and his, her, or their respective Rights and Interests therein.

XLVI.Provided always, Thatin making the said Allotments, the said Commissioners shall have Regard to the Quantity and Quality of the Meadow Land belonging to the said Proprietors respectively, and shall allot to them respectively, so much Meadow Land in the Parishes of Great Wal/ingham, Little Walfmgbam, and Houghton aforesaid respectively, as shall in the Judgment of the Lid Commissioners be equal in Value, or as nearly equal in Value as Circumstances will permit," to the Meadow Land which be» longed to such Proprietors respectively, at or immediately before the Time of making the said Allotments.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the Allotments which shall be made to the Surveyots of the Highways and Trustees for the Poor, and to the Curate of the Parishes of Great Walfmgbam and Little Walsingham aforesaid, in right of the said Curacies respectively, and to the Vicar of the said Vicarage of Houghton aforesaid, in right of the said Vicarage, shall be inclosed and fenced on the Guifide of such Allotments respectively, and such Fences shall be maintained and kept in repair by such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as the Lid Commissioners shall by their Award, or by any other Writing under their Hands, direct and appoint.

XLVIII. Provided always, That if any Person, (except the Curate of the Parishes of Great Wal/ingbampnd LittleWafnghamztorefiid fortheTimebeing, in respect of the said Curacies respective'y, or the Vicar of the Vicarage of Houghton aforesaid for the Time being, in respectofthesaid Vicarage,) hath fold or contracted or agreed to fell, or shall at any Time before the Execution of the said Award fell or contract, or agree to fell his or her Right,

I.iterest, and Property in, to, over, or upon the Lands hereby dtrested to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, to any other Person, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, upon receiving Notice of any such Contract, Sale, or Agreement, to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser, in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to his or her Heirs or Assigns for and in respect of such Right, Interest, and Property so fold or contracted, or agreed to be sold as aforesaid; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, or his or her Heirs or Assigns shall and may, from and after the Execution of the said A ward, hold and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner as the Vendor in such Sale, Contraft, or Agreement might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in caie such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or such Kighr, Interest, or Property had been vested in such Vendor at the Time of making such Allotment as aforesaid.

separitt Ai-

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Proprietor or lotments to be pr0prjetors of any Messuages, Eands, or Tenements, within the Pa-Estateshel*1 ri/hes of Great IValfmgkam, Little IValJingham, and Houghton aforesaid umierdiff',ent respectively, shall hold the fame by different Tenures, or for different THl*. Estates, or in different Rights, or under different Titles, the said Commissioners shall upon the Request of any such Proprietor or Proprietors, ascertain and distinguish the Messuages, Lands, and Tenemeits held

by

595

48° GEORG! I; III. Cap. 39.

by each of such Tenures, for each of such Estates, and under each of such Rights or Titles .-respectively, and shall accordingly in their Lid Award assign, let out and allot difirntt and several Allotments by di-ftind and federal Descriptions, for.such r.e'pective Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, and shall declare in Right of what Estate or Estates (u h Allotments respectively shall have been made; and in case the said Commissioners, from Want of ncceifaiy Information, or from any other Caule,

shall not discriminate and di.ftinguish such different Rights or Titles, different Estates, and different Tenures in.their Award, it shall be lawful for them at any Time afterwards, upon the Request in Writing of any Person or Persons interested, to do or cause to be done all proper and necessary Acts for the Purposes of enabling them to make such Discrimination and Distinction as aforesaid, in the same Manner as they might or could have done by their said Award, and when and so soon as the said Commissioners shall have obtained sufficient Information for the Purpose by any Deed or InstrumentinWritingunder their Hands and Seals, to ascertain and distinguish the Difference of such Tenures, Estates, Rights, and Titles respectively, and shall make distinct and several Allotments in the same Manner as they are hereby authorized to do by their said Award; and every such Deed or Instrument shall have the fame Force and Effe£l as if the fame was contained in the said Atvaid, and shall be delivered to the Person or Persons upon whose Request the same shall have been executed, or to the Person or Persons to whom the Custodyof the Deeds and Writings concerning the Title to the Premises in question shall, in the Opinion of the said Commissioners properly belong for the Time being; and all the Costs,

Charges and Expences, which shall be occasioned by the Proceedings of the said Commissioners, in making such Discrimination, Disti ction, ami Allotment or Allotments, and of preparing and executing any such Deed or Instrument, or in anywise relating thereto, Hull be ascertained and settled by the said Commissioners, and shall be paid by the Person or Persons who shall make such Request as aforesaid, or by his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators to such Person and at such Time and Place as the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands, appoint; and in case such Costs, Charges, and Expences shall not be so paid, it shall be lawful for the said Commiinoners, and they are hereby required to raise and levy the same by such Ways and Means as the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Aff and executing the said recited Act and this Act, can or may be raised and levied.

L. And whereas the Loid or Lords, I.ady or Ladles, of the Manors Power ^tn-herein-before mentioned or some or One of them, or of some other Ma- frandtife «"th nor or Manors within or extending into the Parishes of Great Walsingham, the WdTand Little Walsingham, and Houghton aforesaid, or some or one of thern^ may be Tenants for willing to inanumife and enfranchise the Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, La,’d‘-held of the said Manors respectively by Copy of Court Roll, and also to release and extinguish all Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents, Quit Rents, Customs, and Set vices, which are or shall be due and payable to them respectively out of and for or in relptS of such Copyhold Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, and all Rents and Keliefs which are or shall be due and payable to them respectively out of and for or in respect of any Freehold Hereditaments; anti the several Owners and Proprietors of such freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments may be desirous of procuring such Manu-M’1 ° million

596

Pov/tr to enfranchised for Money.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

mission and Enfranchisement, Release and Extinguishment; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, with the Consent in Writing of the Lord or Lords, I.ady or Ladies, of any such Manor or Manors respectively, and of the Owner or Owners of any such Messuages, Lands, and Tenements respectively, to assign, let our, and allot, unto such Lord or Lords, l ady or Ladies respectively, any Messuages. Lands, or Tenements, within the Parishes of Great Wal/ingham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton aforesaid respectively, as shall in the judgment of the said Commissioners be a full Equivalent, Satisfaction, and Compensation to such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies respectively, for all Fines, Heriots, Chief Rems, Quit Rents, Reliefs, Customs, and Services, which are or shall be due and payable to them respectively, out of and for and in respect of any such Freehold or Copyhold Hereditaments, which shall by any such Consent in Writing as aforesaid be agreed to be released and extinguished, and that the Premises so to be allotted as last aforesaid shall be deducted out of the Allotment or Allotments, to which such Owner or Owners of such Freehold or Copyhold Hereditaments respectively shall be entitled by virtue of this Act; and all such Copyhold Hereditaments shall from and after the Execution of the said Award be held and enjoyed by the Person or Persons entitled thereto, freed and discharged of and from all Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents, Quit Rents, Customs and Services whatsoever now due and payable as aforesaid, and shall pass by Deed or Will, and be deffendible as Freehold Ef-tates of Inheritance; and every such Enfranchisement of Copyhold or Customary Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, and every such Release and Extinguishment of any Rents or Reliefs issuing cut of any such Freehold Lands, and Hereditaments shall be mentioned and described in the said Award: Provided always, that the Lands, which shall be assigned, set out, and allotted to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of such Manor or Manors, as last aforesaid, shall stand limited and settled, and shall be veiled in and be held and enjoyed by him, her, or them respectively, in such Manner and to, for, and upon such Estates, Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, as the fame Manor or respective Manors shall be held and enjoyed by him, her, or them respectively, at the Time of making such Allotment or Allotments,

LI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the respective Manors hereinbefore mentioned, or any other Manor or Manors within or extending into the Parishes of Great Walsingham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton aforesaid respectively, at any Time before the Execution of the said Award, in consideration of a competent Sum of Money, to comraft and agree with any of the Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in Great Walsingham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton aforesaid respectivety, or any adjoining Parish or Parishes held of such Manors, or any of them, by Copy of Court Roil, for the absolute and perpetual Manumission and Enfranchisement of such Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, from such Copyhold Tenure, and for the Release and Extinguishment of all Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents, Quit Rents, Customs. and Services, which are or shall be due and payable in respect of such Copyhold Premises, and of all Rents and Reliefs which are or shall be due and payable in respect of any Freehold Hereditaments, to such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies respectively; and ail and every such Contracts or Agreements being reduced into Writing, and signed by the

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 39*

the Parties thereto respectively,shall be produced to the said Commissioners; and in case they shall approve of any such Contracts or Agreements it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, by any Writing under their Hands, to ratify and confirm the fame respectively; and every such Contract and Agreement so ratified and confirmed, shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law for the Purposes thereof, and the Money thereby agreed to be paid to any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors respectively shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and if such Money shall not be paid accordingly. the said Commissioners shall cause the same to be raised and levied by such Ways and Means as the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Act, and executing the said recited Act and this Act, can or may be raised and levied; and all and every such Contracts and Agreements so approved, ratified, and confirmed as aforesaid, or the Substance thereof, shall be inserted or set forth in the said Award, and the Messuages, Lands, and Tenements therein described and specified, shall, from and after the Execution of the said Award, be and for ever remain manumised and enfranchised, and shall be for ever exonerated, freed, released, and discharged, cf and from all Fines, Heriots, Chief Rents,

Quit Rents, Reliefs, Customs, and Services, which shall or may be due and payable in respect thereof, to such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies respectively as aforesaid, and the fame Premises shall be held and enjoyed as Freehold Estates of Inheritance.

Lit. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case any Contract or Dirfctin? th-Agreement for such Manumission, Enfranchisement, Release and Ex-AppUration of tinguishment shall be made by any Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any pnTd^or'facii such Manor or Manors, who shall not be seised of or entitled to such Enfranchise-Manor or Manors in Fee Simple in Possession, then and in such Case it mem‘ shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order and direct that the Money which shall by any stich Contract or Agreement be agreed to be paid to such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies respectively, shall be applied in oj. towards defraying the Part, Share, or Proporiion, and Parts, Shares, or Proportions of the Costs and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of executing the said recited Act and this Act, which shall be charged upon or payable by such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies respectively, in respect of the Allotments to be made to him, her, or them respectively by virtue of this Act; and in case any such Order or Direction shall be made by the said Commissioners, and any Surplus of such Money shall remain after the Performance thereof, then such Surplus, or in case no such Order or Direction shall be made, then all such Money shall be paid into the Bank of England according to the Directions contained in the said recited Act, with respect to Money which is thereby directed to be paid into the Bank of England for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as therein mentioned.

597

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners when and Aliotmen:»to so foonas they shall have ascertained the Rights and Iuterefis of the several be Parties entitled to, and interested in the Lands hereby directed to be ind'shewn'to’ divided and allotted, shall rause the several Allotments proposed to be *'’« Proprit.

7 M m*de for,‘

598

Tor allowing Exchanges 10 be made.

Dirtflio’n as to the Award.

4-8‘ GEORGII 111. Cap. 39.

made by them to be distinctly laid down and delineated upon a Map or Plan for the Inspection and Examination of the several Parties iaterefled in the said Allotments; and in case any Objection or Objections shall be made to the proposed Allotments, the Party or Parties making the same shall sign and deliver a Statement thereof in Writing to the said Commissioners, who shall immediately, or within a convenient Time afterwards, take the fame into their Consideration, and determine the Matter thereof, and the Determination of the said Commissioners therein shall be final, binding, and conclusive.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shalljbe lawful for the said Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the Parishes of Great JVal/ingham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton aforesaid, or either of them, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the same Parishes respectively, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, Township, or Place, provided that all such Exchanges shall be ascertained, specified, and declared in the said Award, and be made with the Consent of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Premises which shall be so exchanged, whether such Proprietor or Proprietors shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail general or special, or by the Courtefey of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, or Feoffees for charitable, parochial, or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietor or Proprietors, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Idiots, Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, (such Consent to be testified in Writing under the common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively,) and all and every such Exchange and, .Exchanges so made shall be good, valid, and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Confenc testified as aforesaid, of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in which such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be situate, and of the Patron of such Ecclesiastical Benefice.

LV. And be it further enacted, That a true Copy of the said Award wrote upon Parchment, and signed and attested by the said Commissioners to be a true Copy thereof, together with a proper Map or Plan of each of the Parishes of Great Walsingham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton aforesaid, thereto annexed, shall, within Twelve Calendar Months after the Execution of the said Award, be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, who is hereby required to deposit and keep the fame among the Records of the said County, so that Recourse may be had thereto by any Person or Persons interested in the Premises, for the Reception whereof the Fee of Five Guineas shall be paid and no more, and for the Inspection and Perusal whereof the Sum of OneShilling and no more shall be paid j and the said Award shall from and after the Delivery of such

599

4&* GEORGII III. Cap. ft.

Copy thereof, so signed and attested as aforesaid. to the said Clerk of the Peace, be deemed and taken to be inrolled, according to the Directions and within the Meaning of the said recited Act; and a Copy of such Part of the said Award as (bail relate to the Parish of Great Walsingham aforesaid fairly transcribed in a Book with a proper Map or Plan of the last mentioned Parish shall within the Time aforesaid be deposited in the Parish Church of Great Walsingham aforesaid, and there kept in a Tin Box to be provided for that Purpose; and a Copy of such Part of the said Award as shall relate to the Parish of Little Walfingbannfornhid, fairly transcribed in a Book with a proper Map or Pian of the last mentioned Parish, shall within the Time aforesaid be deposited in the Parish Church of Little Walsingham aforesaid, and there kept in a Tin Box to be provided for that Purpose; and a Copy of such Part of the said Award as shall relate to the Parish of Houghton aforesaid, fairly transcribed in a Book with a proper Map or Plan of the last mentioned Parish, shall within the Time aforesaid be deposited in the Parish Church of Houghton aforesaid, and there kept in a Tin Box to be provided for that Purpose; and the original Award with a proper Map or Plan of each of the Parishes of Great Wajingham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton aforesaid, thereto annexed, shall be delivered to the said Daniel Henry Lee Warner, his Heirs or Assigns; and the said Award and Copies thereof and any other Copy of the said Award, or of the Copy thereof delivered to the said Clerk of the Peace as aforesaid, 'or any Part or Parts thereof, attested by the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, (for every Sheet of whichCopy containing Seventy-two Words, Four-pence and no more shall be paid,) shall from Time to Time and at all Times thereafter be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained in all Courts whatsoever, and the several Allotments, Partitions, Orders, Directions, Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in the said Award, Diall be binding and condusive upon all and every the Parties interested in the Premises; and all Rights of Sheep walk and Shackage, and all Commonable Rights and Interests whatsoever. in, over, or upon the Lands in Great Walsingham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton aforesaid respectively, shall from and after the Execution of the said Award, cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished; and the said Lands in Great Walsingham and Little Walsingham aforesaid respectively shall for ever thereafter be freed, discharged, and exonerated of and from the Payment of all Tythes, and all Modules, Compositions, Pensions, Stipends, and Sums of Money, for or in lieu or in respect of Tythqg to any Person or PeiLns whomsoever.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Lands which shall be allotted by virtue of the said recit'd Act or this Act, to any Person or Persons for or in lieu or in respect of any Buildings or Lands holden of any Manor or Manors by Copy of Court Roll, or for or in respect of any Leafenold Buildings or Lands, or for or in respect of any Right of Sheep Walk, Shackage or other Right or InteTeft appurtenant or appendant to any such Copyhold or Leasehold Premises, shall, from and after the Execution of the said Award*, be deemed and taken to be Copyhold or Leasehold, and shall be held as such by and under the fame Tenure, and fufcject to such Rents, Payments, Fines, and Services, as the Copyhold or Leasehold Buildings or Lands respectively, in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, aTe now held; and that all and every Person and Persons to whom such Ci pyhold PremneS shall be allotted as aforesaid,

shall

A llotmenfs shall be of the fame Tenure nsiheLandt for which they are allotted.

6o6 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

shall within Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants to the fame, without paying any Fine or other Charge ffave and except for the Stamp Duties and Parchment requisite to be used for the Copies of such Admissions respectively, and such reasonable Fees to the Steward or Stewards of the said Manor or Manors as the said Commissioners shall, by their said Award, order and direct, to be paid on such Admissions respectively); but in case the Person or Persons to whom such Copyhold Premises shall be allotted, shall not have been admitted to the Copyhold Hereditaments, in lieu or in respect whereof such Allotment or Allotments shall be made, or shall die without having been admitted to the Lands allotted in lieu or in respect of such Copyhold Hereditaments, then the customary Fines and other Payments shall be due and payable on the Admission of the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands so allotted as last aforesaid; and after every such First Admission the Copyhold Premises so to be allotted as last aforesaid shall at all Times be held under and subject to the fame Tenures, Fines, Paymentc, and Services, as the Copyhold Buildings or Lands in respect whereof such Premises were allotted, are now held under and subject to, and the said Commissioners shall, by their said Award determine, describe, and abut the Buildings and Lands respectively, which are to be and remain Copyhold or Leal’ehold, and all other Buildings and Lands in the Parishes of Great Walsingham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton aforesaid (except what shall be so ascertained by the said Commissioners to be Copyhold or Leasehold), shall be deemed, taken, and enjoyed as Freehold, subject nevertheless to such Free Rents and Services as are now due or payable out of the Premises, for or in lieu or in relpeci: whereof the same shall be allotted as aforesaid.

wills ami Set-

LVII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, to te afftdteii or construed to extend, to revoke, make void, alter, or annul, any Will, Settlement, or Surrender, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Poriion, Debt or Incumbrance, out of, upon, or affecting any Buildings or Lands in the Parishes of Great Walsingham, Little Waljbigham, and Houghton aforesaid respectively, or any adjoining Parish or Parishes which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, but that each and every Proprietor shall Hand and be seised of the Premises to be allotted to him or her as aforesaid, to such and the same Uses, for such and the fame Estates, and subject to inch and the fame Wills, Deeds, Settlements, Surrenders, Debts, Charges, Rents and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Buildings and Lands whereof such Proprietor or Proprietors was or were seised or possessed, at or immediately before the Execution of the said Award, or for which, or in respect whereof, such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to, charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been passed.

Fortner Pro- I-VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Lands here-piietors nruy by directed to be divided-:and allotted, upon which any Un-

Allotment" derwood, Bullies, Whins, Furze or Shrubs, Gates, Gate Pcfts, Stijes,

ami takeaway Polls, Pales or Rails, shall be growing'or handing, shall by "virtue

Trees, &c. of this Act be allotted to any Person or Persons other than such Person or Persons as was. or were the Owner or Owners thereof at or Immediately before the making such Allotment's rcTpeclTvely,' then and-in' every such'

- Cafe

4.S°G£0RGII riL Cap. 39.

Cafe it shall and may be lawful for the Owner or Owners of such Underwood, Bushes, Whins, Furze or Shrubs, Gates, Gate Pods, Stiles, Ports, Pales or Rails, at all seasonable Times within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after the Execution of the said Award, or within any shorter Space of Time, to be appointed by the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands, to enter into and upon such Lands and Grounds whereon such Underwood, Bushes, Whins, Furze or Shrubs, Gates, Gate Ports, Stiles, Ports, Pales or Rails, shall be so handing or growing, and to fell, cut down, stub up, and with Workmen. Servants, Cattle, and Carriages, or otherwise, to take and carry away the fame, to and for his, her, and their own Use and Benefit, under such Regulations and Redactions as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint.

LIX. Provided always, That no Sheep or Lambs shall be kept in any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act (whereon any new Fence shall be raised) during the Space of Seven Years next after the Execution of the said Award, unless the Person keeping the same shall first, at his or her own Expence, make and maintain a sufficient Fence to guard and protect the young Fences belonging to such Allotments respectively from being hurt or damaged by such Sheep or Lambs (whether such Fences be made or set by the Owner or Occupier of such Allotment or Allotments,-or by the Owner or Occupier of the Allotment or Allotments adjoining the reto) and in case any Person shall turn or keep any Sheep or Lambs in any such Allotment or Allotments, without raising and keeping up such Fences as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Owner or Occupier of any adjoining Allotment or Allotments, to enter thereon, and to take, drive away, and impound the fame Sheep or Lambs; and in case any Sheep, Cattle, or Swine, shall trespafe. upon any inclql'ed Land, or shall rtray or go at large, or be found in any Street, Lane, Road or Highway, within the Parishes of Great IValJingham, Little IVaiJhigham, and Houghton aforesaid respectively, it shall be lawful' for the ConRable, Pindar, or any other Person, to take, drive away, and impound such Sheep, Cattle, or Swine, and to demand and receive of the Owner or Owners thereof, the Sum of One Shilling for every Hurfe, Mare, A Is, or other Neat Stock or Cattle, and Sixpence for every Sheep, Lamb, Swine, or other Cattle, and to detain inch Sheep, Cattle and Swine, in Pound, until such Money shall be paid and farisfied. ,

LX. And be it further enacted, That; ll Leases or other Agreements at Rack Rent or Extended Rem, which are now fubfilling, or respect ail or any Part of the Messuages, Buildings, and Lands, within the Parishes of Great IVal/Ingham, Little Watfmgham, and Houghton aforesaid, respectively, either alone or together, with any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in any adjoining Parish or Parishes, shall cease, determine, and be void, immediately alter the Lxccut'on of the said Award, the respective Tenauts or Ldlees of the fame Pr.cmifes receiving from the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof such Sum of Money as the said Commit, sioners final, by any Writing under their Hands, ascertain as reasonable to be paid to such Tenant or Tenants as an Equivalent for the feme; and if the Money so to be alcertaiued as Itfordaid shall not be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the feme, at the Time and Place which tho ia:d Cotmnillioiurs shall by such Writing appoint for the Payment thereof, iLcc. is* Per.} 7 N ' j|

6oi-

No Sheep so lie kept in the new lndo-sures for Seven Years,

P-vrer to impound Catjlfl itiajing.

t-eases and Agreements*? Rack Rents to liC voio on making Tenant s :< Satili iaaiou.

£xf ef't certain Leases gran ted by Thomas William Coke, Esq. ami an Agreement made by rh* Trustees for the Poor of Utile W.u. ftnghani.

6<sa* 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 79.

it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required1, notwithstanding the Execution of the said Award, to raise and levy such Money, by such Ways and Means as the Colls, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Act, and executing the said recited Act and this Act, or any Part thereof can or may be raised, and levied, and to pay the fame Money accordingly: Provided always, Thatif there shall be any Lease or Leafesof Lands, Part of which shall lie within the Parishesof Great Walsingham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton aforesaid, or either of them, and Part in any adjoining Parish or Parishes, all and every such Lease or Leases at Hack Rent or extended Rent now subsisting, may and shall be vacated, but where any Lands shall have been taken in Exchange, which Lands shall be under Lease, and wholy situate in any adjoining Pardh or Parishes, the Ltafe or Leases of such last-mentioned Lands shall not be vacated.

LXI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to make void or annul a certain Indenture of Lease, bearing Date on the Eleventh Day of October in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, and made between the said Thomas William Coke, of the one Part, and Robert Beeston, since deceased, of the other Part j or a certain Indenture of Lease bearing Date on the Twelfth Day of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, and made between the said Thomas William Coke of the one Part, and John Reeve, of the other Part; or a certain Agreement, bearing Date on the Tenth Day of June in the Year One thousand eight hundred and five, and made between the Feoffees or Trustees for the Poor of the Parish of Little Walsingham aforesaid of the one Part, and Benjamin Kittmer of the other Part, tfave and except Only as so such Lands which shall by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act be alligned, let cut, and allotted, to any other Person or Persons, other than and except the said Thomas William Coke and the said Feoffees or Trustees respectively); and that it shall be lawful for the said Lessees or Tenants, in the said Leases and Agreements respectively, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, upon or immediately after the Execution of the said Award, to enter upon and take Post'ession of such Lands respectively as shall by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act be ailigued, let out, and allotted to the said Thomas William Coke and the said Feofiees or Trustees respectively, in lieu and in respect of any Lands comprized in the said Leases or Agreement respectively, which shall be assigned, set out, and allotted to any other Person or Persons, and to hold and enjoy such Lands respectively, during the then Remainder of the Term of Years mentioned in the said Leases and Agreement respectively, in the same Manner as if the fume Lands had been demised or let by or comprized therein respectively.

D rretioru for

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences

Utrnaym.s the incident to and attending the passing of this Act, and the Survey, Valua-° thn, Division, and Allotments of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and the Costs, Charges, and Expences of inclosing the Allotment or Allotments* which shall by virtue of this Act be made to the Curate of the Parishes of Great Walsingham and Little Walsingham aforesaid respectively, in Right of the said Curacies respectively, and of inclosing the Allotment or Allotments which shall by virtue of this Act be made to the Vicar of the Vicarage of Houghton aforesaid, in Right of the said Vicamge, and of inclosing the Allotments hereby directed to be made to the Surveyors of the Highways within, the Parishe- of Great Wd.

<! . jj «- K *- fintham,

66 j

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 391

fingham, Little-Walsingham, and Hm/glton aforesaid respectively, for the public Purposes herein-before mentioned, and of inclosing the Allotments hereby directed to be made, in Trust, as herein-before mentioned; and of forming and making the Public Roads and Ways which shall be set out and appointed by the said Commissioners, to be first formed and made in pursuance of the said recited Act, and of preparing the said Award, and the Copies thereof; and all the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, their Atiistants and Servants, and other Persons employed by the said Commissioners in and about the Premises, and all other Expences of carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, shall be borne, defrayed, and paid by the Person and Persons and Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, (save and except the Surveyors of the Highways in Great Walsingham, Little IValfing-ham, and Houghton aforesaid, for the Time being, in respect of the Allotments hereby directed to be made to them as aforesaid, and also save and except the Trustees of the Allotments hereby directed to be made in Trust for the Poor Inhabitants of the Parishes of Great Walsingham and Little Walfmgham aforesaid, in respect of such Allotments respectively; and also save and except the Curate of the Parishes of Great IValJingham and Little Walsingham aforesaid respectively, for the Time being, in respect of the Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to such Curate in Right of the said Donatives or Perpetual Curacies respectively; and also save and except the Vicar of the Vicarage of Houghton aforesaid, for the Time being; in respect of any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to him in Right of the said Vicarage; and also save and except the respective Owners of Messuages or Lands in Little Walsingham aforesaid, in respect of the Allotment or Allotments to be made to him, her,or them respectively, within the last-mentioned Parish, which shall not contain by Measure Two Acres of Land; and also save and except such Person or Persons whose Real Property within the Parishes of Great Walsingham, Little Walsingham, and Houghton aforesaid, or elsewhere, at the Time of making the said Division and Allotments shall not, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, exceed the yearly Value of Seven Pounds, or whose Personal Property shall not in the Judgment of the said Commissioners exceed the Sum of One hundred and Forty Pounds,) in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award, or by any other Writing under their Hands, order, direct, and appoint; and if any Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion of the said Cods, Charges, and Expences to the Person or Persons authorized to receive the same, at the Time and Place which shall be appointed by the said Commissioners for the Payment thereof, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall cause the same to be raised, levied, and recovered in Manner directed by the said recited Act.

LXIII. Provided always, That all the Cods, Charges and Expences, attending any Exchange or Partition, or any Enfranchisement of Copyhold Land, cr any Release or Extingnishment of Fines, Heriots, Quit Rents, Free Rents, Reliefs and Services,* as herein-before mentioned, or any Agreement, Matter or Thing, relating thereto, shall be borne and defrayed by the several Parties making or interested in any such Exchange, Partition, Enfranchisement, or Rdeale, or any Agreement relating thereto,

in

Hop/ Expellees of Exchanges, etc. are to be paul. ‘

6'04

4&9 GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

in such Manner and in such Proportions, and at Inch Time and Place, as the Paid Commissioners Phall by their laid Award, or any other Writing, under their Hands, order and direct; and in case such Colls, Charges* and Expences, shall not be paid according to such Order and Direction, it shall be lawful for the said Conunillioners, and they are hereby required to cause the same to be raised and levied by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the Colls, Charges and Expences, of obtaining and passing this Act, and executing tire laid recited Act, and this Act, can and inaybe raised and levied.

thirgin^cf3

LXIV. And be it further ertaded, That when and so often as it shall be

pyiioid Luuis necessary to charge any Lands or Tenements, which shall be allotted or ithEx- exchanged by virtue of the said recited Act, or this Act, and which shall be or become Copyhold, with any Sum or Sums of Money, by Way of Mortgage, for defraying any Share or Shares of the Colls, Charges, and Expences, of obtaining and passing this Act, and executing the said recited Act and this Act, then, and in such Case, such Copyhold Premises shall be surrendered to the Use of the Person or Persons who Stall advance and lend such Sum or Sums of Money, and his, her or their Heirs or Assigns, according to the Custom of tile Manor or Manors whereof the same shall be holden, by Way of Mortgage for Securing such Sum or Sums of Money, and Interest for the lame, instead of being mortgaged and surrendered to such Person or Persons, and his, her, or their Exe. cutors, Administrators or Assigns, for a Term of Years, as mentioned in the.Iaid recited Act.

t:un Ptrio" " LX Y. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com-to fell their miffifoners, on Application being made to them in Writing by any of the

Allotments- fluibands, Guardians, Trullees, Committees, or Attornies, of or for any of

(the said Proprietors or Persons interested in the Premises, being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunatics, or beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability or Incapacity, or by the Persons acting as such Guardians, Trullees, Committees, or Attornies respectively, or by any of the said Proprietors of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, who are or shall be Tenant or Tenants in Tail, or for any life or Lives, or on any other Contingency, (save nud except the said Curate and Vicar for the Time being), or by any Trullees or Feoffees for any charitable, parochial, or other Uses, or a competent Number of such Trullees or Feoffees, or the major Part of them respectively, or by the Churchwardens and Over fee vs of the Poor of ihc respective Pari lives of Great Walfingbarn, Little Walsingham, and lleugbtan afovcfaiJ, for the Tima being, in respect of any Land held by them respectively, upon Trull, for any charitable, parochial, or other Uses, to fell any Part of the Allotment or Allotments, to be made by virtue of this Act, to such incapacitated Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons by whom or on whole Behalf any such Application shall be made as aforesaid, for the lVirpose cf raisipg a Sum of Money sufficient to defray the respective Shares 3rd Proportions of the Colls, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and pairing this <Vd, and executing the said iccited Act and this Act, which ihaibbc charged upon unpayable by such incapacitated Proprietors or other Pcrgisft hr Persons respectively, t,nd of fqncing, inclosing,<nnd subdividtjig 'his, her, f>f their Alloirpeot. or Allouncaus, ami rd making afed-corngleting !V.pfvSa?e . - and such Sale shall be made by the said (fommifiiuttefs, la‘fork and the ' like

, 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 39. 605

like Manner, and subject to such and the like Rules and Regulations, as are mentioned and prescribed in and by the said recited Act, in respect to the Sale of any Lands authorized to be sold for paying the Expences of obtaining and carrying into Execution any Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing any Lands and Grounds; and each and every Allotment for which the full Purchase Money shall be paid shall be conveyed by the said Commissioners at the Expence of such Purchaser or Purchasers unto and to the Use of or in Trust for such Purchaser or Purchasers, and his, her or their Heirs respectively, or as he, she, or they shall appoint, and shall be inclosed and held by such Purchaser or Purchasers respectively in Severalty; and the Receipt of the said Commissioners shall be a good and sufficient Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers for the said Purchase Money, which shall be applied by the said Commissioners in or towards defraying such last mentioned Colts,

Charges, and Expences; and if any Surplus shall remain in the Hands of the said Commissioners, the same shall be applied and disposed of by them, in Manner directed by the said recited Act with respect to Money which is thereby directed to be paid into the Bank of England, for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the fame Ui'es, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lards, Tenements, and Hereditaments as therein mentioned: Provided always, that it shall net be lawful to raile by such Sale any further or greater Sum of Money than the Person or Persons Part of whose Allotment or /Allotments shall be sold as aforesaid, would have been empowered or authorized to borrow or charge upon his, her, or their Estate or Estates, under or by virtue of the said recited Act.

LXVI. Provided always, That nothing in the said recited Act or this Act n:g!-.r to contained shall prejudice, lelfen, defeat, or in anywise afieft the Right,

Title, or Interest of the said Daniel Henry Lee Warner, or the Owner of ;0 the said Impropriate Rectory of Houghton aforesaid, for the Time being, and the said James Lee Warner, or the Vicar of the Vicarage of Houghton aforesaid, for the Time being, in or to any Tithes, Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and Surplus Fees, arising or renewing out of or payable in respect of any Lands or Tenements within the Parish of Houghton aforesaid, but that such Tithes, Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and Surplice Fees, shall be payable and paid at all Times hereafter, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been passed, (save and except as to the Tithes of the Land which shall be allotted in pursuance of this Act to the Surveyors of the Highways in Houghton aforesaid for the Public Purposes herein-before mentioned.)

, LXVII.'And be it further enacted, That onde at leaf! in every Year dur- cc.m.niffion-log the Execution of this Act, (such Year to be computed from the Day «r* t«h> thefr of the passing thereof), the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby q"‘ j'*:_ required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Monies by tue i.net* »n them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and 'vel> Vc‘r-Expences in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, to be by him or them examined and balanced; and such Balance Hull be by such Justice or Justices [LocWPer.J 7 O listed

6o6

Proprietors anil their Agents to pay t he' i own Espences.

Money a>l-vane;<l to ba repiid with lmeieft.

Appeal to the Se Dions.

tJeneral

Sjiinj.

4_fi® GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

statecl in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice or Justices.

LXVIII. Provided always, That the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences, when they or any of them shall

ttend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be held in purfu-

ance of the said recited Act or this Act. a

LXIX. Provided also, That if any Person or Personshath advanced or shall advance any Money in Discharge of the Fees or other Expences of obtain, ang this Act, or of executing the said recited Accor this An, the Money so advanced shall be repaid and satisfied determined by the Direction of the said Commissioners, together with lawful Interest for the same.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, or Bodyor Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, shall think himself, herlelf, or them-selves, aggrieved by any Thing done or omitted to be donein pursuance of the the said recitedAft or this Act, (other than and except as to such Claims, Matters, and Things, which shall be afeeriained, settled, tried, or determined by the Verdict ofa J ury, under the Power and Authority herein-before contained, or where by any of the Provisions or Clauses o( the said recited Act or this Act, the Determinations, Orders, Acts, or Proceedings of the said Commissioners or Umpire are declared or directed to be final and conclusive), then and in every such Case he, she, or they, may appeal to the Justices at the General Quarter Session of the Peace, which shall be held for the said County of Norfolk, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners, or either of them, and to the Party or Parties concerned, Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal and of the Matter thereof, and the Justices (not interestedin the Premises) in their said General Quarter Session, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and award such Costs and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be lo aw arded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale, and the Determination of the said Justices shall be (inal and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without sufficient Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to the said Justices in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

LXXT. Saving ahvay sto the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and his, her, and their Heirs, Sue-, cellars, Executors and Adtniniitrators, (except the several Persons, and 7. Body

48° GEORGII Iir. Cap. 39. 607

Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue and in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, for and in respect of such Rights or Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them) all such Right, Estate, Title and Interest, as they, every, or any of them, could or ought to have had and enjoyed, of, in, to, or in respect of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted, in case this Act had not been passed.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Public Act, Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*t UMHMHMt*5M!*

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for draining, preserving, and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs in the several Parities of Saint John of Beverley, and of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining, *s G. 3.

preserving, and improving certain Low Grounds and Carrs in the several Parishes of Saint John in Beverley, and of Skidby, in the East Riding of the County of York; and certain Persons in the said Act named and their Succrfiors, to be elected in Manner therein mentioned, were thereby appointed Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution: And whereas the said Commissioners, or some of them, have in pursuance of the said Act proceeded in the Execution of the Powers thereby vested in them ;-and considerable Benefit hath already accrued to the Proprietors of the said Low Grounds and Carrs, and to the Public, from the several Works of Drainage which have been made and completed: but in as much as some of the Powers and Authorities in the said Act contained for the future Management of the Drainage of the said Low Grounds and Carrs have been found defective and inadequate to the Purpose*

Cap. 40.

[Lor. Id Per.J

7P

thereby

6oi

Clause in the 25 G 2 for appointing Commissioners repealed.

C'lause in the *5 G ' for the Election of new i om-missioners on Death or refusal toact repealed.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

thereby intended, and several Alterations and Amendments are necc-flary ro be made therein, in order to t e more easy and effectual Drainage, and Improvement of the said Low Grounds and Carrs: May it therefore please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Exfrjlcm Majesty, by sod with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Sptxj^ual and Temp :rj,.and Commons, in thistpresent. Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, ITiaf the said recited Act; and all and every the Powers, Provisoes, Exemptions, i’ri-vileges. Forfeitures, Penalties, Clauses, Matters, and Things, therein contained, (save and except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealedfhail be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had been repeated or re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as appoints John Wood of North Cave, in the County of Turk, Gentleman, Joseph D'ukinjon of Beverly Parks, in the Parish of Saint John in Beverly, in the same_Coujnty, Gentleman, and Jonathan Teal of Leeds, in the same County. Gentleman, Commissiqpejs for putting the lame in Execution, shall be aed-the fame is herabyi rf-pifaltd and declared tube null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as direct' that as often as aay Commissioner appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of such Act, shall die or refuse to act, it should at.d might be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner, at any of their Public Meetings, assembled with n Twelve Calendar Months after such Death or RcfuLl rftfyftively, tr so foun iftrr as conveniently might be, to cleft One other Person to be a Commissioner in the Styid of cadi such Cor^ityiiffiopcr so dying or r tilling to act, and every Corntniffiotier so ylefteti fficuld have the he Power and Authority to act in the Execution of such Act, rs the Ooinumbontr in whole Stead he ffioeld be 'fleeted was invested with, but Ten Days previous Notice should b.a given, on a Sunday immediately after Divine Service, in the Partfb Clm: ch.of Saint John in Btvcr'y afouf.iic,.and a!!b in the Chutch of Skidhy. aforesaid, of the Intention of chuniig (bach Commissioner or Commissioners; and in calc the said Commissioner or Commissijtitrs should neghftor refuse, for tfceSpace cf Three Caii-ndar Months to cleft One other Person or Persons to be a Con miffiouci 01 ComniiHiCMieis in the bead of each such Commissioner or Copun ffioftprs so dying or icfuhng to act, then and in that Cafe it (Iitjuld be lawfuJ for the Pioprictors of Ten Actes or upwards, in the said Low Grounds and Carrs, or- the major Part of them assembled at any Meeting, lor due Ptirpole, (of tfce Intention of which Meeting Ten Days previous Notice should be given, on a Sundry immediately after Divine Service, m cm Pari fit Q such of Saint John in Beverly aforesaid, and aho in the Church of Skidhy aforesaid,) to ekftoneother Personoi PersonsintheSteadof the Cmmissioner or Conrmiffiners lo dying or refusing to act; and in the C tO're of such new Commissioner or Commissioners a Preference should at ali Times be given to such Person or Persons as should at the Time of such Vacancy be che Owner or Owners of Ten Acres at the lea ft of the said Low Grounds and Carrs, and should be willing to act as a Commissioner under such Act;

5 shall

48° GEORGII III. Gap. 40. 611

shall be and the fame is hereby repealed and declared to be null and void, co all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Trustees t* the several Proprietors of Ten Acres or upwards of the said Low Grounds be elc'-ricd' and Carrs, (other than and except the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of Beverley aforesaid,) by the said recited Act directed to be drained, preserved, and improved, and which shall have been taxed or assessed by virtue of the said recited Ail, or the major Part of them, who shall be prelenr at a Meeting to be holden at Beverley aforesaid on the First: Monday in the Month of June next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon to proceed to the Election of Two discreet Persons from amongst the Proprietors or Occupiers of some Part or the said Low Grounds and Carrs, and also that ic shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor, Aldermen and Burgesses, by some Inrtrumenc in Writing, under their Common Seal, to nominate and appoint One other discreet Pafon from amongst the Proprietors of or Persons intcrefteu in or Occupiers of some Part of che said Low Grounds and Carrs, which said Three Persons to be ejected and appointed as aforesaid, shall be T urtecs lor carrying into Execution this Act and the said recited Act or so much of the said repited Act as is not hereby varied, altered, or repealed, until the First Monday in the Month cf April in the Year then next following, in the Piace and Stead of the Commissioners now acting under or by virtue of the said recited Act j and the several Proprietors of the Lid Low G ounds and Carrs for the Time being, so qualified as afer-.said, other" than except the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, dial, afterwards. Once in each and every Year, to wit, on the First Monday in che Month of April, meet at Beverley aforesaid, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, and it shall and may be lawtul to and for such Proprietors so qualified as aforesaid, or the major Part of them who shall beprcfenc at such Meeting, to proceed in like Manner, either to rc-tleft One or both of the former Trustees by them elected as aforesaid, or to cleft One or Two other discreet Persons from amongst the Proprietors or Occupiers of some Parc of the said Low Grounds and Carrs, ro be Ti tillees for the Year then nextenluing; and inac the said Mayor,

Aldeimm, and Bmgrffes, and their Successors, shall also afterward , Once inevery Year, by l'ome Instrument in Writing under their Common Seal, e.iher ie-appoint the Trustee by them before appointed, or appoint some (<ther discreet Person from amongst the Propriecois of or Persons inter-tfted in or Occupiers of some Parc of the said Low Grounds and Carrs, to be a Trustee for the Year then next ensuing; and that such Persons so to be rh sted Trustees as aforesaid shall, and they are hereby declared to be TruUecs fur carrying the several Purposes of (he said recited Act and the Act into Execution, until another or others shall be chosen in hi* or their Stead, in Manner by this Act directed, and all such Trusttes shall be inverted with ;udv and che like Powers and Authorities, and shall be fu jest to such and the like Provisions, Regulations, Restrictions, and Din ebons and shall have and enjoy such and the like Privileges as the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act were inverted with, or were subject to or had or enjoyed, lave only and except so tar as the lame are hereby varied, altered or repealed; and all Act;,

Matrers, and Things, authorized and necessary to be done and executed by the said Trullees in pursuance of the Directions of the said recited Act

and

;»ninv 'ia?r *v\. , V'A ‘'.v.-.

612 ft 48° GEORGII III. Ca/.4o.

and this Act, qr either of them, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the same shall lie as good, valid and effectual, as if the fame h id been done and executed by all the said Trullees,

of new ruf- V. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time (he Trustee who

Ccath orfin°f have been appointed by the said Vhyor, Aldermen, and Burgessrs

capacity. a* aforesaid, shall before the Execution of all thr Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him, die or become incapible to act, then in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Burge(Tcs, within Thirty Days next after such Death or Incapacity shall be made known to them, or as Coon after as conveniently may be, to appoint some other discreet Person from amongst the Proprietors of or Persons inrerclted in, or Occupiers of some Part of the said Low Grounds and Carrs to be , a Trustee during the Remainder of the then Current Year, in the Room or Stead of the Trustee so dying or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid and if at any Time either or both of the Trustees who shall have been elected by the Proprietors as aforesaid, shall before the Execution of all the Poweis and Authorities hereby vrfted in him or them die or becoo e incapable to act in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, then and in every such Case ic shall be lawful fqr the Proprietors of the said Low Grounds and Carrs for the Time being, qualified as aforesaid, to meet at some convenient Place in Beverley aforesaid within Thirty Days next after such Death or Incapacity shall be made known to them, or as soon after as conveniently may be, (of which Meeting Ten Days Notice at the lead, and of the Purpose thereof, and of the Time and Place ot holding the same shall be given, with the Name or Names of any One or more of the said Proprietors lo qualified as aforesaid subscribed thereto, by Writing to be affixed on the Outside of one of the Outer Doors of the Parish Churches of Saint John of Beverley and Skidby aforesaid, and alto by Public Advertisement to be inserted in One or mote Newspaprr or Newspapers printed and published in the Town of Kingslon-upon-Hull, or the City of York); and it shall and may be lawful to and for the major Part of such Proprietor, qualified as aforesaid, who shall be present at such Meeting, to nominate and appoint One or more discreet Person or Persons from amongst the Proprietors or Occupiers ot some Part of the said Low Grounds and Carrs to be a Trustee or Trustees during the Remainder of the then current Year, in the Room and Stead of the Trustee or Trustees so dying or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and the Trustee or Trulltes lo nominated and appointed shall have, use, and exercise such and the like Powers and Authorities, and be subject to the like Provisions, Regulations, and R.ftrtclions, as the Trustee or Trustees in the Room ot whom he or they shall have been so nominated and appointed were inverted with or subject to m,

w \ 1 "a

Trustee* to

VI. Provided always, and be it further enactrd, That no Person shall be forming capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of the’.said recited Act and O.th. this Act (except, in admimfteri.ng the following. Oath or Affirmation)

until he shall. (uve; taken and fubfqribed ai) Oath or Affirmation to the £ffeft followjngji is to fayj» v - .3

I . do swear (or, being One of the People.cjlltd Quakers,

do fblemnly affirm) That I wftf&lithfully, impaiAallyj &rttfire«cftly,

according to the bed of my Skill and Judgement, execute the several

Poweis

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

613

Powers and Authorities veiled and reposed in me, and hear and determine ‘ all such Matters and Things as shall be brought before me as a Trustee ‘ for draining, preferring, and improving certain Low Grounds and

Carrs in the several Parishes of Saint John of Btverlty and of Skin by, in the East Riding of the County of York, without Favor or Affection, Prejudice or Malice to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

Which Oath or Affirmation it shall be lawful for any One of the said Trustees to administer, and he is hereby required to admin'fler the same to any other of the said Trustees; and the said Oath or Affirmation so taken and subscribed by each Trustee shall be lodged in the Hands and Custody of the Clerk to be by them appointed as herein-after mentioned,

VII. And be it further enacted, Thar the said Trustees shall meet together Meeting of at Ionic convenient Place in Beverley aforesaid, within Fourteen Days next Trustees. after such their Election, Nomination or Appointment, respectively, of which Meeting Six Days Notice at lead shall be given by Writing ro be affixed on the Outside of One of the outer Doors of the same Parish Churches of Saint John of Beverley and Skidby aforesaid, and also by Public Advert isement to be infeited in Ore or more Newspaper or Newspapers printed and published in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, or the City of York, and shall then and there proceed to the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in them, and shall then or at any subsequent Meeting appoint a Clerk to write their Orders and make Entries of their Proceedings, and also to collect! the Assessments to be laid by virtue of this Act, and for other Purposes; and such Clerk to the said Trustees shall be paid an annual Salary, not exceeding the Sum of Five Guineas, and the said Trustees shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to adjourn themlelve* and to meet at rhePlace aforesaid, or at feme other Place to be appointed by them for carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Exeeu'innj and if it shall happen that at any Meeting which shall be appointed to be held, Two of the said Trustees shall not appear at such Meeting, then and so often as fuel Cafe shall happen the Trustee who shall so attend, or (he Clerk to the said Trusters, in case neither of the said Trailers shall attend, shall adjourn such Meeting to and appoint the Trustefcs to meet at t. e Place where the last Meeting was appointed to be holden on that Day Fortnight, and soon until Two of the said Trustees shall attend to act in the Execution of the Powers hereby vetted in them by the said recited Act arid thk Adtj and the Trustee or Clerk so adjourning such Meeting shall cause Notice thereof in Writing to be given at lead Six Days before any such Meeting, by Writing to be affixed on the Outside of One of the outer Doors of the several Parish Churches of Saint John of Beverley and Skidby aforesaid, and also by Public Advertisement, to be inferred in One r rmorc Newspaper or Newspapers printed and published in the Town of Kingtton upon Hull, or the Cry of York’. Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any One of the said Trustees to call a Meeting of the said Trustees to be holden at the Place where the last Meeting was holden j and of every such Meeting the Trustee so calling the same shall cause Norice thereof in Writing, signed by him, to be given in Mannrr aforesaid, Six Days at Jcaft before such (aft mentioned Meeting.

So help me GOD.*

{tot. & Per.]

7Q

614.

Trustees to make AfieU'-ments for defraying the Expences of the An and Drainage.

No new Works to be made without the Content of a Majority in Value of the Proprietors assembled at a Meeting.

If Assessmerts not paid within Ten Days after Demand, Trull ees may dittrain.

4.8* GEORGII III. Gap. 40.

VIII. And be further tn ft- d, That it shall helawful for the said Prustees ana they ate hereby authoriz'd.and i.equir.-d from Time to Time to assess, tax, and charge all and very the Owner and Owners of or Persons interested in, and Occupier and Occupiers of the said Low Grounos and Carrs proporhorably, a- cording to the Tenor of a certain Award or instrument in Writing, made in pursuance of the said recited Act, containing the Arrangements and Taxation of the said Low Grounds and Carrs, and tnrolled at the Public Register Office for the said East Riding, and such Award is declared to be the Rule or Precedent of Proportion for ail future Taxations or such Low Grounds and Carrs with such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be necessary for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, ami the Expence? from Time to Time to be incurred in repairing and maintaining the Works of Drainage and Improvements which have been already made and completed, or in making and repairing such new Works as shall from Time to Time be found necessary or expedient for the better draining, preserving, and improving the said Low Grounds and Carrs, arid in paving and dilchatging all other Charges and Expences incident to or attending the Execution uf the several Purposes of this Act, and the said recited Act, or either of them, and all such Assessments, Taxes, and Charges shall oe paid to the said Cler k, or to such other Person as the said Trustees Ibali nominate ai d appoint to collect and receive the same, and at such Time or Times and Place or Places as the said Trustees shall dirtft or appo;n

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That do new Works for the Drainage, PrTervation, or Improvement, of the said Low Grounds and Carrs, or my Part there if, shall be made or undertaken, without the previous Consent in Writing of a Majority in Value, according to the Affirflmenc in the said Award, of all the Proprietors of the said Low Grounds and Carrs, who shall front Time to Tune bepreicnt at any Meeting, to be hoiuen for the express Purpose of obtaining the lame, of which Meeting, and lie Purpose ir.ereof, and of the Time and Place uf holding the lame. Ten Days previous Notice at the lead shall be given, by Writing, to be fixed on the Outfi-Je of one of the Outer Doors of the Parish Churches of Saint J hrt of Beverley and Skidby aforesaid, and also by public Adveroferm’nt to be inferred in one or more Newspaper or Newsptpeis, printed and published in the Town of KiniJlin.upon IiuU, or the City of Turk.

X. And ne it further enacted, in case any such Owner, Person interested, or Occupier, shall refuse or neglect to pay any such Tax or Assessment at the Time or Times, Place or Places so directed or appointed as aforesaid, within Ten Days after Demand made thereof in Writing, under the Hand of any One of the Lid Ttulfees, or of the said Cltrk, or other Person io nominated and appointed to collect and receive the same, and given to such Owner, Person interested in, or Occupier, or left at his or her usual or Lft known Place of Abode, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees tocaulc the lame to be levied and recovered by such and the like Ways and Means as any of the Taxes or A.ffclTments laid by virtue of the said recited Act are thereby directed to be recovered and ratted.

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees for the Time b -'ing, and every of them, shall be allowed and paid by and out of any Muncy to arise by virru.- of this Act, or the said incited Act, or either of them their reasonable Expences, not exceeding Five Shillings each per Day when they shall neoeft'arily meet or attend for the Execution of the Powers hereby repufed iii them.

XII. PnWid-d always, and it is hereby declated and en.ift d, That no Truste , Clerk, Collector, or other Officer employed in the Execution of this Act, or the saul recited Act, shall have or receive, or agree to have or r.ce.ve, o’ireftly or indirectly, any Benefit or Interest whatsoever in or from any Contrail: to bemadc for any Works to be executed under the Autho-tiryof his Act, or the said recited Act, and if contrary to the true Intenc and Meaning of this Act, any Trustee, Clerk, Collector, or other Officer employed in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, shall have or rrccive, or agree to have or receive directly orindireftly, any Benefit or Interest wnad'oever in or from any Contrail to be made for any Wotks to be executed under the Authority of this or the said recited Act, he shall, on Conteffiion or Convictiun before any Two or more of His Majesty's JustiGcs of the Peace for the said East Riding of the County of York, upon the Oath of One or more i rrdible Witness or Wi neffcS (which Oath any One of the said Justice* is hereby empowered and required to a< minifttr) forfeit antipay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be thought reasonable by such Juthces not exceeding the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be levied by Distrcfs and Sale f the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and S als of the said Justices, and to be applied and disposed of towards the General Purposes of this Act.

$?'. 1 . i j.oi " . A- ' 'i . 1 V . i;

XIII. And be it further enacted, IThar the Commissioners acting under or by the Authority of the said recited Act shall, and they are hereby requited to fetJe and adjull all their Accounts respecting i.tic said Dra-ruge, with th Trunees to be appointed by virtue of this Act, or any Two of them, within the Space ot Sx Calendar Months from thy-Day of the Nor minauon and Appointment of the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, end the said Comm ili m rs ffia.ll thereupon pay or deliver,- or cause to be paid and delivered, uruo the said Trustees or any Two of them, all and evei-y such Sum and Sums of Money as shall then appear to be in the Hands of the said Commipioners, or their Cltik, Collector, or Treasurer, tn Account of t he said Drainage, and all such Books, Plans, Papers, Matters, and Things in their or any of their Cuuody or Power, as relate to the said Drainage, and all such Sums of Money when so received by the said Trustees ti.all be by them applied for the Purposes by this and the fold recited Act duefted.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees to be chosen from Time.to Time under or by virtue of this Act shall, and they are hereby required within Fourteen Days next after the annual Nomination and Appointment of new Trustees as aforesaid, to make up and settle all their Accounts respecting the said Drainage, with such new Trustees, or any Two of them, and shall at the same Time pay over and deliver to such new Trustees, or any Two of them, the Balance of the Mouies received and paid by them, or by or under their Direction, in the Execution of this Act,

or

615

Allowance to Trustees for Exprncea.

Trustee", &c. not to h ve any Interest in f. ontrafts under a Penalty not exceeding 5001.

Prefect Coin, milli.irters to account with new Trustees.

Trustees to account.

6i6

Trusteei not to b« accountable for each other.

Application of Compensation, if amounting to tool.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

or the said recited Act, and all Books, Plans, Papers, Matters, and Thing* then in their or any of their Custody or Possession relating to the said Drainage.

XV. Provided’always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall not be answerable One for another, but each for himlelfand his own Acts only, nor for any Sum or Sums of Money but what each of them respectively shall actually receive.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid or agreed or awarded to be paid, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said Act, and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee for and on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Ideot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lauds, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in drift or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money may be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fumary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Parc thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (finding settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Directions and Approbations of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used, as aforesaid, (food settled or limited, or such of them, as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking F.ffeft; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities Hull be ordered by the said Court to be sold, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue

7 of

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

of the said Tecited Act, and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settle nnrt were made. r

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall fexceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, ldiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-after directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Two of the Trustees for executing the said recited Act, and this Act] (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Wtiting, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

[XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Act, and this Act, in such Manner as the fail Trustees shall think, lity cr in case of Infancy, Idio:cy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Bmefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act, and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the SatMaQion of the said Trustees, or any Two of them, or in q2le such Person or Persons to whom fuqh Sum or Sums of Money'shall be lo awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons enutled to fut;h Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and 4n every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or.any Two of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bunk of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, [L«. fis? Pau] 7 R to

617

Application of Compenta-tion, if less than aaol.and exceeding aol.

Application of Compensation, if less than ao 1.

In case of not making out Title to Lard, or if I’ersons Cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bailie,

1 object to the Order of the Court of Ch.-mc ry, on Petition ot Motion.

4&° GEORGII UL (>Cap. 0*

to be placed to his Account, to the Cradlt of the Patties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, nr Hereditaments !(describirtg them \ subject to the Order, Controuli, and Dispoficion of the said Court of Chancery,' which said Court of Chancery, on the Application St any Person or s- Persons making Clamr to such Stnsi or I Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition^ shall be, and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the said Court shall' seem meet, to order the same to be laid ouc and invested in the Public' Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the DividenW*’ thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or filtered:^ or the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make fucf^ other Orders in the Premises, as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to1 give a Receipt or Receipts for tuch Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what End, and for whose Use, the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where any Question shall anse touching the Title to Money to be pai'd, the Per-l'ons who shall be in Poflcssion of the Land,&c. at the Time of such Purchase, shall be deemed en- titled thereunto, according to such Possession, unless,&c.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Title in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited A&, and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the DivU dends ot Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made to appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

The Court of

XXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by Reason Cfcaneer^may of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporations able Expences entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased of Purchases under the Authority of the said recited Act and th.s Act, the Purchase the Tiu'aeeZ Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Act and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Gourt shall deem reasonable to be paid

8 ] by

48° Q.EORiGIII31*.' Cap. 40. 6i9

by the said Trustees otfl of the Monies to: be received by virtue of the said Act and this Act, who fhilL: from Time to Time piy such Sums of Money forffueh Purposea aa-the said Coucrshall direct.

no!»/I yiis V- noilJiOitqqA tirfj

XXIL. And be it further unified, That the said Trustees mayfue and Act'on*,&e. be sued, in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, and that all Afiions or Suits, that may be oerefTary or expedient to be inth-Name brought and preferred by the said Trustees, fot or in respefi of any of Clerk. Matter or Thing relating to this Ad, may be brought and preferred in the Natrle of the said Clerk, and that no Afiion or Suit which maybe brought or preferred by or against the said Trustees by virtue or on Ac'

Count of this Act, in tho^fame of their Clrfk, shall abate or be discou-linued or quashed by the Death, Suspension, or Removal of such Clerk, or by any Ad or Default of such Clerk done ot fulfered without the Consent or Direction of the said Trustees, but the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being shall be always deemed Plaintiff or Defendant, in every such Adionor Suir, as the Case may be, except in such Afiions as shall be instituted between the said Trustees and their Clerk for the Time being, in which Actions any one of the said Trustees shall and may be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be.

- ’ ,r. I i ,*. ! rO

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every such Clerk Clyrk to

in whose Name any Action or Prosecution shall be brought or defended in Expence», Jec,

pursuance of this Act, shall always be reim burled and paid out of the

Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, alt such Calls, Charges, and Ex*-

pences, as such Clerk shall be put to or become chargeable with by reason

of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein, and shall not be per-

fonally answerable or liable for the Pay mmt of the fame, or any Par-

thereof, unless such Action Or Prosecution shall arise in consequence of his own wilful Negied or Default, or shall have been brought or defended

without the Order or Direction of the said Trustees,

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if^any Person or Persons shall think Appeal, himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Ad, Matter, or Thing,

done or ordered to be done by the said Trustees, or any of them, (except so far as concerns the Quota or Proportion of Taxation of the specific Parts of the said Low Grounds and Carrs, originally fixed by the said Award or Instrument before mentioned), or by any ocher Matter or rtnng done in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person and Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the East Riding of the County of York, at the then next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said Riding, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of such Appeal shall have arisen, the Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Eight Days Notice in Writing at che least of his, her, or the;r Intention to brinw such Appeal and of the Matter thereof, to the Party ot Parties appealed against, and within Four Days after such Notice, entering into a Rtcogni-zance before some Justice of the Peace for the said East Riding with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order' 't of and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the said Justices at such 1 General Quarter Session, and upon due Proof of such Notice be ng given, and of, such Recognisance being entered into as aforesaid, the said Justices

shall

620

a8* GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

shall and they are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Order and award such Damages and Cods to tire Party appealing or 1 appealed against, as the said Justices shall think fit and proper;

and also shall and may by their Warrant levy the Damages and Costs which shall be so awarded by Diitrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, if any, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Good* and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Order and Determination of the Did Justices in their said General Quarter Sessions shall be final and conclusive to all Persons interested, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

Form of Conviction.

Public Afl.

XXV. And be it further enacted.That in all Cafes where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed againli this or the said recited Act, or either of them, or against any Order or Sessions, the Form of Conviflioa shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

T)E it remembered, That on this Day of in the

Year of the Reign of A* B. is convicted

before of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace,

‘ for the of having {as the Offence Jkallbe) and

‘ and I {or we) the said do adjudge him, (her, or them) to

forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum ot Given under

« my Hand and Seal (or Hands and Seals) the Day and Year aforesaid.'

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

m - ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

i GEORGII III. REGIS.

w -

tli

nd

CMp, 41

An Act for building a Bridge over the River Nefs, at Inverness, widening certain Streets, improving the present Harbour, extending the Royalty, supplying the Inhabitants with Water, regulating the Police,: and lighting the Streets of the said Burgh.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS the Population of the Burgh of Inverness hath of late Years greatly increased, and the present Bridge oyer the River Nefs being inefficient for the Intercourse with the adjacent Country, it is expedient that another Bridge should be built over the said River Nefs, at or near to the old Quay thtreof: And whereas, in order to render the Access to the said new Bridge easy and commodious, it is necessary that certain Houses and other Erections should be pulled down, so as to leave a free Passage or Street of the Breadth of Sixty Feet, between a Place called The Grey Friars, and another Place called The Maggot, in the said Burgh, leading from the Church Lane therein, through the Glebe of the first Minister thereof, and the Grounds called The Maggot, to the Scite of the said new Bridge; and alfa to open a Communication not exceeding Sixty Feet in Breadth, between Church Street and New Street, opposite or nearly oppofue to the Academy in the said Burgh; and also to widen and improve Church Street, opposite to the Gaol of the said Burgh, and to vndtn Bridge Street [Lee. hf Per.] y S and

622

Power to build a ill ulgr.

SuHfcripftonj *o be paid.

i’onMge, inJ Power to make Erec-rions for in Collection.

4«" GEORGII III. Cap.\t.

and also to make a new Street behind cettaiit Houses on the North Side of that Part of a Street in the said Burgh called Ea/l Street, to the East of a House therein belonging to John Mackenzie Glover; and further, that new Streets and Square* should be erected on the Grounds situated between the Roads leading Eastwards to che King’s Mills Burn and the River Nefs, and the Harbour of the said Burgh r And whereas, the.present Harbour being inadequate to the Trade of the Port of bvuerness, it i3 expedient that the fame should be improved by the Lredion of a new Pier or Quay on the Bank of the said River Nefs, at or near to a Place called Thornbujh, adjoining to the Lands of Merkinch, and by widening, deepening, and cleansing the Bed of the said River: And whereas it is expedient that the Royalty of the said Burgh should be extended over the Lands of Merkinch, as well as such Lands adjoining thereto as belong to the said Magistrates and Town Council, and the Lands which are holden of the said Magistrates and Town Council, between the Barony of Cajllehill and the Sea, and from thence Eastward to the Burn of King’s Mills, at the Place where the fame enters the Sea: And whereas the said Burgh is at present very scantily supplied with Water, and it is very desirable that a sufficient Supply should be afforded to the Inhabitants thereof, and for the Use of the Shipping resorting to the said Port: And whereas it is further expedient that the Police of the said Burgh should be regulated, and that Powers should be granted for lighting the Streets within the said Burgh: But these Objects cannot be accomplished without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s moss Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Magii* trates and Town Council of the Burgh of Invemefs, and their Successors in Office, and they are hereby empowered, by themselves or their Deputies, Agents, Servants, Workmen, and others, to build a Bridge aerof? the River Nefs, at or near to the old Quay on thg Bank of the said River, of such Materials, and in such Form and Manner, as the said Magistrates and Council shall think proper; and also to ered, build, and make, all proper and necessary Abutments, Pillars, Ramparts, Wings, Walls, Banks, Way6, and other Works, for the Use, Support, and Prefer vat ion of the said Bridge.

II. And be it further enacted, That the respective Persons who have subscribed or shall subscribe any Money, for and towards building the said Bridge, shall, and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums respectively by them subscribed, at such I itnes ana Places, and in such Manner as shall be directed by the said Magifliates and Council, who are hereby empowered to sue for and recover the fame, in any Court of Law or Equity, with Double Costs of Suit.

1; 1 , ,

III. And be it farther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Magistrates, and Tow® Council and their Successors, and all such Persons as shall be commissioned and authorized by them .(whom they are hereby empowered to appoint) to ured every such-PJoufc, Bar, Gate, Pod, Chain, or Raii, which may , be nectflltry for levying the Pontages hereby authorized, and ado the Petty CqRpips of the-fad Burgh, heretofore levied,; which it shall and may-be lawful

i lor

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 4f. 623

for the said Magistrates and Council, and their Successors, and all such Persons as "shall be authorized and commissioned by them for that Purpose, and from Time to Time, and at all Times, after completing and finithing the said Bridge, so that Passenger9, Carriages, and Cattle, can pass the fame; to aflc, demand, receive, and recover, before any Paffuge shall be permitted over the said Bridge, a Pontage not exceeding the Sums following; videlicet:

For each Horse, Gelding, Mare, Mule, Afs, or other Beast, drawing or Laden, the Sum of One Penny Sterling:

For every Horse, Gelding, Mare, Mule, or Afs, unladen or not drawing, the Sum of Three Farthings Sterling:

For every Bull, Ox, or Cow, the Sum of Three Farthings Sterling:

For every Score of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, Goats, or Swine, the Sum of Ten-pence Sterling, and so in Proportion, for any greater or less Number:

For every Foot Passenger, the Sum of One Farthing Sterling:

And if any Person or Persons, subject to the Payment of the said Tolls, or either of them, shall refuse to pay the fame, it shall be lawful to and for the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls, to carry such Person or Persons, before One of the Magistrates of the said Burgh, and on the Offence being proved, such Magistrate shall impose on the Party offending, a Fine not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, to be paid to the Collector of the said Tolls; and on Nonpayment thereof, to commit such Person or Persons to the House of Correction, or Common Gaol of the said Burgh, for any Time not exceeding Three Months.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Person fiibfcribing the Exemptions Sum of Twenty Pounds or upwards, towards building the said Bridge, lrom J’onu£:* and the Wife, Son, or Daughter, of every such Subscriber, shall, during the Life of such Subscriber, be exempted from paying the Pontage hereby imposed, for themselves, their Ilcrfes, Geldings, Mares, Mules,

Asses, Cows, Bulls, or Oxen, Calves, Sheep, Lambs, Goats, or Swine, and in like Manner shall be exempted from the Tolls hereby imposed; every Clergyman on Foot or on Horseback, going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person, or upon his Parochial or Ministerial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be performed; and all Persons, or Horl'es, Cattle, and Carriages employed in conveying the Mails of Letters or Expressej, under the Authority of His Majesty's Post Master General* either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or returning back therefrom; and all Officers and Soldiers on their March, or on Duty, and the Horses of such Officers, or any Carriages conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, and all Persons enrolled in any Corps of Volunteers going to or returning from the Place appointed for the Exercise of the Coro* to which they respectively belong $ and all Horses furtiished by or lor any Fer'om belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for the Exercite of such Corps refneclivdy, pr videi that such Persons be (dreflird.in the Uniform tif their refoecUve Corps, sod have.their Arms,

Furniture,

&2+ 48° GEORG 11 Ilf. Cap.fU

Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for i'uch Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming loch Exemption; and also all Vagrants travelling with legal PafTeS, and Horses conveying the fame, shall be exempted from the Pontages hereby imposed.

P*r,any o.» V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall maliciously

Gates,1*:. ^reak down or injure any House, Bar, Gate, Poll, Chain, or Rail, erected or placed for collecting the said Pontage, or shall maltreat any Collector, or be aiding or a Hi fling thereto, or shall forcibly pass through, or forcibly assist any Person in passing through any such Gate, Polt, Chain, or Rail, or shall rescue any Person in Custody for any such Offence, every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, by the Oath or Oaths of any One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by his own Confession, before any competent Judge or Judges in Scotland, shall not only pay the Damages and Expences sustained by such Offence, but shall further be subject and liable to a Fine not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling.

A plication

VI. And be it enacted, That the Money arising from the said Pontage of Pontage frail be applied in keeping the said Bridge in Repair, for which Purpose

tKS" a Sum equal to the highest Expence which shall have been incurred in

such Repairs in ar.y one Year, shall be set apart and replaced as often as the same shall be expended; and thereafter it shall and may be lawful for the said Magistrates and Council to apply the Surplus of such Pontages (which shall remain after defraying all such Repairs and keeping Inch Sum so let ap->rt as aforesaid) towards improving the Access to the said Budge, in Manner herein-afrer dirtfted and after such Access shall have been lo improved it shall and may be lawful for the said Magistrates and Council to apply any such Surplus in Aid of the Tolls granted by an- AH of the Sfff/h/frParliamer.t, being the First Parliament of King.fames the Seventh, in the Year One thousand six hundred and eighty-five, intituled, ARinfavour

of the Burgh cf Idverbels, for exacting a small Custom at the Bridge thereof, towards upholding and maintaining such lad mentioned Bridge, if the Tolls levied thereat shall not be Efficient for keeping the fame in Repair.

Further

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Pontages hereby

ilicnfon*or grained shall be applied for the Purposes and in the Manner htreby iiie Poiitige. Sieged, and for no other Purpose v.hatloever; and distii ft Accounts shall be kept of the Pontages received by virtue of this Act end of the Appli- cation thereof, which shall be at all reasonable Times open 10 the Inspection of any Inhabitant of the said Burgh of lmemeff, paying the Sum of Sixpence for each Inspection; and Extracts or Copies of ail or any Parc of such Accounts shall be furmshed when lequired to every such Inhabit, anr, paying at tl e Rate of not n ore than Sixpence for each One hundred Words in such Extract or Copy.

Ponttgr may

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for be loA-tred. the Court of Session ir ihc Court of Exchequer in Scotland, upon ihe Application of any Tlvee of such Inhabitant-1, to enquire into and nicer-t jin ihc Amount of the Monies received from the Pontage; hereby granted and the Application thereof, and whether the Amount of the Sums fa received arc more than fc fficient for the Purposes to which they *ie hereby d.rafted to be appli.d, and whether any Surplus adiing therefrom as

afortfald,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 4-r. 625

aforesaid, which shall have been applied to maintain and uphold the said old Bridge shall have been necessary, in Addition to the Toils levied thereat; and it shall be lawful for the said Court of Session or the said Court of Exchequer to make such Order as they shall think proper, for the due Application of the Money received from such Pontages, in the Manner hereby directed; and if it shall appear that the Sums levied shall be more than sufficient for such Purposes, it shall and may be lawful for the said Couitof Session or the said Court of Exchequer to lower the same to such Sum as shall appear sufficient, and ir shall not be lawful for the said Magistrates and Council to levy a higher Rate of Pontage than shall be so oidered; but it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Session or the said Court of Exchequer, upon the Application of the Lid Magil-rrates and Council, at any future Period again to enquire into and ascertain the Amount of the Receipts and the Manner of the Application of such Pontages, and to make an Order authorizing the said Magistrates and Council to raise the same to such Amount as such Coure to whom such Application shall have been made shall think, proper, not exceeding the Rates hereby granted, which may be afterwards raised and lowered as often as there shall be Occasion, in the Manner hereby directed: Provided always, that before making such Application to the said Court of Stfli n or to the said Court of Exchequer, such Inhabitants shall previoofly require the said Magistrates and Council, in Writing, to lower the said Rates to such Amount as they shall represent to be proper, and to correct any Error or Abuse in the Application thereof of which they complain; and if upon such Inquiry it shall appear to such Court to whom any such Application shall have been made that there was no sufficient Ground for loch Applicaiion, it shall ami may be lawful for such Court, and such Court is hereby directed to decern and ordain the whole Amount of the Colts to which the said Magistrates and Council shall be put in and by 1 such Application, to be paid to them by the I'arties making the same.

IX. And, in order to render the Access to the said Bridge, when For improving built, easy and commodious; be it enacted, That it shall and may be Bodge,

lawful fur the said Magistrates and Council, and their Successors in

Office, and they are hereby empowered by themselves, their Deputies, f Agents, Servants, Workmen, and others, to pull down the Houses

f and Buildings belonging to the Persons named in Schedule A, here-

I unto annexed, so as to leave a free Passage or Street of the Breadth

of Sixty Feet, between a Place called The Grey Friars, and another

Place called The Maggot, in the said Burgh, leading from the Church Lane therein, through the Glebe of the First Minister thereof, and the Grounds called The Maggcl, to the Scite of the said Bridge;

and also to open a Communication from Church Street, not exeeed-I ing Sixty Fee: in Breadth to New Street, opposite or nearly opposite to

the Academy in the said Burgh, by pulling down the Houses and other Buildings, and taking Possession thereof, and of the Gardens and Grounds which belong to the Persons named in Schedule B. hereunto an. nex-d; and also to widen and improve Church Street, opposite to the Gaul of the said Burgh, by pulling down the Houses and other Buildings, which belong to, and are occupied by the Persons named in Schedule C. hereunto annexed, so as to carry the said Street in a Line with the House belonging to James Lyon Merchant, on the Ealt Side of the said Street, and also to widen Bridge Street, determined by pulling [Loc. £jf Per.] 7 T ' down

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

down the Houses and Buildings which belonged to the deceased Andrew Tolmie, and taking Porte (lion of a Piece of Waste Ground adjoining, which Houses and Grounds are now occupied by the Persons named in Schedule D. hereunto annexed; and also to make a new Street behind certain Houses on the North Side of that Parr of a Street in the said Burgh called East Street, to the East of a House therein belonging to'John Mackenzie Glover, and to make Streets and Squares on the Grounds situated between the Roads leading Eastward to the King’s Mill Burn, and the said River Nefs and Harbour, by pulling down and taking Possession of the Houses and Grounds belonging to the Persons mentioned in Schedule E. hereunto annexed.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That at least Six Months Notice in Writing shall be given, to every Occupier in each of the said Houses or other Buildings, previous to the Term of Whitsunday, at which he or she shall be required to remove.

improvement XI. And, in order to improve the said Harbour; be it enacted, That of Harbour, if shall and may be lawful to and for the said Magistrates and Council, and their Successors in Ortice, by themselves or their Deputies, Agent?, Servants, Workmen, and others, to erect a new Pier or Quay on the Bank of the said River Nefs, at or near a Place called Thornbujh, adjoining to the Lands of Merkinch; "and to deepen, widen, scour, and cleanle the said Harbour, and also the said River Nefs, for the convenient Entrance of Shipping into the said Harbour, and the Security and Accommodation thereof, and fer that Purpose to embank the said River, and to open, deepen, widen, or cut through, and take away any Rocks Banks, Hills, Earth, Soil, Gravel, Sand, or Rubbish, in the said Harbour and River, in such Manner as the said Magistrates and Council shall think proper, and also to remove and take away any Wrecks of Ship?, that shall be sunk therein respectively, or any Wood, Timber, Anchors, or other Obstructions or Impediments, that may be found or arise therein respectively, and in case the Owners of any such-Wreck, or the Person or Persons making any such Obstruction or Impediment so removed by the said Magistrates and Council, their Agents, Servants, or Workmen shall refuse or neglect to pay the Colts or Charges attending such Removal, for the Space of Seven Days after Demand thereof, the same shall and may be recovered in such and the like Manner as any Penalties and Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be recovered.

Six Months Not ics to be given.

punishment

XII. And be it further tnafttd, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever shall, after the passing of this Act, wilfully and maliciously set on Fire any of the Piers, Quays, Jetties, Breads, or other Works in or belonging to the said Harbour, or any of the Materials intended for any of the said Works, every such Person or Persons so offending, upon bring lawfully convicted thereof, shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and shall fufler Punishment by Transportation, Fine, or Imprisonment, at the Dif-cre; on of the Judge or Judges before whom such Oft’ender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted.

Penalty for destroying Ropes ot Veucl*.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons whomsoever shall wilfully or ir.alicioully cut, break, or in any Manner

destroy

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 41. 627

defiroy any Rope or other Thing by which any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel lying in the said Harbour, shall be moored or faliened, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum noc exceeding Five Pounds, besides paying the Damages thereby oc-caftoned.

XIV. And be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, it To prevent' Hull not be lawful to any Person or Persons to throw or empty any Bal-

last. Dud, Allies, or Ilubbish, Shingle Stones, or other Things, into the Harbour, said Harbour, or into the Entrance thereto, or the said River Nefs, or to dig and take away any Ballad, Shibgle Stones, or other Things therefrom, to the Hurt and Prejudice of the said Harbour, or of the Works connected therewith, under a Penalty not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Offence, besides taking up and removing all such Ballad,

Dud, Allies, Rubbish, Shingle Stones, and other Things, and repairing the Damage occasioned by such Default, which the said Magidrares and Council are hereby empowered to do at the Expence of the Defaulter or Defaulters.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it’shall and may be lawful for the said Magistrates and Council, and their Successors in Office, from Time 'egatote ali

to Time, and at all Times after the passing of this Act, to make, and Mattel^ rciat-afterwards to alter such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to therrl shall seem proper, for the due Preservation of the said Harbour and the Shipping the rein, and for the loading and unloading of all Vessels resorting thereto, and for the orderly Behaviour of all Mariners, Boatmen* Lightermen, Watermen, Carmen, and other Persons on Board such Vessels employed in any Manner in the Btlfiness or Trade of the said Harbour, and to enforce the Performance of such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, by such moderate Penalties as such Magistrates and Council shall think fit, not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Transgressionj to be recovered in the same Manner as any Penalty may be recovered under this Act: Provided always, that fetch Rules, Orders, and Regulations, diall not be repugnant to the Laws of Scotland, or this Act, and shall previously be recorded in the Court Books of the said Burgh, and shall be affixed and continued, legibly printed, on some conspicuous Place or Places of the said Harbour, Piers, and other Works, for the due Information of all Persons required to conform thereto.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted. Thar any Person or Persons Such Rule, thinking himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Order or Judgement made or given in pursuance of any such Rule, Order, or Regulation, may within Three Calendar Months next after any such

Order, Judgement, or Determination, shall have been made or given,

(first giving Twenty-one Days Notice of such Complaint to the Person or Persons again!! whom such Complaint is intended to be made), complain to the next Circuit Court of Judiciary to be held thereafter at Invbvefs \ and the said Circuit Couti are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine such Complaint, in such and in the like Marnier, and subject to such and the like Regulation^, with respect to Appeals to the Courts of judiciary, as are specified and described in an Act passed in the Twentieth fear of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, dn Ail for taking a-jeay and tdjcHJb ng Heritable Jurisditdhns in that Part

of

6*8 ^‘ GEORGII ni. Cap. 41.

?/Great Britain Scotland; and for making Satisfaction to the Proprietors

thereof; and for rejlorng such Jurisdictions to the Crown, and for making more effectual Provision for the Administration of Justice throughout that Part of the United Kingdom by the King's Courts and Judges there; and for obliging all Persons aEling as Procurators, Writers, or Agemts in the Law of Scotland, to take the Oaths, and for rendering the Union of the Two Kingdoms more complete-, and such Circuit Court of Judiciary may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned, which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule* Order, Regulation, or Determination, and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured, as they shall judge reasonable; and the Determination of such Circuit Court shall be final and conclusive, without being subject to Advocation, Suspension, or Stay or Review in any Manner of Way whatsoever, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Matter or Owner of every Ship or Vessel coming to and using the said Harbour, shall be and is hereby made answerable for the Amount of any Damage or Mischief which shall be done by him, or by such Ship or Velfei, or by any of the Mariners, Boatmen, Servants, or others on Board the fame, or employed by such Matter or Owner, to any of the Piers, Quays, Breads, or other Works connected with the said Harbour, with full Cods of Suit, to be recovered as any other Damages may be recovered under this Act; and that it shall be lawful to detain such Ship or Vessel until fuificienc Security be granted for the Payment of the same.

recover frim

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Mader or Maders, tilth Servants Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, shall be compelled my Sum for to pav any Penalty or to make Satisfaction for any Damage or Tref-t cir e au t. reason of any such Damage or Mischief done or committed by his

or their Mariners, Boatmen, Servants, or other Persons employed by them, or any of them, such Mariners, Boatmen, Servants, or other Persons, and each and every of them, shall be liable to pay such Penalty or Damage (with the Cods thereof) to such Mader or Maders, Owner or Owners; and in case of Non payment thereof upon Demand, and Oath made by such Mader or Maders, Owner or Owners of the Payment made by him, her, or them, of such Penalty or Satisfaction for Damages, and that the fame and the Cods thereof have or hath not been repaid to him, her, or them by such Mariners, Boatmen, Servants, or other Persons, or any of them, although demanded, (such Oath to be made before any-one Justice of the Peace for the County where such Penalty and Satisfaction shall have been incurred or paid, or where such Mariner, Boatman, Servant, or other Person can be found), the Amount thereof shall be recovered as any other Penalty is hereby directed to be recovered.

Matters of Vefle. ,-n-fw r hie for the Damage done by their Crews.

Rates to be levied.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in Consideration of the great Expence which mud be incurred in improving the said Harbour, and to make dueProvision for Re-payment of the Sums authorized by this Act, to be borrowed for the Purposes of such Improvement, it Ilia'll and may be lawful for the said Magistrates and Council, and their Successors in Office, and such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, so fcon as the said Pier shall be built, to a(k, demand, take, and recover of and from 3 every

48° GEORGII III. Gap.- 41- 6a9

every the Matters or Commanders, and Owners of any Ships or Vessels,

Barks and Boats trading to and from, and using the said Harbour; and from the Owners of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shipped or landed thereat, the several Rates' and Duties specified in Schedule F. hereunto annexed, iri addition to all other Rates and Duties at present levied or leviable by the said Magistrates and Council, from such Matters, Commanders, or Owners.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Ships and His Majesty., other Vessels belonging to or employed in the Service of His Majesty, using Snips ex-the said Harbour, shall be exempted from the Payment of all and every eini>t*d’ the Rates and Duties hereby granted for and upon Vessels using the same.

XXI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which have paid the above-mentioned Dues at unloading, shall be again exported in the fame Packages, they shall be exempted from the Payment of those Dues at re-shipping; and that no Fishery Salt imported in Bulk, and which shall be re-shipped in the Calks for the Fishery, shall be liable to the Payment of any of the said Rates and Duties when so re-shipped, other than the Duty in the said Table stipulated for the Calks containing the fame, according to their Dimensions; and that no Ship or Vessel carrying Stones, Wood, or other Materials into the said Harbour, for the Use of the Piers or any other Works authorized to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to the Payment of any of the aforesaid Rates or Duties in respect of such Voyagf or Goods.

XXII. And, to the Intent that the Rates or Dufies imposed by this Act Manner «f may be more effectually collected and levied, be it further enacted, That

in case any Owner or Owners, or Matter, or other Person or Persons having Charge or Command of any Ship or other Vessel charged or chargeable with any of the respective Rates or Duties granted by this Act, or any Owner or Owners, Consignee or Configures of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall refute or neglect to pay the fame, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Collector or Collectors appointed to receive the same, whom the said Magistrates and Council are hereby authorized to appoint, to go on board of such Ship or Vessel, and to demand, collect, and receive the said Rates or Duties, and on Non-payment thereof, to take and distrain such Ship or Vessel, and all her Tackle,

Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, and the same to detain until the respective Rates or Duties shall be satisfied and paid; and in case of any Neglect or Default in Payment for the Space of Five Days after any Distress or Distreffes so made or taken, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors to cause the same to be appraised by Two or more sworn Appraisers, or other sufficient Persons, not interested therein, and afterwards to fell the said Distress or DistTefies, and therewith to satisfy himfslf or themselves, as well for or in respect of the Rates or Duties so neglected or refused to be paid, and the which Distress or Distreffes shall have been made or taken as aforesaid and also for or in respect of his or their reasonable Charges on taking keeping, appraising, and felling the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Master, Commander, Owner or Owners, of such Ship [Lie. b5 Per.] 7 U ' or

Goods for which To t-nage Datv once paid, not to pay a Second Time, &C-

630

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

or Vessel, or the Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize respectively.

F'irpa eIud' And be it further enacted, That if any Mailer, Owner or Owners,

mint to on or other Person or Persons, having the Charge or Command of any Ship tinuecharge- or other Vessel, or any Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees, or any other Person or Persons owning or having Charge of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize imported into the said Port from Parts beyond the Seas, shall by any Means whatsoever, at any Time or Times elude or evade the Payment of the Rates or Duties hereby made payable, or any Part thereof, each and every Person eluding or evading Payment thereof as aforesaid, shall {land charged with and forfeit and pay a Sum equal to Double the Rates or Duties so eluded and evaded; and such Sum shall be recovered from such Mailer, Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees, or other Person or Persons respectively, by the fame Ways and Means and in such Manner as are herein-after directed for levying and recovering Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted or authorized to be imposed.

For ifcertain-

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Tonnage and Admeasurement >ns the Ton- of al| Ships and Vessels required to be registered by any Act or Acts of r«ru eincrit Parliament of the Kingdom of Great Britain, or of the United Kingdom of Shipping, of Great Britain and Ireland, and trading or coming to or departing from the said Harbour, and liable to the Payment of any of the Rates or Duties by this Act imposed, shall be ascertained according to the certified Tonnage in the Ship’s Register; and the Master or other Person having the Command of any such Ship or Vessel, is hereby required to produce the Certificate or Registry at the Time of Payment of the said Rates or Duties, to the Person or Persons who shall be duly authorized to collect and receive such Rates or Duties; and in case of any Dispute in, about, or concerning the same, or in case of any Dispute in respect of the Tonnage of any Ship or Vessel not required to be registered, or of any foreign Ship or Vessel, then the Tonnage of any such Ship or Vessel shall be ascertained in the Manner and according to the Directions of an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

Po«r to

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if the Collector or Collectors of

rveffcnship’ any ^ates cr Duties, and such other Person or Persons as the

nv "' said Magistrates and Council, or their Successors in Office, shall duly nominate and appoint in that Behalf, and the Matter or other Person having Charge or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, cannot agree about or otherwise ascertain the Tonnage of such Ship or other Vessel, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Collectors, or Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, from Time to Time, and at all convenient and reasonable Times, to flop, detain, enter into, measure, and gauge the fame j and in case the fame shall, upon such measuring or gauging, appear to be of greater Tonnage than shall be set forth and contained in the Account which shall be given thereof, then the Master or Person giving in such Account shall pay the Costs and Charges of such measuring or gauging, all which Costs and Charges, upon Refusal of Payment thereof, on Demand, shall and may be recovered and levied by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner as 2 the

631

4.8* GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

the Rates or Duties aie hereby appointed to be recovered and levied} but if any such Ship or other Vessel shall be found to be of the fame or of less Tonnage than the same shall by such Account appear to be of, then the said Collector or Collectors, or such other Person or Persons rel'pec-tively shall pay the Coils and Charges of such measuring or gauging, and shall also pay such further Damages as shall appear to Two or more Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Inverness, on the Oath of any credible Witness, to have arisen from such Detention; and if £'rnf’'^ any Master, Commander, or other Officer of any Ship or Vessel, or any limiting such other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall obstrud or hinder any Person Measurement. or Persons so employed from measuring or gauging any Ship or Vessel in pursuance of this Act, every such Master, Commander, or other Person, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds over and above the said Rates.

XXVI. And, to the Intent that the Rates or Duties by this Act imposed Custom House may be duly accounted for and paid; be it further enacted, That no dischirge'any* Collector of His Majesty's Customs at the said Harbour, shall on any Pre- Vessel before fence whatever, permit or allow any Ship or Vessel on which Duties of DutiesP*lt1' Tonnage are by this Act imposed, to be entered inwards from foreign

Ports or Coastwise, unless and until the Master or other Person having Charge of any such Ship or Vessel shall have paid the Duties of Tonnage by this Act imposed, and shall have produced ro the said Collector a Certificate under the Hand of the Officer or Person appointed under the Authority of this Act to collect and receive the said Rates or Duties due and payable by virtue of this Act, on account of any such Ship or VessVl, have been fully paid } and that no such Collector shall, upon any Pretence whatever, permit or allow any Goods or Merchandize on which a Rate or Duty is by this Act imposed, to be landed from any Ship or Vessel entered inwards or coastwise, unless and until the Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees, of such Goods or Merchandize,

shall have paid the Rates or Duties hereby imposed on such Goods or Merchandize, and shall have produced to the said Collector a Certificate under the Hand of the Officer or Person appointed under the Authority of this Act to collect and receive the said Rates or Duties, certifying that the said last mentioned Rates or Duties have been fully paid; which respective Certificates and Signatures such Officers or Persons, appointed under the Authority of this Act to receive the said Rates and Duties, are required to sign and give accordingly, without Fee or Reward, upon Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, together with Costs of Suit, and which Sum when forfeited, shall be recovered in the same Manner as other Penalties under this Act may be recovered.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and MJgiftr»t«s for the said Magistrates and Council, and their Successors in Office, and empowered to they are hereby authorized and empowered to let to farm a» well the Rates r

and Duties as the aforesaid Pontage hereby made payable, or any Part or Parts thereof, unto any Person or Persons, for any Time or Term they shall think proper, not exceeding Three Years from the Commencement of any Lease; and every such Lease shall be valid and cfledua!; and the Ltffee or Lessees thereof, and also such Person or Persons as such Lessee or Lessees shall appoint to collect and receive the Rates so let, shall, during the Continuance of every such Lease, be deemed Colkdors of the Rates

and

632

Kite* way be altered.

Power to borrow Money.

Application of the Rates and Duties.

Accounts to be kept open to Inspection,

Ascertaining the Am out of Rates.

IxtcnRon of the Royalty.

48° GEORGII III. %?.4r.

and Pontage so let, and shall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting and recovering the fame, as if they had been appointed for that Purpose by the said Magistrates and Council, provided publick Notice of the Intention to let the said Rates and Duties and Pontage, or any Part thereof, be given by the said Magistrates and Council, by Notice affixed at the Place or Places where such Rates and Duties and Pontage are collected, at Jeaft Thirty Days prior to the Time at which the said Rates and Duties, and Pontage, or any Part thereof, are proposed to be let as aforesaid, .*

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, Thatit shall and may belawfultoand for the said Magistrates an,d Council, and their Successors in Office, to lower or reduce all or any of the said Rates and Duties, and again to raise the same to such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Sums before mentioned, as the Expence of maintaining and repairing the said Harbour may require.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Magistrates and Council, and their Successors in Office, to borrow Money upon the Credit of the said Rates and Duties, to the Amount of any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole Three thousand Pounds Sterling, and to assign the said Rates and Duties, or any Part thereof, in Security of the Money so borrowed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates and Duties shall be applied in improving the said Harbour, and in maintaining and keeping the fame in Repair, and in Repayment of the Sums of Money borrowed upon the Security thereof} and in no other Manner whatsoever.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, ThatdiftindAccounts shall be kept of the said Rates and Duties, and of the Application thereof, which shall be at all reasonable Times open to the Inspection of any Person or Persons subject to the Payment thereof, paying the Sum of Sixpence for each Inspection, to whom Extrads or Copies of ail or any Part of the said Accounts shall de furnished when required, at an Expence not exceeding the Rate of Sixpence for each One hundred Words of such Extract or Copy.

XXXII. Provided also, andbeit enacted, Thatit shall andmaybelawfulfar the said Court of Session, or the said Court of Exchequer, upon the Application of any Three of such Persons subject to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties, to inquire and ascertain the Amount of the said Rates and Duties collected by virtue of this Act, and the Application thereof, and whether the Amount thereof is more than sufficient for the Purposes to which the said Rates and Duties are hereby directed to be applied, and such and the like Orders shall be made and pronounced by the said Courts respectively, and such and the like Matters and Things shall be done by them and the said Magistrates and Persons making such Application, which are heTein-before directed in the Cafe of any Application to the said Courts respectively, relating to the said Pontage.

XXXIII. Andbeitfurther enacted, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the Royalty of the said Burgh of hmrness shall be extended

48° GEORGII III; Cap. in

extended over and comprehend the said Lands of Merkinch, as well as fu'ch Lands as belong to the said Magistrates and Council, and the whole Lands holding of the said Magistrates and Council, between the Barony of Castlehill and the Sea, and Eastward to the Burn of King’s Mills, as the fame enters the Sea, lying in the Pari fir and County of Inverness; and that the said Magistrates and Council shall henceforth have and enjoy the same Rights, Privileges, and Jurisdictions over the said Lands hereby annexed to and comprehended in the said Royally, as they dot now enjoy and exercise oves and within the Limits of the present Royalty, and shall and they are hereby empowered to levy the same Mails, Duties. Culloms, and other Taxations within these annexed Lands, in the same Manner, and by such Ways and Means as the said jMagistrates and Council are entitled to levy and recover such Mails, Duties, Customs, and Taxations, within the present Royalty.

XXXIV. Providdd always, and be it enacted, That noTrader or Artificer ^fh'c"rsr residing upon the said Lands of Merkinch, shall, within Ten Years from in the Lana* and after the passing of this Act, be obliged to become a Member of the "^o',iue ih Guildry, or the Six incorporated Trades of the said Burgh of Inverness, unless they provided such Trader or Artificer shall not encroach upon the Privileges of the said Guildry, or of the said Incorporated Trades; but after the hereof the Expiration of Ten Years from the passing of this Act, every such Trader Guildry, or and Artificer residing in the said Lands of Met kinds, shall be obliged to xen' Years, become a Member of the said Guildry, and of the said Incorporated Trades respectively, according to his Calling, paying the accustomed Dues now payable by Traders and Artificers residing within the present Royalty:

Provided always, that every Trader and Artificer residing in the said Lands of Merkinch, may become a Member of the said Guildry or Incorporated Tiades, upon Payment of those Dues, at any Time before the Expiration of the said Period,

XXXV. And, in order that the Inhabitants of the said Burgh, and Water to be the Shipping resorting to the said Harbour, may be supplied with Water,

be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Magistrates and Council, and they are hereby empowered to bring and convey Water into the said Burgh of Inverness, from a Place called Grants Well, in the Lands of Leys, belonging to Arthur Robertson of Inches, Esquire, passing through the Barony of Culcabock, also belonging to the said Arthur Robertson, riie Lands of Dam/ield and Gallowmuir, belonging to Colonel Daillte of Leys; the Lands of Claypcts, belonging to Donald Mackenzie-, the Lands of Porteriand, belonging to David Davidson of Cainiray, Esquire; and the Lands of Barnhills, belonging to Hugh Frafer, and for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of the Purposes of this Act, to bore, dig, cut, trench, foutih, get, remove, take, carry away, and lay Earth, Clay, Stones,

Soil, Rubbish, Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gtavtl, or Sand, or any other Matters or Things which may be dug or got in making a Kefervoir or Reservoirs at Grants Well aforesaid; and in laying any Pipe or Pipes, or in making or constructing such Works as shall be necessary for conveying such Water, or which may hinder, obstruct, or prevent, the making or constructing the fame, or the using, completing, and maintaining the fame, and to use, exercise, and employ, all necessary Ways and Means for conveying and bringing a sufficient Supply of Water from the said Place to the said Burgh, for the Use of the Inhabitants thereof, and the Ship-[Loc. its Per.] 7 X ping

634 48: GEORGII m. 'Cap. 41.

f»ng refsrting thereto, and from Time to Time to repair, maintain, support, and continue the fame according to the Tenor, and Effect, and true Intent and Meaning hereof, and also to make, maintain, repair and alter any Fences, Passages, Bridges, or Arches which may be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, and from Time to Time to make, construct, and erect, and to repair and maintain any Wells or Citterns, in any of the Streets, Lanes, or Places in the said Burgh, for the commonSup. ply of the Inhabitants thereof; and any Basons, Main Pipes, Rider Pipes, Hand Pipes, Stand Pipes, Service Pipes, Branches of Lead, and other Metal Cocks, Chamber Cocks, Cocks in common, Stock Cocks, Valves, Fire Plugs, Air Plugs, Fire Cocks, Bores, Mains, Ferriers, Feeders, Tampers. Drains, Pumps, Sluices, and other Works and Devices, as they shall think proper, and for all or any of the Purposes of this Act, to break up and remove the Soil, Potts, Kirbs, Bulk-heads, Bars, Sewers, Drains, Pavements, and gravelled and other Ways, of any of the present and future Roads, Streets, Squares, Lanes, Passages, Alleys, public Courts, Footways, public Quays, Closes, and public Places, and to enter into any private Lands or Grounds, within the said Burgh and Parts adjacent, and to dig and fink Trenches, and lay Pipes, and put Stop Cocks, Chamber Cocks, Fire Cocks, Fire Plugs, and Branches, from such Pipes in such Places, for the laying and fixing such Pipes, and all such other Matters and Things, in such Places and in such Manner as they shall judge necessary for distributing and conveying such Water to the said Wells or Citterns or the respective Houses, Offices, and other Tenements of the said Inhabitants of the said Burgh, and for that Purpose to erect standard or upright Pipes, on the Sides or Gavels of any Tenement or Building, to supply any Inhabitant of any of the Stories or Floors thereof with Water, and to build up or surround the fame with a Coveting of Timber, Stone, or Brickwork, or other Building for preserving the fame: Provided the said Magistrates and Council do not stop up any Window, or Light of any Proprietor, without his Consent, by the said upright Pipes, or Buildings for preserving the fame, and from'l ime to Time as Occasion may require to alter the Postion of, and to repair, relay, and maintain, such Pipes, Stop Cocks, and Air Plugs, and Machinery, and to do all other Acts, Matters, and Things, which shall from Time to Time be necessary or proper for completing and amending, repairing and improving, and for using the Works authorized by this Act to be done, in relation to the supplying the Paid Burgh and Shipp ng resorting to the said Harbour with Water, and provided for the Purposes, and according to the true Intent and Meaning hereof; they, the said Magistrates and Council, their Deputies, Agents, Servants, and Workmen, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the several Powers to them hereby granted, making Satisfaction in the Manner herein-after mentioned, to the Owners and Proprietors of, and all Persons interested in, the Lands, Tenemen s, and Heritages respectively, which shall be used for the Purposes aforesaid, or injured in Value by Means of the Powers hereby granted, or which shall be by them sustained, by reason of all or any of the Powers of this Act.

pi n <trp >r.t'd

XXXVI. And whereas a Map or Plan, describing the Places from whence

with the ancj the Manner in which Water is to be conveyed into the said Burgh,

Peice 011 ’* hath been paired with the Clerk of the Peace of the County of Inverness $ be it enacted, That such Map or Plan shall remain in the Custody of the said Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, or his De-

3 ' puty}

635

48° GEORGII in Cap. 4.x.

puty; and all Persons interested therein shall, at all reasonable Times, have Liberty to inspect and peruse the fame, and take a Copy thereof, or any Part thereof, paying the Sum of One Shilling to the Clerk of the Peace, or his Deputy, for every such Inspection; and that the said Magistrates and Council shall not, in making such Reservoirs, and bringing Water into the said Burgh as aforesaid, deviate more than Twenty Yards, of Three Feet each, from the Scite of the said Springs, or the Course in which the Water is to be conveyed therefrom into the said Burgh as aforesaid, as described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation, in Writing, of the Person or Persons, Body Politic or C.oiporate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made*

XXXVII. Provided always, andbeit enacted, That nothing hereincontainftl "°dy "rertrf

shall authorize or empower the said MagistratesandCouncil, or any Person or and Garden Persons acting by and under their Authority, to take, use, injure or damage 19

any Hgufe or ether Building which was created or built on or before the passing of this Act, or any Land or Ground which, on or before the passing of this Act was set apart and used as or for a Yard, Park, Paddock, Garden, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof for the Time being: Provided also, That the said Magistrates and Council shall not be reltrained from erecting Standard or Upright Pipes on the Sides or Gavels of any Tenement or Building, to supply any Inhabitant of any Story or Floor thereof, with Water in the Manner herein-before directed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Inhabitant of the said Pub,'£ We,t Burgh, and the Crews of all Vefieh frequenting the said Harbour, shall w"t rf»ay be have free Access to every Well or Ciltern erected or placed in any public conveyed to Street, Lane, or Place in the said Burgh, so as to take Water therefrom, Jihabiw* at such Times as the said Magistrates and Council shall direct Water

to be supplied therefrom, which shall be at lealt Ten Hours in every Day, Accidents, and the Time when the said Wells or Cilterns shall be repairing excepted, and if any Inhabitant of the said Burgh, shall be dtlirous of having the Witer laid into his or her Houses or Oflices, such Inhabitant is hereby authorized and emppvvered, at his or her own Expence (having first obtained the Consent in Writing, of the said Magistrates and Council), to open the Ground between the Pipes laid by the said Magistrates and Council, and the respective Houses, Brew-houses. Manufactories, or Oflices of such Inhabitant, and to lay Leaden or other Pipes (the Bore thereof to be ascertained by the said Magistrates and Council), from such respective Houses, Brewhouses, Manufactories, or Oflices, to communicate with the Pipes laid by the said Magnates and Council, in any Road, Street, Lane, Passage, or Place within the said Burgh, such Inhabitant, making Satisfaction in the Manner directed by this Act, to the Owners and Occupiers of and Persons interested in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements or Heritages, which shall or may be injured by such Inhabitant, and also paying to the said Magistrates and Council, Yearly, Quarterly, or Monthly, such Sum or Sums of Money lor such Water, as shall be mutually agreed upon between them; and in case of Default in Payment of any such Sum or Sums uf Money so agreed to be paid as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful Lr the said Mjgiltrates and Council to cause the Pipe or Pipes belonging

to '

636

Bill Cocks to be provided

in Citterns.

PrnslI) for injuring Hie Water.

Pcftil'y for inienUp'ing Workmen.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

tc the Person or Persons making such Default, and communicating wifft any main Pipe or Pipes laid by the said Magistrates and Council, to be fepamted from the said Pipe or Pipes with which the same shall so communicate, and to cause the Water to be flropped from issuing or running into the House, Office. Work, or Manufactory, of every Person making such Default, and that the Sum or Sums of Mnney which shall be due and in Arrear from such Person or Persons to the said Magistrates and Council, shall and may be recovered by them, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Persons liable to pay the fame, in the same Manner as Rents payable by any Lease may by Law be recovered; and if any Person shall lay, or cause to be laid, any leaden or other Pipe to communicate with any main Pipe or other Pipe, laid by the said Magistrates and Council, without such Consent being obtained, as aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay to the said Magistrates and Council, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day such Pipe shall so remain: Provided always, that such Inhabitants of the said Burgh, as shall have laid Leaden Pipes, as aforesaid, shall be at liberty to remove and take away the fame, and the Cocks thereto belonging.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, Thatevery Person or Persons contracting with the said Magistrates and Council for the Supply of Water, shall in every Water Butt, Cistern, or Receptacle for Water, to be provided by the said Parties so contracting with the said Magistrates and Council, attach and fix a Ball Cock or other fel f-acting Coi k to the Pipe conveying Water front the Pipes laid by the said Magistrates and Council, into such Butt, Cistern, or other Receptacle, and to repair and renew the same as often as shall be necessary, in order to prevent the Water running to waste, when such Butt, Cistern, or other Receptacle, shall be full; and such Person or Persons neglecting to attach and fix, or to repair and renew such Ball or self-acting Cock, shall forfeit to the said Magistrates and Council, a S' m r.ot exceeding Five Pounds for every Offence, and the authorised Servant or Servants of the said Magistrates and Council, shall have free Access (at all feafcnable Times) to the Premises so to be supplied as aforesaid, to fee that such Call Cocks are kept in proper and sufficient Repair and Condition.

XL. And, in OTder toprefirvethe Water'tobe conveyed into the said Burgh pure and wholesome; be it ensfted, That no Person shall bathe in any of the said Reservoirs or Basons, or Wash any Dogs or other Animals therein, or cast, throw, or put any Dog or Cat or othei Filth, Dirt, or any noisome or offensive Thing, or wash or clean any Cloth, or any Wool, Cotton, Linen, Leather, or any noisome or offensive Thing, in any of the said Reservoirs or Basons, or suffer the Water of any Sink, Sewer, or Drain to run or be conveyed into the fame, or into any of the said Pipes, or cause any other Annoyance to be done to the said Water thereof, upon Pain ot forfeiting to the said Magistrates and Council, ior every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That ifany Person shall wilfully or mail-cioully hinder or inlerrupt ihe Magistrates and Council, or their Depuiies, Agents, Workmen, or Servants, or any of them, in doing and performing any of the Wotks, or in exercise of any of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted, or shall in any wise cause or procure

637

4&* GEORGII III. Cap.+i.

the time to be done, every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forieit and pay to the Paid Magistrates and Council, or to the proptr Person or Persons by them authorised in that Behalf, any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds j and also the full Amount of the Damage which shall be sustained by such Hind ance or Interruption.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully or t ensity for maliciously break, throw down, damage or destroy any Works to be ertft- th*

edand made by virtue of this Act. or any Matter or Thing which shall be made, provided, ot procured for the Purposes of this Act or any of the Materials used or provided for the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay to the Paid Magistrates and Council, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and also the full Amount of the Damage.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall keep in any R;!!lli,t;on, House, Shop, CellaT, or Warehouse, within the Paid Burgh, at anyoneTime, as Co Gun-more than Four Pounds Weight of Gunpowder, but shall deposit all P wJcr Gun-powder exceeding the Quantity aforesaid, in a Magazine or Store-house at a convenient Diltanee from the said Burgh, to be appointed by the said Magistrates and Council, who are hereby authorized and empowered to build and maintain such Magazine or Store-house, and every Person having in his or her Custody more than Four Pounds Weight of Gunpowder as aforesaid, shall pay to the said Magistrates and Council a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, for every Pound of Gunpowder in his, her, or their Custody, beyond Four Pounds as aforesaid, besides forfeiting all such Gunpowder, and paying all Damages that may be occasioned thereby.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid Quantity of Four Dthfr Rf Pounds Weight of Gunpowder shall be deposited in a Place by itself, Utbns in ' separate from all other Goods and Commodities, and shall be secured by rcg:,r‘i a Lock and Key, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds, to be paid Gd"?ow tr-to the said Magistrates and Council, for each Offence: Provided always, that the Commanding Officer of any of His Majesty's Troops quartered in the said Burgh, may at all Times direct such a Quantity of Gunpowder as he may think necessary for the Use of the said Troops, or other Military Purposes, to be kept in such Place or Places within the said Burgh as shall be appointed by the said Magistrates and Council, who, upon his Application, shall be obliged to appoint a proper Place for that Purpose.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the M ... said Magistrates and Council, from Time to Time to make, and afterwards to

to alter, such Rules, Orders, and Regulations as they shall think proper, n,a*'eRu,e!> for the depositing such Gunpowder in such Magazine as aforesaid, and Reg*i*‘t’i,d for removing such Gunpowder therefrom; and also for the due and rebtireto the proper Adminrstration and Management of the Police, and the Preservation remora"* "d of the Peace within the said Burgh, and to enforce the Performance of Gunpo»,i«r, such Rules, Orders and Regulations, by moderate Fines and Penalties, o{ldh,h| Pol.'ce not exceeding the Amount in the same Manner, and subject to the fame ‘

[Lee. & Per.J 7 T pro.

638

Maglftratt; authorized to acquire, and Bodies Pclate rmpcwered to fell ami convey Lands.

Satisfaction to be made.

If Patties can. not agree. Price to be settled by a

Jury*

48° GEORGII III. Gap.4.r.

Provisions, and Power of Appeal which are by this Act authorized and directed in the Cafe of Rules, Orders, and Regulations, made for the Preservation of the said Harbour.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Magistrates and Council to acquire, and for all Bodies Politic Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Heirs of Entail, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Feoffees inTruft for charitable and other PurposeSjCommittees, Tutors and Curators for Lunatics and furious Persons, Executors and Administrators, and all other Tutors and Curators, Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trufis, or those for whom they are Trustees or Guardians, wheth r Infants, Iflqe unborn, Lunatics, Ideots, married Women, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all married Women who are or shall be seized, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Terce, Fine, or other Interest therein, and for every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, are, or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Heiitages which shall be necessary for any of the Purposes of this Act, to contract for, fell, and convey the fame, and every Part thereof, unto the said Magistrates and Council, and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Persons whomsoever are hereby authorized and required to convey the fame, and are hereby indemnified for what they shall respectively do in Relation to any such Saie, which he, flic, they, or any of them, shall make by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustees or other Persons herein before enabled to fell or convey Lands, Tenemen s, and other Heritages, or any other Owner or Owners, and the Occupier or Occupiers of any such Lands, Tenements, or other Heritages, may and shall accept and receive Satisfaction for the Value of such Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Heritages, and for the Damages to be Curtained by making, completing, maintaining, and supporting the said Works herein-before directed, in such Manner as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Parties interested respectively, or any of them, and the said Magistrates and Council, or some Person or Persons authorized by them for that Purport: j and in case the said Magistrates and Council, or such Person or Persons, and the said Parties interested in such Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Waters, or other Heritages, cannot agree as to the Amount or Value of such Satisfaction, the same shall be ascertained and settled by the Verdict ot a Jury of Fifteen Persons, to be summoned and chosen by the Sheriff of the said County of Inverness, and which such Sheriff is hereby required to summon and choose in the Manner in which Juries are or may be summoned and chosen by Sheriffs of Counties in Scotland, and the said Sheriff may order and authorize the said Jury, or any Five or more of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matter or Matters in Question, which Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Sheriff

is

639

V. t

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

is hereby required to administer) shall esquire of, assess, and ascertain the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, or other Heritages, or the Recompence to be made for the Damages that shall or may be fuitained as aforesaid, and shall assess separate Damages for the fame, and the said Sheriff shall give Judgement for such Purchase Monies or Recompence so to be assessed by such Jury; which said Verdict, and the Judgement thereupon pronounced as aforesaid, shall be signed by the said Sheriff, and shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, against all Bodies Politic and Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Persons, and shall not be liable to Review by Advocation, Suspension, Reduction, or otherwise, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That whensoevera Jury is or shall be called by the Sheriff as aforesaid, or any Witness or Witnesses is, are, or shall be examined by and before the said Sheriff and Jury as herein directed, the said Sheriff shall, and he is hereby required, according to his Discretion, to give and award to each of the said Jurors and Witnesses, in every such Case, such several and respective Sum and Sums of Money, as shall be a reasonable Recompence for the Expence and Trouble of their Journey and Attendance, and in each and every Cafe where a Verdict shall be given for more Money, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the absolute Sale of any Lands, Grounds, Waters, Tenements, or other Heritages, of any Person or Persons whomsoever, or as a Compensation for any Damage done or to be done, to such Lands, Tenements, or other Heritages, or other Property, where such Sum so awarded shall be more than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Magistrates and Council, or where any VerdiQ shall be found for any Damages, where the Dispute is for Damages only, and where no Compensation had been previously offered or tendered in respect thereof, by and on Behalf of the said Magistrates and Council, or where, by reason of Absence in Foreign Countries, or other Impediments and Disability as aforesaid, there shall not be found any Person or Persons at hand who may be legally capacitated to enter into a Contract with, and make Conveyances to, and receive Compensation from the said Magistrates and Council, as herein-before mentioned, then and in all such Cases, all the Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, shall be settled by the said Sheriff, and be defrayed by the said Magistrates and(CounciI; but if any Verdict shall be given for the Sum that had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Magistrates and Council, or for a less Sum than had been so previously offered, or in case no Damages shall be given by the Verdict where the Dispute is for Damages only, or in case of such Refusal to enter into Treaty with, or make Conveyances to, or receive Compensations from the said Magistrates and Council, by any Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are by the Provisions of this Act, or otherwise, enabled to treat and convey, or receive such Compensations as aforesaid, then, and in all such Cases (except where by reason of Absence or otherwise, any Person shall have been prevented from treating and agreeing as aforesaid), the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, shall be settled in like Manner by the said

Sheriff,

Exoerces of Witnesses and Jury by whom to be paid.

640 ~ 48°GERC;iI III. Cap. 41.

Sheriff, and be borne and paid by the Person or Persons wich whom the said Magistrates and Council, or those acting in their Behalf, shall have such Concerns, Controversies, or Disputes, which said Colts and Expences having been so settled, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so act'effect and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums of Money shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assesseJ and adjudged.

Pe Com re-

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons ?o enter i"oA making Complaint, and requelling a Jury to be summoned, shall (before Bonds’o piv- the said Sheriff shall issue out his Warrant for that Purpose) enter into a frcute. Bond, with Two Sureties, to the said Magistrates and Council, in a Penalty of Double the Sum demanded by such Person or Persons, with Condition to prosecute his, her, ot their laid Complaint, and to bear and pay the Colls and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking loch Verdict, in case the same shall be given for no greater Sum, or for a iefs Sum than had been offered by and on Behalf of the said Magistrates and Council, for the Purclvafe of or as a Recompence for any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Waters, or Heritages, or as a Compensation for any Damages; or in case no Verdict shall be found for Damages, where the whole Dispute was whether any Damage was or was not done as aforesaid.

No*,c'tjbe"' L. And be it further enacted, That no Sheriff shall be obliged or al-gK-en to the lowed, by virtue of this Act, to receive or take Notice of any Complaint uBc rats*l or Complaints to be made by any Person or Persons whomsoever for any before com- Injury or Damage by him, her, or them sustained, or supposed to be fuf-plair.t made «o tained, by virtue or in consequence of this Act, unit's Application shall the sheriff. j,avc jjCen maje jn relation thereto by or on Behalf of such Person or Persons to the said Magistratis and Council, Ten Day's at the lead before such Complaint shall be made to the said Sheriff within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the Time that such supposed Injury or Damage shall have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have teased.

ventift as to

LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Juries respectively shall Value of award all Determinations, Judgement', and Verdicts which they shall Damages?to respectiv.ly make and give in the Execution of the Powers hereby veiled be ascertaintd ;n them concerning the Value ol Lands, Tenements and other Heritages fepaiately. separately and distinctly from the Consideration of any other Damage sustained or to be lultained by any Person or Persons in consequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, and shall distinguish the Value set upon the Lands, Tenements, and other Heritages, and the Money assessed or adjudged for such Damages as aforesaid separately and apart from each other.

Verdict to be

LII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Verdict shall be worded. Wt by the Sheriff Clerk, or other Person having the Custody of the

641

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

the Records of the Sheriff Court of the County of Inverness, and the fame, or true Copies thereof, fh.il! be allowed to be pood Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the fame, paying for such Inspection the Sum of Sixpence, and to have Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and lo in Proportion for a less Number of Words.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or ^umpenra-awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, purchased, ,ion Money taken, or uled by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes »h,*c':ed' thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life Rents, An- ',1°' nuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, o the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages /landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Courr, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, rtood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages, fc hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

L.IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so if under 2oo). agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages and lbov« *o1-purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents [Loc. fcf Per.'] 7 Z and

Hi 4&° GEORGII III. Gap.^i*

and Profits of the Heritages so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, to be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his, her, or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Five Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Magistrates and Council, (fu-h Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, as far as the Case be applicable,

wh«rt under

LV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so

joi. agreed or awarded to be paid as next before-mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Magistrates and Council, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tu ors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of not making out Title*; or it Person* cannot be found, Purchase Money tobe paid into the Bank,

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Magistrates and Council, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages be not known or discoversd, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Magistrates and Council to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages (defctibing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and in vested in the public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, 1 itle or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts z for

48d GEORGII Hi. C*p4i.

for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Ouedion shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Rents or Profits thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Teste-ments, or Heritages at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Person3, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court, and the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages to be purchased with such Money, and also the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages so purchased shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason Expence? of of any Disabdity or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled toany Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased under iheCouit. the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks or either of thrm, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, of so much of such Expence* as the Court shall deem reasonable to be paid by the said Magistrates and Council, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sum or Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court Brail direct.

LIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That upon Payment or legal powtr to en. Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall have been contracted tersndta<e or agreed for between the Parties, or as shall have been ascertained and settled by the Verdict of a Jury, for the Purchase of any such Lands, on Payment Springs, Tenements, or other Heritages, or as a Recompence for the °rf p'rrc*'lc yearly Produce or Profits thereof, or as a Compensation for Damages as Money, herein mentioned to the Proprietor of* Proprietors of such Lands, Springs,

Tenements, or other Heritages, or to such other Person or Persons as Hull be interested therein, or entitled to receive such Money or Compensation respectively at any Time after the same shall have been so agreed for or offered; or if the Person or Persons so entitled or interested, or any of them, cannot be found, or shall refuse to receive the same, then and in

all

645

In Cafes of questionable Title, Possessor to he deemed so have a Title until the contrary shall be shewn-

Assessir.ent to be levied and applied for the bringing in of Wat*r, and building; powder Magazine.

Money may He borr wed on the C' edit of the Assess-

ment j

To be paid offb, Means of a Sinking Fund.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

all or any of the said Cafes, it shall and may be lawful to and for thfe said Magistrates and Council, and their Agents, Workmen, and Setvants, immediately to enter upon such Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Waters, and other Heritages respectively, (or before such Payment or Tender, by Leave of the Owners or Occupiers thereof, signified in Writing, but not otherwise), and then and thereupon such Lauds and Grounds, Springs, Tenements, and other Heritages, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estates, Use, Trust, and Interest of any Person or Persons therein, shall from thenceforth be veiled in and become the sole Property of the said Magistrates and Council, to and for the Purposes of this Act for ever; and which Tender, Payment, Investment, or Deposit, shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Demand of every other Person whatsoever: Provided also, that before such Payment, Security, Tender, Investinent, or Deposit as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the said Magistrates and Council, or any Person acting under their Authority, to dig or cut the Lands or Grounds, or to take down, remove, or otherwise affect any Tenement or other Heritage of the Person or Persons entitled to such Payment or Security for the Purposes of this Act, without the Leave and Consent in Writing of such Person or Persons respectively.

LX. And, in order to defray the Expence attending the Execution of this Act. in the bringing in of Water to the said Burgh, and the erecting of the said Powder Magazine as aforesaid; be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Magistrates and Council to levy from each and every Occupier of a Hotife, Tenement, or other Building, Grounds, or other Heritage, as well within the hereby newly extended as the antienc Royalty of the said Burgh, a yearly Assessment, not exceeding the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound, of the actual yearly Rent payable by such Occupier, which Assessments shall be levied by the Collector of the Cess within the said Burgh, and paid by every such Occupier in the same Manner, and at the same Time, as the Cess of the said Burgh is levied and paid, which Assessment shall be applied towards the bringing in of Water to the said Burgh, and building the said Powder Magazine, and other Expences attending the fame, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

LXI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Magistrates and Council to borrow Money upon the Credit of the said Assessment, and to assign the said Assessment in Security of the Money so borrowed, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Five thousand Pounds Sterling.

LXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That a Sum at least equal to One Half of the Amount of the Interest of the Money so to be borrowed, shall be set apart yearly and every Year as a Sinking Fund, to pay off the Principal; and such Sum so to be set apart every Year, shall be lodged with the Bank of Scotland, or the British Linen Company, at

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 41. 645

their respective Offices iu Inverness, upon a Note or Notes payable to the said Magistrates and Council, bearing the highest Interest allowed by such^feank' for Money lodged with them, and to be renewed from Time to Time,' fc that the Interest may be added to the Principal, and bear such Interest therewith, until a Fund shall be raised sufficient to pay off the Money so borrowed, which it shall and may be lawful for the said Magistrates to pay off from Time to Time, as they may be enabled so to do, by means of the said Sinking Fund.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Affluent for Magistrates and Town Council, and they ate hereby authorised and em- l.!£ht,"Sth8 powered to levy from the Inhabitants, as well within the hereby new extended as the ancient Royalty of the said Burgh, a yearly Assessment, not exceeding the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, to be by them applied towards lighting the Streets of the antient and extended Royalty of the said Burgh, and to no other Purpose whatsoever; and which Sum so to be levied shall be laid on in the same Manner, and levied by the fame Means, as the Cess or Stent of the said Burgh is in use to be laid on and levied: Provided always, Thatdiltinft and separate Accounts shall be Accounts to kept of each of the said Assessments, and of the Application thereof to the be kept’ Purposes to which each Assessment is hereby directed to be applied; which Accounts shall at all reasonable Times be open to the Inspection of any Person or Persons subject to the Payment thereof, paying the Sum of Sixpence for each Inspection, to whom Extracts or Copies of all or any Part of either of the said Accounts shall be furnished when required, at an Expence not exceeding Sixpence for each One hundred Words of such Extiaft or Copy.

LXIV. Provided alfoj and be it enacted, Thatj such and the like Applica* Alcertainwg tion may be made to the said Court of Selfiort, or to the said Court of Ex- ‘[)e Amount chequer, by any Three of such Persons, in such and the like Manner, °* Allc"mcilts-and such and the like Procedure shall take place for ascertaining the Amount of each or either of the said Assessments, and the due Application thereof; and the fame may be lowered and again raised, in the Manner herein-before directed, in the Cafe of any Application to the said Courts respectively, relating to the said Pontage.

EXV. And be it enacted, That all Damages, Fines, Penalties, and Recovery of Forfeitures, sustained or incurred under this Act, shall and may be ftnaiiies, and sued for and recovered, in such and the same Manner as any Debt Adtlon! 0' °* may be sued for and recovered in Scotland: Provided always, that such Damages, Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, shall be sued for within Six Months after the same shall have been respectively sustained or incurred.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures reco- a opt orton of vered under the Authority of this Act, shall severally be applied towards Penalti«-defraying the Expence attending the Execution thereof in the several Matters and Things, touching which such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall have been incurred.

[Lee. £tf Per.] 8 A

64 6

Expences of Ike AS.

Publii Act.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That the Charges and Expences attending the Execution of this Act, shall be defrayed in equal Proportions, out of the Monies arising from the Pontage of the said Bridge, over the River Nefs, the Rates and Duties of the said Harbour, and the said Assessment.

LXVIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others without being specially pleaded.

SCHEDULES

48° GEORG 11 IIL Cap^U

6 47

SCHEDULES to which this Act refers.

SCHEDULE (A.)

Street between Grey Friars and the Maggot.

PROPRIETORS.

Catharine Frafer Mackintosh, Jameson, and Co. Francis Frafer Alexander Frafer, Minister

OCCUPIERS.

Andrew Munro James M‘DonaId William Ferrier Alexander M‘Leay William Munro John M‘Pherson Nelly Jack, alias Gilmour George Urquhart Marjory M'Conochie John M'Culloch David Mackintosh George M‘Kenzie Colin Forfyth John Stephen Donald Kennedy Isabel M‘Rae, alias Widow Robert son Margaret Junor, alias Cameron Alexander Young

SCHEDULE (B.)

Communication from the Street,

PROPRIETORS.

James Blair Alexander Frafer Major William Campbell James Murray

New Street to Church See.

OCCUPIERS.

John M'Arthur John Frafer Roderick Williamson Duncan Geddes James Robertson Farquhar M‘Tavifli Lockhart Kinloch.

Alexander Davidson Duncan Grant John Chilholm John Cameron Donald Frafer John Cameron,

and-----Sinclairs

Mary Mc Phail

648

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 41

SCHEDULE (C.)

Improvement of Church Street.

PROPRIETORS.

William Geddes Alexander Jenkins

OCCUPIERS.

Alexander M'Gillivray Charles Forbes John Stewart Smith and Taylor

SCHEDULE (D.) Improvement of Bridge Street, &c.

PROPRIETORS.

OCCUPIERS.

William Grant William Tolmie

Simon M‘Lean

Marjory Tolmie

Roderick Noble

William M‘Beth

William Cameron

Alexander Suter

Duncan Shaw, Taylor

Finlay M'Gillivray

Duncan Cameron

Amelia Munro, alias Mathefon

SCHEDULE (E.)

New Street, behind East Street, Sec

PROPRIETORS.

Simon Frafer Simon Jack John M‘Arthur Donald M'Phail John Anderson Donald M‘Kenzie William M‘Kay, deceased Alexander Fral'er, deceased Col. Baillie of Leys

OCCUPIERS.

Donald M‘Guirman Campbell Mackintosh George Urquhart Alexander M'Kenzie Alexander Mackintosh Andrew Kemp Donald M‘Phail Evan M‘Kenzie

4#‘ GEORGII III. Cap. ii.

SCHEDULE (F.J Rates to be Levied.

The following Goods, not paying according to the Barrel Bulk, to be charged any Sum not exceeding the Rates annexed thereto respectively, viz.

649

Scotch Coal per Ton

English ditto per Chalder of 12 Bar.

Lime in Shells per ditto -

Ditto flacked per ditto

Meal per Boll of 9 Stone

Malt per Boll -

Grain of every Kind per Boll

Salt foreign and native per Chalder

Bark per Cwt.

Tyles per 1000 -

Bricks per ditto < -

Slates per ditto -

Stones for building per Ton

Ox, Cow, and Hoise Hides in the Hair, wet or dry, each

Potatoes per Boll

Peats per Cart exported or imported

Sheep Skins in the Hair, i r» . , f

Hare, Kid, and Lamb in ditto. £P" Dozen exported or

Goat and other Skins in ditto, J mipor e

Wool per stone of 241b. avoirdupois exported or imported

Pipe Staves per 100 of fix Score

Hogshead ditto per ditto of ditto

Barrel ditto per ditto of ditto

Birch and Fir Rails per Doz. exported or imported -

Butter per Stone of 24lbs. Avoirdupois

Cheese per Stone of ditto -

Grey Fish each Creel - 5 <5 1

Herrings each Creel - - 14; j

Large fTefh Cod and Scate per Dozen

Large dried ditto Ling and Scate per Dozen

Small dried Fish per Gross -

Onions per Peck

d.

3

4 44 2

- 8

- 6

- 3

- 6

- oi

1

c4

4

oi

- c4

2 Fish Herrings

All other Goods imported to pay according to the Barrel Built, and at the Rate of any Sum not exceeding Three Halfpence per Barrel.

[Lee. G? Per.]

8JS

All

65o

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

All Goods exported ^except where otherwise provided for) to pay One Half the Rates payable on Importation.

Persons importing or exporting Goods, not being Freemen of the Burgh of Inverness, to pay Double the above Rates;

All Articles upon which the above Rates have been severally paid when imported, may be exported without paying any further Rate under this Act; provided the same shall be exported in the fame Pack ages in which they were imported, without Bulk being broken

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strauav. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 42.

An Act for regulating the Police of the Barony of Gor-bals, in the County of Lanerk\ paving, cleaning, and lighting the Streets and Pailages thereof; erecting a Bridewell or Workhouse therein; and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[27th May 1808.]

m

WHEREAS from the great Increase of Inhabitants within the Barony of Gorbals, in the County of Lanerk, and from its

Vicinity to Glasgow, it has become necessary to provide for a regular Administration of internal Government within the said Barony: And whereas it would tend much to the Comfort and Convenience of the Inhabitants therein, were proper Regulations established for apprehending and punishing disorderly Persons, suppressing of common Beggars, removing Nuisances; paving, cleaning, and lighting the Streets and Passages; and in general, for the Preservation of Peace and good Order within the said Barony: And whereas the Erection of a Bridewell or Workhouse within the said Barony, for confining and punishing Offenders, may tend to the Suppression of early Vice and Immoralities; but as the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament j \_Loc. Err.] 8 C ‘ May

654

4S9 GEORGII III. Cap. 4*.

Foot Pavements to be made.

May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, Jq. this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Afl to extend the farpe, That the Regulations herein-after made with respect' to the overt,’e Establiftijnpnt of a General Syitem of Police, and for accomplishing »ot irony. p,ut‘p0fes nf this present Act, shall extend over the old Village of Gorbals, Hutchefonto-wn, Lawriefiewn, Tradestawn, and Kingsown, being Parts of the Barony aforesaid, and in general over the Whole and every Part of the said Barony, and also to the Bridges leading from the said City of Glasgow to the said Barony.

II. And be it enacted, That the Owners and Proprietors of all Houses and Buildings, or of Gardens or Grounds adjoining to and fronting any Street, Square, or public Place, already formed, or to be formed, within the said Barony, shall, at his, her, or their Expence, cause the Ground before their Properties respectively, where Houses or other Buildings are erected on the Sides of the said Streets, Squares, or other public or principal Places, to be brought to a proper Leygl so as to carry off the Water, and to be well and sufficiently paved with flat hewn Stone, of such Breadth, and in such Manner and Form as the Commissioners appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned (after visiting the Grounds and hearing the Parties) shall direct and appoint, the Foot Pavement in the fame Street or Square bu.g always of one Breadth; and the Breadth of the said Foot Pavement not to exceed Ten Feet in Streets of Sixty Feet wide and upwards, Eight Feet in Streets from Fifty to Sixty Feet wide. Seven Feet in Streets from Forty to Fifty Feet wide, Five Feet in Streets from Thirty to Forty Feet wide; Four Feet in Streets from Twenty to Thirty Feet wide; and in Streets Iefs than Twenty Feet wide, the Pavements shall be laid in such Form, and of such Width, as the said Commissioners may think proper to order and appoint: Provided always, that where the Owners or Proprietors are bound by their Title Deeds to make Pavements of a certain Breadth, such Title Deeds shall regulate the Commissioners in fixing the Breadth of Pavements in these particular Streets; and that it shall be in the Option of the Owners or Proprietors of such Gardens or Grounds within the said Barony, on which no Buildings are erected, either to make the Foot Pavements in Manner aforesaid, or to pave opposite their Properties with Whin Stones, leaving a fuffioient Crib Free Stone, until the lame shall be built upon, but no longer; and in Cafes where the Ground unbuilt upon may amount to or exceed One hundred Feet in Length, it shall be optional to the Owners or Proprietors to make the said Foot Paths of Gravel, having a sufficient Crib or Border Stone; and that such Parts of Foot Paths as are opposite to Wynds, Lanes, and Carts or Carriage Entries, may also, in the Option of the Proprietors, be paved with Whin Stones.

In case Proprietors refute,the Baillies tray order Foot Pavements to be made.

III. And be it enacted, That in case any such Owner or Proprietor shall refuse or neglect to cause such Ground to be paved in Manner aforesaid, within such Time as he, she, or they shall be required so to do by the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to any One or more of the Baillies of the Court of Barony and Judiciary of the Barony of Gorki is, to cause

655

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

c?lufe the same to be done at the Expence of Arch Owner or Proprietor; and in case any fir-h Owner or Proprietor shall refuse or neglect, when required, to pay the Expence of the faiilFoot Pavements, it shall and may be lawful to any One or more of the said Baillies, to decern such Expence, together with the Charges of recovering the fame, to be paid by such Owner or Proprietor, either to the Tradesrncn doing the Work, or to any Per fan authorized to receive the same in Manner herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that in every Cafe where such Owner or Proprietor shall be unable to pay the Expence of making the said Foot Pavements in one Sum, the "said Baillies may decern the-fame to be paid by such Instalments, and at such Periods, as to them shall l'eem proper.

IV. And be it erased. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Font Pave-Baillies, or any One of them, after the said Foot Pavements or Paths are howt* made by virtue of this Act, to ordain.them to be kept in proper Repair, ke k*?t m and for any One or mpre of the said Baillies, upon Complaint being made

to h'on or them by the said Commissioners", to give Decrees for the Charges and Expence of repairing, relaying, and maintaining the fame, together with the Expences of Recovery, agair.lt the Owners or Proprietors of Houses. Buildings, Gardens, and Grounds, in the fame Maimer as they arc herein-before empowered to decern for the Expence of making the said Foot Pavements,

V. And be it enacted, That when Houses, Grounds, or Buildings, jj0w Fx-belong to mere Proprietors than one, the several Proprietors shall be pmces thereof bound to cause the Ground before their respective Properties to he paved, i?be aPFor-and the Pavement to be kept in Repair in Manner aforesaid, the Expence ll0ntd-being defrayed by such Proprietors, in Proportion to the Rents of the rcrpeftive Parts of the Premises belonging to each of them, according as the fame shall at the Time stand rated in the Rent Roll herein-after mentioned; and hr case any Dispute or Difference shall nrife, among the several Proprietors of the lame House or Building, relative to their Proportions of the said Expence, it shall and may be lawful for any one of the said Baillies, to fix and ascertain the fame according to the Rate of such Rents in the said Roll; and in case of any Difference between the said Commissioners and the Proprietors of the Premises, either with tefpeft to making or keeping in Repair such Foot Pavements, or as to the Expence of the fame, it shall and may be lawful to the said Baillies, or any one of them, on a Complaint to be made to him or them, (after visiting the Premises, and hearing Parties concerned,) to determine any such Difference, which Determination shall be final and binding on all Parties.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Tenants or Occupiers of the Houses Expence, or other Buildings belonging to such Owners and Proprietors, in Default of wl’en PaiJ the Proprietors paying such Expence, and in case such Tenants or Occupiers be'^uded shall pay the Expences aforesaid (which they are hereby authorized and re- frorntheir' quired to do to the Amount of the Rents payable by them respectively,) Renu. shall be at Liberty, and they are hereby empowered to deduct and retain

out of his, her, or their Rents, such Sums of Morey as they shall respectively pay cn account of the said Pavements, for their respective Landlords, Owners, or Proprietors, who are hereby required to admit of such Deductions, any Lease or Contraft to the contrary notwithstanding.

4

656

Streets to be paved.

Hetetors to fciufeway ill Terms of their Title Deeds.

Foot Pave, roots to be fivept and cleaned.

48° GEORGII III. Cap 42.

VII. And be it enacted, That it flia.ll be lawful for, and in the Power of the said Commissioners, to direct and cause to be paved or causewayed and kept in repair, such Parts of the public Streets, Roads, Lanes, and railages within the Laid Barony (other than the Roads falling under the Manage* n ent and Direction of Trustees under the Turnpike Acts), as may be tie-cessary for the general Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Barony; and which the Owners or Proprietors of the adjoining Houses or Buildings, Gardens or Grounds, are not required or obliged to pave or cauleway and keep in repair, by the Terms of their I itle. Deeds, or by any of the Provisions of this Act.

VIII. And be it enacted, That the Owners or Proprietors of Grounds in the said Barony, who may or shall have failed to causeway the Streets therein, or any Part of the said Streets, in Terms of the Obligations expressed in their Title Deeds, shall be obliged to causewa'y the said Streets opposite to their respective Properties within Six Calendar Months after being required to do so by the said Commissioners; and in the Event of such Owners or Proprietors refusing or dclaying after Expiry of that Period, to causeway the said Streets or Parts of Streets, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies or any otic of them, (after having visited and inspected the Grounds) to ordain the same to be done at the Expence of the said Owners or Proprietors, and to issue Decrees against such Owners or Proprietors for the said Expence.

IX. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every Person or Persons who shall possess the Shops, or (where there are no Shops) the Ground Floor or Story of any Dwelling House or other Building, adjoining to and fronting the Foot Pavements within the said Barony, shall cause the fame, along the Front of his, her, or their respective Shops, Dwelling Houses, or other Buildings, to be swept, feraped, and cleaned once every lawful Day, between the Hours of Fight and Ten in the Morning, and if they fail so to do, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any One of them, to decern in a summary Manner such Occupier or Occupiers to pay a Sum not exceeeding One Shilling Sterling for each Offence, to be levied and applied in Manner liorein-after directed; and in case any Dispute shall arise amongst the Occupiers of Shops, Dwelling Houses, or Buildings adjoining the said Foot Pavements, as to cleansing, sweeping, and feraping the fame, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any one of them, to determine such Dispute; and when the Occupiers ot Shops, or Ground Floors or Stories of Dwelling Houses, fwcep, ferape, and clean the Foot Pavements in Manner aforesaid, they shall have Relief against the Inhabitants of the upper Floors or Stories for a Proportion of the Expence, corresponding to the Valuation of their respective Pof-sessions as rated in the said Rent Roll; which Proportion shall, in case of Dispute, be determined and decerned for by the Baillies, or any oiie of them: Provided always, that in case it may appear expedient to the said Commissioners to take the Charge of sweeping and cleaning the said Pavements, it shall and may be lawful for them to employ the Public Scavengers to fwcep and clean the said Pavements, and to defray the Expence thereof out of the Funds raised by virtue of this Act.

4B* GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 657

X. And be it enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, Closes to be the whole Closes, Lanes, or Thoroughfares, within the said Barony, p""^rys which are not cleaned and swept by Scavengers appointed under the lupra °‘s' Authority of this Act, shall be kept clean and clear of all Dung, Filth,

or RubWin, it the F.xperice of the several Proprietors thereof, or of the Houses anil Buildings tfieieirt, who shall cause the same to be swept and cleaned, out at leaf! Twice each Week; and in case such Closes,

Lanes, or Thoroughfares, shall not be so swept and cleaned, such Proprietors /hall. fevCrally forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be levied and applied in Manner herein-after directed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That where the said Closes, Lanes, or The whole Thoroughfares, or Hotifes and Buildings therein, belong to more Proprie- Proprietors , tors than one, the several Proprietors thereof shall be obliged to defray "n_T'^utc the Expence of sweeping and cleaning the said Closes, Lanes, or Thorough- l[ie u0fes. fares, in Proportion to the Value of their respective Properties; and in case

any Dispute or Difference shall occur among such Proprietors relative to

their Proportion of the said Expence, it shall and may be lawful to the said BailLtes, or any One of them, after hearing the Parties concerned, by

a Decree, to be pronounced by him or them, to determine the Amount

and Proportion to be paid by each Proprietor, and to decern for the fame

in a summary Manner; which Determination shall be final and binding

upon the Parties: Provided always, that when any One or more of such Proviso as to

Proprietors are, by their Title Deeds, or otherv ife, burthened with the t,oPc wl'° are

Expence of sweeping and cleaning the said Closes, Lanes, or Thorough- th*ir Title

fares, he, fire, or they, shall still continue to be subject to that Burthen. Deeds to

:; mil f,;! f,n clean Closes.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commis- Power to sioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to ceritrad with and emP,oy Sca-employ Scavengers or other Persons to cleanse and sweep the Streets, Squares, venEer* and other public Places within the Barony, ("except the Foot Pavements,

in case it shall not appear expedient to the said Commissioners to employ the public Scavengers to sweep and clean the said Foot Pavements as herein-before provided), and also those Parts of the said Foot-paths which are made with Whin Stones, and immediately to order all Soil, Dirt, Ashes, and Filth to be removed therefrom, and to collect the fame into Heaps, and afterwards to carry the same to such Place or Places as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and to sell and dispose of such Soil, Dirt, Ashes, and Filth to such Person or Persons as may be desirous to purchase the lame; the Money thence arising being always applied towards the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that the Expence of employing the said Scavengers or other Persons, shall be defrayed from the Funds to be levied in Manner herein-after directed.

XIII. And be it enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall Dung to be lay or cause to be laid on any of the Streets or Public Ways within the said removed from Barony, any Dung, for the Purpose of carrying the same to adjacent ll‘e StreeU-Grounds, shall remove and take the fame away before Twelve of the Clock

ol the Day, on which it shall be so laid in the said Streets or Public Ways, from the First Day of Nov.mber to the First Day of April, and before Ten of the Clock of the Day from the First Day of April to the First Day of November; and if any Ashes or Dung shall be allowed to remain cn any Part of the said Strees or Public Ways after the said Hours, it shall [Loc. (sf iVr.] 8 D and

658

And the Foct Pavements to be cleaned immediately.

Power to make Common Sewers.

Penalties on Persons ob-flrucling the Foot Pavements.

+8* GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

and may be lawful for the said Baillics, or any One of them, to decern the Person or Persons so offending to pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling, for such Offence, to be levied and applied as herein-after directed, and that over and above the Forfeiture of the Dung itself, which shall be fold, and the Price applied in the fame Maimer as the Penalty.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Persons employed in carrying or wheeling the said Dung to the Streets, shall be obliged to fwetp, Jcrape, and cleanse the Foot Pavements and Streets over which the Dung shall have been carried or wheeled, immediately after they shall have finished their Work, under a Penalty not exceeding One Shilling Sterling for each Offence, to be levied and applied in Manner herein-alter directed.

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for, and in the Power of the said Commissioners, to make or cause to be made Common Sewers, Drains, and Watercourses, for draining and can ring away the Water from the Roads, Streets, Squares, Lanes, and Passages, made and to be made within the said Barony: Provided always, that the said Common Sewers, Drains, and Watercourses, shall be covered over in a sufficient and substantial Manner, and that all Damages done or occasioned by making or repairing the fame, shall be paid by the said Commissioners to the Person or Persons interested, from the Funds to be raised by virtue of this Act; and in case of Difference between the said Con niissioners and such Person or Persons reipetting the Amount of such Damages, the same shall be ascertained by Decrees to be proncunced by the Sheriff Depute of the County of Lanerk, or his Substitute, who are hereby authorized and required to hear the Parties, and to decern for the same.

XVI. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall carry, run, drive, draw, or cause to be carried, run, driven, or drawn on any of the Foot Pavements within the said Barony, any Bier, Sledge, or Wheelbarrow, Wheel or Wheels, or any Coach, Sedan Chair, Waggon, Cart, or Carriage whatever, except directly across the fame, or shall wilfully lead, ride, or drive any Horse, Mule, Afs, or other Cattle, (except when going directly across the said Foot Pavements, to or from Stables or Cow-houses), upon any Part of the said Foot Pavements, or shall throw or call any Dirt, Dung, Ashes, or Rubbish, into or upon the fame, or shall roll any Barrels, Hogsheads, or C.asks, empty or full, along the said Foot Pavements for any Distance whatever, (excepting directly across to or from Shops, Cellars, or Warehouses.) or shall roll any such Barrel, Ilogf-head, or Cask, along any of the Public Streets, Squares, and Places within the said Barony, except from Shops, Cellars, or Warehouses, directly to such Carts or Carriages as they are to be loaded upon, or from such Carts or Carnages as they' have been loaded upon, directtly to the Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, or other Places in Which they are to bedepo-sited, (not exceeding Twenty Yards in any Case) then it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall lee any sudi Offence committed to seize, and for any Person or Persons to affiftin seizing such Offender or Offenders, and by Authority of this Act, without any o'.hcr Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her, or rhein to a Peace Officer, in order to be taken before any one of the said Baillies; and it shall and may be lawful to such Baillie, upon Information of such Offence being made to him by any Person

r. 9f

659

48° GEORGII III. Cep. 4 2.

or Persons, to issue his Warrant or Order, to bring before him the Party or Parties so accused; and if he, she, or they, tliall be convicted of any such Offence, either by his, her, or their own Confession, or by legal Evidence, every such Offender shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding One Shilling for the First Offence, Two Shillings and Sixpencessor the Second Offence, and Five Shillings Sterling for the Third and every subsequent Offence; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not, upon such Conviction, immediately pay such Penalty, the said Baillie is hereby authorized and required to commit him, her, or them to Prison, for any Time not exceeding Two Days unless such Penalty, and the Charges occasioned thereby, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XVII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall place, or No Goods, bring out on any Street or Foot Pavement, either on Stalls or otherwise, &c- he within the said Ba.ony, any Goods, Commodities, Provisions, or other g*0^ (,°e Matter or Thing whatsoever, and shall expose the fame for Sale or Show streets, on such Streets or Foot Pavements, or‘on the Walls of Houses, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling; and if the said Penalty shall not be immediately paid, and the said Articles removed, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any One of them, to cause the Goods, Commodities, and other Tilings to be removed, taken away, and deposited in such Place or Places as he or they shall direct, there to remain until the Offender or Offenders shall have paid the Penalty, with the Charges and Expences attending such Removal.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the Outside said Baillies, or any Two of them, within the said Barony, and they are Staiis, &c. to hereby empowered, upon Application or Complaint being made to them bc r£moved* by the Commissioners herein-after appointed, (after inspecting the Pre-

mises and hearing the Parties concerned), to order, by a Decree under their Hands, the Proprietors of Houses, or other Buildings, fronting any of the Streets of the said Barony, to remove, or cause to be removed and taken away, within a reasonable Time, ail OutTftairs, Out-Ihots, Buildings,

Erections, Sign Polls, and other Things whatsoever, which project upon, or tend to obstruct the free Passage of the said Streets and Foot Pavements, or which project or extend beyond the proper Line or Breadth; and if within the Time specified in such Decrees, the said Out flairs, Out-(hots.

Buildings, Erections, Sign Polls, and other Things, be not taken away, the Owner of such House or Building to which the fame may be annexed or belong, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings Sterling, and so toiies quo tier for every Month after such Decree, during which the said Out-Hairs, Out-lhots, Buildings, or other Projections shall remain; the said Fines to be levied and applied in Manner hereinafter directed: Provided always, that in case the aforesaid Obstructions shall not-be removed within Three Calendar Months after the Decree decerning them to be removed has been intimated to such Proprietors, then it shall be lawful to the said Baillies, or any Two or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, to order the same to be removed Brevi manuand that when such Out-stairs, Out-lhots, Buildings, and Erections, shall be removed under the Authority of this Act, for the Purpol’e of public Convenience and Accommodation, the Expence attending the fame, and Damage occasioned to the Proprietor, shall be defrayed from the Funds arising under this Act.

66o

Proviso as to Out-Hairs.

No Houses to be thatched with Straw.

Baillics authorized to line front Tenements.

Commissioners may make Bye-laws.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where the Houses and Buildings erected on the Sides of the said Foot Pavements cannot have convenient Access and Entries by any other Tallages than by Out flairs, the said Baillies shall order such Out-flairs to be altered and narrowed, in such Manner as to leave a free Passage not less than Two-thirds of the Breadth of the Foot Pavement opposite to the said Out-flairs.

XX. And be it enacted, That the Proprietors of such Tenements or Houses fronting any of the said Streets, Lanes, Squares, or any other public Places within the said Barony, as may be erected, and of such front Houses or Tenements as may be unroofed or rebuilt subsequent to the passing of this Act, shall be, and the said Proprietors are hereby prohibited from thatching with Straw, Broom, Heath, and from covering with Tar, Pitch, or Paper, the Roofs of such front Tenement.

XXI. And be it enacted, That as the said Baillies have been in use, upon Report of their Birleymen, or Liners, and after inspecting the Premises and hearing Parties, to line the Front of any Houses or Buildings about to be rebuilt in front of the Streets, Lanes, or Tallages within the said Barony, so it shall and may be lawful for the said Bailbes, or any One of them, and they are hereby empowered, upon Complaint and Application made to them by the said Commissioners, or by any individual neighbouring Proprieior, (after visiting the Premises and hearing Parties concerned), to line the Fronts of any House or Building to be erected in any of the Streets Passages, or Lanes within the said Barony, in such Manner as they may fee necessary for preferring Regularity of the Line of Building in the said Streets, Passages, or Lanes.

XXII. And be it enacted, That a Majority of the said Commissioners present at any Meeting, called for that Purpose, shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time, to make Rules, Regulations, and Bye Laws, confident with this Act, and the Laws of Scotland, for the better Execution of this Act, for removing Obstructions and preventing Nuisances of every Kind on the Foot Pavements, Streets, and other Places within the said Barony, and in general for all other Purposes connected with the Preservation of Peace and good Order, and the general Safety and Comfort of the Inhabitants, and from Time to Time, as Occasion may require to repeal, add to, amend, and alter such Regulations, or any of them, and to enforce the fame, by such pecuniary Penalties as they shall think, proper, not exceeding in any Case the Sum of Ten Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after directed: Provided always, that Ten Days previous Notice shall be given of every such Meeting, by Advertisement in the Glasgow Newspaper*, specifying the Bye-laws and Regulations proposed to be made thereat; and that none of the said Regulations shall becomej valid, or take Effect, until they be ratified and confirmed by the Magistrates and Town Council of the City of Glasgow, as Baron and Superior of the Barony, registered in the Police Books, printed and circulated, and put upon the most conspicuous Places of the said Barony: Provided also, that it shall be c6m-petent to any Person or Persons, who may be thereby aggrieved, to appeal again!! the fame, to the first Circuit Court of Justiciary to be held at Glasgow thereafter. 1

4

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Proprietors. Owners, or Occupiers, of all Cotton Works, Glass Works, Founderies, Mills, Distilleries, Soap or Candle Works, or other Works to De eretted in the said Barony, the Machinery whereof is driven by Steam, or the Smoke arising wherefrom is considered noxious or injurious to the Neighbourhood, shall confirud the Furnaces or Flues of their said Works, so as to consume their own Smoke, in such Manner as the noxious or injurious Consequences may be removed or prevented; and in case they refuse so to do when required by the said Commissioners, the said Baillies, or any Two of them, shall have full Power, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause the same to be done, in such Manner as to them shall seem belt calculated to prevent such Conferences in Time coming, at the Expence of the said Proprietors or Occupiers; but this Enactment shall not be construed so as to allow any of the Works aforesaid to be credited upon Ground, the Writings and Title Deeds of which prohibit their Erection.

XXIV. And be it enacted, That the Proprietors, Owners, or Occupiers of Distilleries, Dye Works, and other Works within the said Barony, shall be obliged to carry off the Refuse or Water coming from such Works, by Drains or Sewers under Ground, properly secured and covered; and if they refuse so to do when thereto required by the said Commissioners, the said Baillies, or any Two of them, are hereby authorized and required to cause the same to be done and kept in Repair at the Expence of the Owners or Occupiers of such Works.

XXV. And be it enacted, That no Shopkeeper, or other Person or Persons, shall keep at the same Time in any Shop, Cellar, or Warehouse, or other Apartment within the said Barony, more than Ten Pounds Weight of Gunpowder; but shall cany, or cause to be carried, all Gunpowder belonging to him or them exceeding that Quantity, to such Magazine or Place as may be hereafter provided and appointed by the said Commissioners, unless such Person shall have a Cellar, Magazine, or other Place for depositing the fame, which shall be approved of by the said Commissioners; and every Person or Persons so offending, neglecting, or failing, shall, for every Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, to be levied in Manner herein-after directed, besides forfeiting all the Gunpowder which shall be in his, her, or their Houses, Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, or other Apartments, exceeding the aforesaid Quantity.

XXVI. And be it enacted, That the Gunpowder allowed to be kept in Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, or other Apartments as aforesaid, shall be deposited in a Place by itself, separate from all other Goods and Commodities, and shall be secured by Lock and Key, under a Penalty not exceeding One Pound Sterling, to be paid for each Offence by the Occupier of the House, Shop, Cellar, Warehouse, or other Apartment, in which the same shall be kept, to be levied in Manner hereinafter directed: And it shall not be lawful to the said Shop-keeper, or other Person or Persons, to sell or dispose of any Quantity of Gunpowder by Candle-light, or after Day-light, on any Account, or for any Purpose whatever, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence, to be levied and applied in Manner hereinafter u directed: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Commandin°- Officer of

66l

Proviso as to Cottori Waiks, &c.

Proprietors of Public Works to onvey the Refuse, or Water, under Ground.

Gunpowder where to be kept;

and how to be kept and fold.

662

Proviso as lo Powder kept for military

Purposes.

Houses to be numbered.

Streets, &c. to be named.

Baillies to make Regulations and Bye-Laws as to Hackney Coaches, &c.

How Water

is to be carried from the Roofs of Houses, &c.

4S9 GEORGII in Cap. 42.

any of Ills Majesty's Troops quartered in the said Barony, to keep in any Place or Places situated therein, and appointed by the said Baillies, or any one of them, along with a Majori-y of the Commissioners, any Quantity of Gunpowder he may think necessary for exercising the said Troops, or for other Military Purposes.

XXVII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may order and direct the Houses, Buildings, Shops, and Warehouses, within the said Barony, to be numbered with Figures, placed or painted on the Doors, or on such other conspicuous Part thereof as they shall think proper, and may likewise order to be painted, or otherwise inscribed on a conspicuous Part of any House or Building, at or near the End or the Comer of each Street, Square, Lane, PatTage, or Place, the Name of such Street, Square, Lane, Passage, or Place; and any Person or Persons who shall wilfully and maliciously destroy, injure, obliterate, or deface any such Number, Figure, Name, or Description, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling, to be levied and applied in Manner herein-after Jirested.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Rules, Regulations, and Bye Laws, as they may think fit, for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches, Sedan Chairs, Carts, and Porters plying for Hire within the said Barony; for trying, judging, and punishing the Misbehaviour of Coachmen, Chairmen, Carters, and Porters, according to Law; for fixing and altering their Stands, and for ascertaining what Rates and Fares, as to Dillance and Time, they shall be allowed to take, and to what Distances, and under what Penalties they shall drive in and through the said Barony, not exceeding Two Miles for Sedan Chairs, and Four Miles for Coaches, Carts, and Porters; and from Time to Time to repeal, alter, or amend the Rules, Regulations, and Bye Laws, so to be made by them: Provided always, that such Rules, Regulations, and Bye Laws, and the Fines and Penalties for the Breach or Non-performance thereof, as the same shall from Time to Time be made, altered, or varied, shall not be repugnant to the Laws of Scotland, or to any of the Provisions in this Act contained, and shall be printed and put up on such Place or Places as the said Baillies may think proper: Provided also, that it shall be competent to any Person or Persons, who may be thereby aggrieved, to appeal against the same to the first Circuit Court of Judiciary to be held at Glasgow thereafter.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That the Water from the Roofs of all Houses and other Buildings within the said Barony, fronting the Public Streets and Squares, and the Lanes and Wynds which are Thoroughfares, shall be conveyed in Lead or other Pipes, reaching within Six Inches of the Ground, and affixed to or on the Sides or Fronts of such Houses and Buildings; and the Owners or Proprietors thereof shall be obliged to make a Cut or Gutter in the Pavement, from the Termination of the said Pipe or Pipes , for carrying off the Water therefrom into the Common Sewer; and in case the Owners or Proprietors of such House6 and Buildings shall not so carry the Water from the same, within Twelve Months after being, required to do so by the said Commissioners, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any Two of them, and they are hereby authorized

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 6 63

thorized and empowered, upon Application by the Commissior.ers, (on inspecting the Premires and hearing Parties concerned,) to decern, in a summary Manner, such Owners 01 Proprietors to pay any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling for every such Offence; and if after Conviction of any such Offence, the Water from such Houses and other Buildings flra.ll still be conveyed otherwise than in Pipes so affixed, and reachingas aforesaid, for the Space of One Calendar Month, then the Owner or Proprietor of every such House or Building shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten ShillingsSterling, and so toties quoties for every Month after such First Conviction, during which the Water shall be conveyed otherwise than aforesaid; such Fines to be levied and applied in Manna herein-after directed, and to be always paid by the Proprietors according to the Proportion of their respective Rents rated as after mentioned; and in case the said Persons shall neglect for Two Calendar Months to convey the Water from the said Houses or Buildings in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful to the said Baillies, or any One of them, upon Application by the Commissioners, to order the Work necessary for conveying the Water in Manner aforesaid, to be done at the Expence of the said Persons, and todeceni against: them for the Expence thereof, over and above the Penalties which they may have incurred.

XXX. And be it enacted, That when the Floors or Stories of any Houses Where

or Buildings belong to more Proprietors than One, the several Proprietors of jHouf" J'J’ the fame House or Building, shall defray the Expence of making, affixing, proprietor* and keeping in Repair the said Pipes, and the said Cuts or Gutters in the than One. Pavements, in Proportion to the Rents of the Parts of such Houses or Buildings which belong to them rel'peftively, as rated in the Rent-roll after-mentioned; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise amengft the several Proprietors of the fame House or Building, relative to the Proportions of the aforesaid Expence, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any One of them, after inspecting the Premises, and hearing the Parties concerned, by a Decree under their Hands to determine the fame, according to the Rate of such Rents in the said Roll, and to decern for that Expence in Manner aforesaid.

XXXI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where the Tenants or Oc- where done cupiers of any House or other Building shall, in Default of the Proprietors by Tenants or paying such Expence, have been at any Expence in conveying the Water Occupiers,

as aforesaid, (which they are hereby authorized and required to do to the jj/haiTbs to Amount of the yearly Rents payable by them respectively,) they may, them, and are hereby authorized and empowered to apply the Lead and Materials of any Pipe or Pipes formerly affixed to the said Houses, or the Produce thereof, towards such Expences, and to deduct the Remainder of the said Expence from the next Rent due to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords who are hereby directed and required to allow the fame, any Lease or Contract to the contrary notwithstanding: And in the Event of the said Proprietors not residing within the said Barony, Notice of the Complaint, or of the Order of the said Baillies, being served on the Occupiers or Tenants, shall be as valid and effectual as if served on the Owners or Proprietors personally.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to, and in the Streets to t* Power of the said Commissioners, to direct and "cause the several public and

Streets, UroP'ir0D*

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

applying the Funds necessary for defraying the Expence thereof j be it

therefore enacted, that the said Barony shall be, and the fame is hereby

divided into the following Wards; videlicet.

The First Ward,—Bounded by the Biindbum (the Boundary of the said Barony) upon the East:; by Thijlle Street, in Hutchefontown, upon the Well; by the River Clyde on the North Parts; and extending Southward, in the Direction of the Biindbum, and on a Line with the East Side of Thijlle Street aforesaid. to the Boundary of the said Barony on the South; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Second Ward,—Bounded by Thijlle Street on the East; by Hof pi/al Street on the West; by the River Clyde upon the North; and extending Southwards, in a Line with the Ealt Side of Thijlle Street and the West Side of Hospital Street, to die Boundary of the said Barony; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Third Ward,—Bounded by Hospital Street on the East; by Saint Ninian’s Street upon the West; by the R iver Clyde on the North; and by Rutherglen Loan upon the South; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Fourth Ward,—Bounded by Saint Tinian s Street upon the East; by the Main Street of the old Village of Gorbals upon the West; by the River Clyde upon the North; and by Rutherglen Loan upon the South Parts; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Fifth Ward,—Bounded by the Continuation of Hospital Street aforesaid upon the East; by the Main Street of the Village of Gorbals on the West; by Rutherglen Loan upon the North; and by the Boundary of the Barony upon the South Parts; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Sixth Ward,—Bounded by the Main Street of the Village of Gorbals upon the East; by Nicholson Street, in Lazurieston, upon the West; by the River Clyde upon the North; and by Paisley Loan upon the South Parts; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Seventh Ward,—Bounded by the Main Street of the Village of Gorbals upon the East; by Portugal Street and Surrey Street upon the West; Ly Paisley Loan upon the North; and extending Southward to the Point where Surrey Street is interfccled by the Road leading to Pollockfoaves; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Eighth Ward,—Bounded by Hiehofon Street, Portugal Street, and Surrey Street, in Lavericjlun, upon the East; by Blconsbury Street and Marlborough Street upon the West; by tire River Clyde upon the North; and by the Boundary of the Barony upon the South Parts; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Ninth. Ward,—Bounded by; Bloomsbury Street and Marlborough Street' upon the East; iby Queen Street, in Tradestontuu upon the West; 'by thOc R iyer Clyde upon the North; and ex lending-South ward,- in a Line with-Marlborough Street tjnd Queen Street, to the Boundary of the Barony

upon

4b° GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 66?

tipon the South; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Tenth Ward,—Bounded by Queen Street aforesaid upon the East; by Centre Street and Pitt Street upon the West; by the River Clyde upon the North; and extending Southward, in a Line with Queen Street and Pitt Street, to the Boundary of the Barony; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings:

The Eleventh Ward,—Bounded by Centre Street and Pitt Street upon the East; by Dale Street upon the West; by the River Clyde upon the North; and extending Southward to the Boundary of the Barony, in a Line with Pitt Street and Dale Street; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings: And,

The Twelfth Ward,—Bounded by Dale Street aforesaid upon the East; by the Kinninghouse Burn, the Boundary of the said Barony, .7 d

upon the West; by the River Clyde upon the North Parts; and extending Southward, in the Direction of Dale Street and the Kinning-house Burn, to the Boundary of the said Barony; and comprehending all the intermediate Grounds and Buildings.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to Commission-and in the Power of the Commissioners appointed in Manner herein- alte*

after mentioned, to alter, vary, add to, or diminish the said Wards, or any of them, in such Manner as the State of the Population thereof, or other Circumstances, shall to the said Commissioners appear from Time to Time to require.

XLL. And be it enacted, That a Commissioner residing within his own Rodent District or Ward, qualified and elected in Manner herein-after directed, Commissiort-shall be appointed over each of the said Wards, with Power to him to ers tn be take Lifts, of Persons reftding within his own respective Ward, and to *PPointe<h take the legal Steps for preventing poor Persons from obtaining legal Settlements in the said Barony, so as to entitle them to the Benefits and Charities thereof; and such Commissioners are hereby invested with the Whole Powers known in the Law of Scotland to belong to the Office of Constable: Provided always, that in the Event of any of the said Commissioners removing, at any Term of Whitsunday, from the Ward to which he was elected, he shall nevertheless continue as Commissioner for that Ward until the General Election in the Month of August thereafter.

XLII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be elected Commilton. on the Second Monday of August One thousand eight hundred and ers how to eight, and thereafter on the Second Monday of August annually, b- el'A«h by a Majority of Votes of all the Occupiers of Dwelling Houses, Shops,

\Varehouses, and other Buildings within the said respective Wards, valued in Manner after mentioned, at Five Pounds Sterling or upwards of yearly Rent, out of the Householders within the Districts or Wards respectively, whose Dwelling Houses (exclusive of those Parts occupied it Shops or Warehouses) are valued in Manner after mentioned at Ten Pounds Sterling or upwards, of yearly Rent: Provided always* that where Dwelling Houses and Shops are contiguous, and are

7 , poUeffed

668

Baillies to be CommifGon-trs ex ofliciis.

Resident Bail.

lies how to be chosen.

Superior may continue One Baillie in Office.

Penalty for reftrfing to ad ai Baillie.

Manner of

voting for Commission-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

posseHed by the same Person, One Half of the Rent of the whole shall be accounted House Rent, and the other Half Shop Rent.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That the Senior Baillie and the Two resident Baillies of the said Barony for the Time being, shall be ex ojjiciis, always Commissioners without being elected as aforesaid.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That the Two resident Baillies of the said Barony shall, at the first Election of Baillies alter the passing of this Act,’ be chosen from among the Inhabitants of Hutchefontoivn and Lawrie/lown in the said Barony, for the First Year; and at the Second Election after the passing of this Act, the said Baillies shall be chosen from among the Inhabitants of the old Village of Girbah and Tradejltnvn or Kingston, and so on alternately during the Continuance of this Act.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of Glasgozv, as Baron and Superior of the said Barony, may, if they think proper, continue one of the said resident Baillies in Office for a Second Year.

XLVI. And be it enacted, That in the Event of any Person or Persons who shall be elected to the Office of Baillie of the said Barony refilling to act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling in Name of Fine, to be applied to such Purpose within the said Barony as the said Baron and Superior shall direct and appoint, and to be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that when any Person so refuses to act, it shall be in the Power of the said Baron and Superior to choose another Baillie for that Year, either from the same District or from any of the other Divisions of the said Barony, as Jo them shall seem proper.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That the Votes for Commissioners shall be given in each Ward separately, by written Notes or Tickets, subscribed by the Voters, specifying their Names, Defoliations, and Qualifications, the Names of the Streets in which they reside, and the Numbers of their Houses, and containing the Names and Designations of the Persons voted for, put into Boxes to be prepared for the Purpose on the Day appointed for the Election; which Boxes the said Baillies and the Prefes for the Heretors in each of the old Village of Gorbals, Hutchcn/oniovin, Lawricjlovm, and Tradejtcwn, shall prepare for the first Election, and afterwards the said Commissioners for the preceding Year shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to prepare the fame, in such Form as to them, ilia!! seem expedient, and to put up one Box in a proper Place' within each. Ward; Eight Days previous Notice of the Day of Election, and of the respective Places where the said Boxes are put up, being always given to the said Inhabitants, either by a written Notice affixed to the Door of the Court House of the said Barony, and by Tuck of Drum through the Principal Streets of the said lev era 1 "Wards, or by a printed Advertise-' ment affixed on fonie conspicuous Place in each Ward, in order that all. concerned may have access to put their Votes or Tickets in the Boxes, which shall remain open between the Flours of Ten in the Forenoon'. an4 F our in the Afternoon of the Day of Election; it which last Hour" liv* Election shall close, and the Boxes be removed and opened, the Votes

ferutinized.

4.8’ GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

C6 9

scrutinized, 2nd the Commissioners declared, for toe first Election by the said Baillies and Prefhg and thereafter by the said Baillies and the other Commissioners for the time being; and in calc or an F.quality of Votes for any Commissioner or Commissioners, the said Baillies or Prefes of the Meetings for the 'Lime, ilidl deternrne the Preference by calling Lots: Provided always, that no Person shall havr more than one Vote, or shall vote in more than one Ward or D. drift at any Pled ion of Com* inillioners lor the said Barony.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That the raid Commissioners of Wards respect Commission* lively shall, and ih-.y are hereby authorized and required, within One Ca- j"1t"0ferp lendar Month after their Election, to make, or cause to be made exact £ieitora> Lids of the Persons in th'rir respective Ward.-, qualified to elect or be elected Commissioners; which Lilts shall be entered in Books kept for that Purport, and shall be open and patent for the Persons interested at reasonable Times, and the laiJ Commissioners shall from Time to lime alter and amend the said Lifts when neceliiuy.

XLIX. And be it enacted, That in case any Person or Persons not qualified to vote in Manner aforesaid, shall vote or attempt to vote at the said Yours'.' Elections, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence; which Forfeitures shall be levied and applied in Manner herein-aftet directed.

L. And be it enacted, That if any of the Commissioners named and And on Per-elected in Manner aforesaid, shall die, or shall refure or neglect to accept son» rlefted the said Office, and subscribe an Acceptance thereof, on being required 10

so to do by the said Commissioners, or shall ccafe to reside in the Wards or Districts for which he or they shall have been elected their Places shall become vacant, and shall be iiipplied by other House-holders, qualified as aforesaid, to be defied in Manner herein-after directed; and if any Person or Persons duly elected a Commissioner or Commissioners under this Act, shall, without assigning a jult or reasonable Cause, relufe to act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any One of them, to fine such Person or Persons in Payment of any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act; provided that the Person paying the lame shall be exempted from acting as a Commissioner for the Three succeeding Years.

LL. And be it enacted, That when the Place of any of the said Com- How Wan. missioners shall become vacant, the remaining Commissioners shall, within eles a,e to be Fourteen Days thereafter, give Notice thereof to the Inhabitants of the ru;PllcJ-vacant Ward or Wards, and of the Time appointed by them for the Election of another Commissioner to supply such Vacancy', to be made in Manner aforesaid, within Fourteen Days after such Notice.

LIT. And be it enacted, That in case any Dispote or Difference shall arise, Dilutes bow relating to the Qualification of the Electors, or of the Persons elected, the.tJ he settled, fame shall be determined by the said Baillies, or by any One of them, for the first Election; and alterwards by the said Baillies and . other Commissioners for the Time being, or a Majority of these present, whose Determination shall be final and binding on all Parties concerned. '

*" FLoc. & Per.]

8 G

Lin. Ami.

67c

ElefiioriF, if not made, how lo be supplied.

four Com-

minioners 10 go out of Office yearly.

Commiflicr-er« may be re-tleded.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

LIII. And be it enacted, That in case the Electors of any Ward shall refuse or neglect to deft Commissioners for the fame in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and in the Power of the said Baillies, and of the Commissioners who shall have been elected and accepted their Office*, to nominate and appoint Commissioners qualified as aforesaid, for the Wards in which Elections shall not have been made, and the Persons so nominated and appointed shall have the fame Powers and shall remain the same Time in Office, as if they had been elected by the Occupiers of Houses, Shops, Warehouses, and other Buildings, within their respective Wards, in Manner herein before directed.

LIV. And whereas it is necessary that the said Commissioners of Wards should remain in Office for such a Period as to enable them to acquire Experience and Knowledge of the Business hereby entrusted to them; be ' it therefore enacted, That the Commissioners who shall be chosen on the said Second Monday of August One thousand eight hundred and eight, and those chosen to supply Vacancies during the First Year, shall remain in Office till the Second Monday of Augu/i One thousand eight hundred and nine, on which Day Four of them, or of those who shall have been elected into Vacancies during the said Year, shall be disqualified and shall go out of Office by Ballot, and Four other Commissioners qualified and elected in Manner aforesaid, shall be chosen to supply their Places; and the remaining Eight Commissioners who shall be chosen on the said Stcond Monday of August One thousand eight hundred and eight, or those chosen to supply Vacancies during the said First and Second Years, shall remain in Office till the Second Monday of August One thousand eight hundred and ten, on which Day Four of them, or of those who shall have been elected during the said Two Years to supply Vacancies shall be disqualified and go out of Office by Ballot, and Four other Commissioners qualified and elected in Manner aforesaid, shall be chosen to supply their Places; and that the remaining Four Commissioners who shall be cholen on the said Second Monday of August One thousand eight hundred and eight, and those who shall have been chosen to supply Vacancies during the First Three Years, shall remain in Office till the Second Monday of August One thousand eight hundred and eleven, when they, as being disqualified from Seniority, shall go out of Office, and Four other Commissioners, qualified and elected in Manner aforesaid, shall be chosen to supply their Places; and that on the Second Monday of August One thousand eight hundred and twelve, and on the Second Monday of August annually thereafter, Four of the Senior Commissioners shall be disqualified and go out of Office by Rotation, and Four other Commissioners, qualified and elected in Manner aforesaid, shall be chosen to supply their Places, so that there may be an Election of Four Commissioners each Year and no more, except for supplying Vacancies.

LV. Provided always, That Persons disqualified in Manner aforesaid, may be immediately rt-elected into Office in the Option of their Conllituents, in which case they shall come in as the youngtft Commissioners, and shall be enrolled accordingly; but in the Event of any Commissioner being reelected and refusing to act for a Second Year, he shall not be liable in the Penalty before mentioned for that Year.

4&* GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 671

LVI. And be it enacted, That any Five of the said Commissioners Quorum of shall be a Quorum for transacting ordinary Business; but no Assessment ;j'‘‘

shall be made or imposed, nor the Matter of Police, nor any Servant, Clerk, c Watchman, or other Officer appointed, nor their Salaries fixed by virtue of this Act, except at Meetings where a Majority of the Commissioners who have accepted their Offices are present: Provided always, that the whole Commissioners shall be summoned to attend every Meeting of the said Commissioners by written or printed Notices, delivered to them personalIy,or left at their Dwelling Places, Twenty-four Hours previous to such Meeting; and that the senior Baillie, or any of the other Baillies present, or, in his or their Absence the oldest Commissioner in Office present, shall preside at the Meetings of the said Commissioners; and such Prefes shall have both a deliberative and casting Vote, in all Matters and Ouellions which,

shall come before them.

LVII. And be it enacted, That Four Meetings of the said Commissioners Four stateJ for the said Barony, shall be held annually on the Second Monday in the Months of August, November, February, and May at Ten of the ^chVcar. Clock in the Forenoon, for putting this Act into Execution; the said Meetings of the Commissioners to be held in the Court House of Gorbals, or in such other Place within the said Barony as shall be appointed by the said Commissioners; the First of the said Quarterly Meetings to be held on the Second Monday of November, after the passing of this Act; and that the said Baillies shall cause the Whole of the said Commissioners resident at the Time in the said Barony, to be summoned to attend the said Quarterly Meetings, in Manner before mentioned, Twenty-four Hours at lead previous to the Time of Meeting.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners, or a Majority Meeting,may of those present at any of tile said Quarterly Meetings, or other Meetings be burned, held in virtue of this Act, may adjourn to the fame or any other Place within the said Barony which they may think necessary or proper, for executing the Powers velted in them by this Act.

LIX. And be it enacted, That the said senior Baillie, or any One of Sppdal M. et-the said Baillies, or in his or their Absence the Commissioner who may ingshowto have presided at the lad Meeting of the Commissioners for the said Barony, bc called-shall, when required so to do by a "Writing under the Hand of any Two of the said Commissioners, appoint a special Meeting of the said Commissioners, to be held within Forty-eight Hours after such Requisition, and shall cause all the Commissioners to be summoned to such Meeting in Manner foresaid; and it shall he in the Power of the said Baillies,° or in their Absence, the olded Commissioner present at any Meeting as aforesaid, to appoint other Meetings of the said Commissioners, to be held at such Places and Times within the said Barony, as may to them seem ne-CclLry for the above $, the whole Commissioners being always summoned to attend the lame Twenty-four Hours previous to such Meetings.

LX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to tire said PowerJ to Commissioners, or a Quorum of them, and they are hereby empowered appoint to appoint a Mailer ol Police, Clerks, Servants, and other’ proper Offi- Muter of cers, during their Pleasure, to act under the Authority and Orders of Poilcc> &e‘ the said Baillies, or any One of them, for executing the Matters committed

to

672

and Watchmen,

Powers to give Salaries to Clerks, &c.

Duties of Mailer of Police, Clerks, Sec.

BaiDies may constitute the Officers of Police Special Constables.

48° GEORGII in Cap. 42.

to them by this Act, and for regulating the Police, and for preferring Peace and good Order in the said Barony.

LXL. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to appoint such a Number of Watchmen as they shall judge necessary, for guarding, patrolling, and watching the Streets, Lanes, and other {’adages Of the said Barony, and Bridges leading thereto, in such Manner, and under such Rules and Regulations as to the said Commissioners shall appear proper and expedient.

LXII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the said Commissioners, or a Quorum of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to order suitable Salaries or Allowances to be made to the said Master of Police, Clerks, Servants, and other Officers, and to pay the necessary Expences incurred by them in the Execution of the Duties of their respective Offices, and the necessary Charges and Expences of the aforesaid Establishment, from Ad'efTments and other Funds hereby appointed to be levied, and from no other Fund whatever.

LXIII. And be it enacted, That the Duty of the said Mader of Police, Clerks, Servants, vVatchmen, and other Officers, shall be, and they are hereby authorized to aid and assist the Baillies of the said Barony, in apprehending, detesting, and bringing to Justice, Persons guilty of Street Robberies, House-breaking, Alfaults, Reset of Theft, Shoplifting, picking Pockets, Gambling, and other Crimes, by causing the Parties accused to be apprehended and imprisoned upon legal Warrants, and proceeded against in Terms of Law; in apprehending and putting the Law into Execution against Vagabonds, Vagrants, public and sturdy Beggars, and other idle and disorderly Persons, who follow no lawful Employment or Occupation; in suppressing disorderly Pubi c Houses, and other Lloufes frequented by Persons of the aforesaid Description; in suppressing Mobs and Riots; in assisting to extinguiffi Fire; in putting the Laws into Execution, by which Owners and Drivers of Carts and other Carriages are prohibited from leaving the fame on the Streets, Roads, and Passages, or riding on their Carts, or driving Carriages orllorfes or Cattle turiously or improperly, so as to endanger His Majesty's 1 ege Subjects, or cruelly treating Horses or Cattle, or leaving Wheel or Hand Barrows, or any other Vehicles in or upon which Goods or Provisions are carried, upon the Streets or Pavements, or in the doles or Passages after Day-light; in seeing that the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Passages, and other Places are properly lighted and cleaned; in guarding, patrolling, and watching the Streets; and in general, in aiding and allilting the Baillies in all Matters relative to regulating the Police, and preferring good Order and Tranquillity in the said Barony, and upon the Bridges leading thereto from the City of Glasgow, and in carrying the different Purposes of this Act into Execution.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That the said B.ullies shall have Power, and they are hereby authorized to constitute the Master of Police, and other Officers to be named determined by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, special Const ables, for the Purpol'e of attending the said Baillies, and executing the Sentences or Warrants to be issued by them in virtue of this Act or

otherways,

673

48° GEORGII III. Cap 4.2.

otherways, and for the other Purposes of this Act, and with all the Powers competent to Constables by the Law of Scotland.

LXV. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Penalty on Time obflrud or mol eft any Officer, Watchman, or other Person, ob'

who shall be employed in the Execution of his or their Duty under this o^ce',n$K!n the Aht, every Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, Execution of forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling; and their Duty, if any Person or Persons shall act'auh or Itrike any such Officer, Watch-man, or other Person employed, every such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, upon being convicted thereof by his, her, or their own Corieflion, or by legal Evidence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein-after directed: Provided alwa) s, that the levying of these Fines shall not preclude the said Watchmen or other Persons from having recourse to an Action at Common Law, for the Injury dene to them.

LXVI. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have Power, Rstc of Af-and they are hereby authorized and required, at a general Meeting to be Maient. held upon the Second /I- onday of September annually, during the Continuance of this Act, beginning upon the Second Monday of September One thousand eight hundred and eight, to fix, ascertain, and impose the following Rates and Affdlments, to be raised and levied from the Occupiers, whether Owners or Tenants, of all houses. Shops, Cellars, Ware-houses, Cotton, and other Works, Manufactories, and Buildings, within the said Barony; that is to say, on the yearly Rent of all such Subjects, rented or valued at Two Pounds, and under Four Pounds yearly, an annual Assessment not exceeding Sixpence in the Pound Sterling; on the yearly Rent of the said Subjects, rented or valued at Four Pounds and under Six Pounds ye-.rly, an annual Assessment not exceeding Eight-pence in the Pound Sterling; on the yearly Rent of the said Subjects, rented or valued at Six Pounds and under Nine Pounds yearly, an annual Assessment not exceeding Ten-ptnee in the Pound Sterling; and on the yearly Rent of the said Subjects, rented or valued ?.t Nine Pounds and upwards, an annual Assessment not exceeding One Shilling in the Pound Sterling; and so in Proportion according as the said Shops,

Houses, and other Buildings, shall be rated and assessed in the Rent Roll, and Valuation to be made annually by a Surveyor to be appointed by the said Commissioners; which annual Assessment shall be calculated lor the current Year, from \Vhitfunday to Whiifunday annually, upon the aggregate Rent of each IVTon’s Possession, and shall be payable at the limes and in the Proportions to be appointed by the said Commissioners.

LXVII. Provided always, That the said Assessment shall not be levied from Aflrfrmrnti Proprietors or Inhabitants, of such Parts of the said Barony as do not where not to receive the Benefits ot watching and lighting, and that the said Commis- bc Vvied. sioners shall not be obliged to extend those Benefits to such Parts of the Barony where the said Assessment is not levied.

LXVIILAnd be i> ensued, That the said Commissioners, at their Firff oranv Surveyors to subsequent Meeting for putting this Act into Execution, shall appoint a be aPF®*«t«d» proper Person or Persons for afeevtaining the free Rent of all such Houses, p afo?mw Shops, Cellars, Warchouie$, Cotton and other Works, if occupied by Ui’

[Lee. id Per.2 8 H Tenants

674-

Proviso it to Houses under the yearly Rent of 2I. and as to Paupers.

Hcrctors and Life-renters liable only for Houses, &c. occupied by themselves.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Tenants, and the Rents at which the same are worth to be let by the Year, if occupied by Proprietors or Life Renters; with Power to such Person or Persons to enter upon and survey all such Houses, Shops., and other Buildings; the said Survey to be made previous to the First Day of September yearly; and the Person or Persons so to be appointed, after making the same, shall leave for every Occupier at his or her Dwelling House, or on ihe Premises surveyed, a Notice of the Rent for which such Occupier is to be rated, and immediately after such Survey shall be completed, the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall deposit with the said Commissioners or their Clerk, a distinct Rent-roll or Return of the said Rents for the several Wards herein-before mentioned, agreeable to the Survey so made; and in case any Occupier shall think himself or herself overcharged in the said Rent-roll or Return, it shall be lawful for such Occupier within Six Days after the said Notice shall have been left at his or her Pwelling Place, or on the Premises surveyed, to give Notice in Writing to the Clerk to the said Commissioners of the Overcharge complained of; and the said Commissioners shall meet annually within the said Court House of Gorbals, or other Place to be by them appointed, upon the Second Monday in the Month of November, after making the said Survey, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, with Power to adjourn from Time to Time, for the Purpose of hearing the Parties; and in case the said Commissioners, or a Majority of them, shall at any of the said Meetings, think the Rent of any Occupier so given in by the Surveyor or Surveyors too low, they shall and may give similar Notice to such Occupier, and shall, at a subsequent Meeting, finally determine the Amount thereof; and similar Surveys shall be made, and Meetings held for correcting the Rent-roll in every Year during the Continuance of this Act: Provided always, that the Surveys so to be made shall include all Houses, Shops, Cellars, Warehouses, Cotton or other Works- actually inhabited, or in which any Furniture or Goods are deposited at the Time; and that a Second Survey shall be made in Manner afureikid in the Month of December or January, annually, of such Houses or other Premises as were uninhabited, or in which no Furniture or Goods were deposited at the Time of the First Survey; and if any such Houses or other Premises shall be inhabited, or have any Goods or Furniture therein at the Time of such Second Survey, the Rents thereof shall be added to the said Rent-roll or Return and assessed for Half of the yearly Rate, which Half-yearly Assessments shall be paid in like Manner as the other Assessments hereinbefore mentioned; and in case of Failure, recovered in Manner hereinafter directed.

LXIX. Provided always, and belt enacted, That all Houses or Parts of Houses and other Buildings herein before mentioned, occupied by any one Person, and rated under the yearly Rent of Two Pounds Sterling, and all Persons receiving Charity from the Parish Funds, shall be and they are hereby exempted from the Payment of any Assessment to be imposed and levied by virtue of this Act.

I.XX. And be it enacted, ThitallHouses and other Buildings occupied by Proprietors or Life-renters, shall be rated and assessld for the Duties hereby imposed upon such yearly Rent or Value, as the same shall be rated and estimated by the Surveyor or Surveyors before-mentioned, and approved of determined by the said Commissioners, according to the belt of their Judgment;

4-8" GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 67S

and that such Proprietors and Life-renters shall only be liable in Payment of the said Assessments for Houses and Buildings occupied by theml'elves and their Domestic Servants, but not for those occupied by their 1 enants, from whom only the said Assessments for their respective Possessions shall be levied and recovered by virtue of this Act; and that all such Proprietors and Life-renters shall only be entitled to vote for or be elected Commissioners under this Act, according to the estimated Rents of the Houses,

Shops, Warehouses, Cellars, or other Buildings actually occupied by themselves, without Regard to the Rent of any other Houses belonging to them in Possession of their Tenants.

LXXI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Vintner or Keeper of an Proviso «f-Inn, Tavern, or Coffee House, shall be assessed in a higher Sum under nn*

the Authority of this Act, than Ten Pounds Sterling yearly, for the House, Tenements, and Pertinents thereof, possessed by him or her in the way of his or her Business, whatever the Rent thereof may be; and that no Assessments shall be made for Gardens or Arable Ground situated in the said Barony, or for empty or waffe Houses.

LXXII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and in the Power of the Abatements said Commissioners to give such Abatement or Relief from any Assessment may be made to be made under the Authority of this Act, as the Clrcumitances of any Person or Persons applying for the fame may to them seem to require; any er"_

Thing herein contained to the contrary notvvnManding.

' I.XXIII. And be it enacted, That the Monies arising from the aforesaid Assessment* Assessments shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Commis- vetted in ftoners for the said Barony, and that all such Monies shall be applied, laid Commission-out, and expended, in the First Place, in paying the Expences tobe incurred ers* in passing of this Act, and then in defraying the Expence of the aforesaid Establishment of Mailer of Police, Clerks, Servants, Watchmen, and other Officers, and for the other Purposes of this Act, and to no other Purpose whatever; and in case any Surplus Monies shall remain after executing the Purposes aforesaid, upon settling the Account thereof at the End of each Year, the same shall be applied towards the fame Purpose fi the Year following, so that the aforesaid Assessments shall be thereby proportionally reduced.

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Particulars Recovery of of all the Tenements subject to Payment of the said Assessment shall not Rates, be contained in any of the said Rent Rolls, it shall be lawful for, and in the Power of the said Commissioners, to ascertain the Yearly Rent or Value of these Tenements; and if any Person or Persons, rated and assessed as in Manner herein directed, shall refuse or neglect to pay the Rates or Assessments charged upon him, her, or them, for the Space of Fourteen Hays next after such Rates or Assessments shall be due and demanded, and Notice given by general Advertisemenrs, once in any Two of the Glasgow Newspapers, and by Tuck of Drum through the said Barony, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Collector or Collectors to be appointed by the said Commissioners, to apply to any One of the said Biillies, lor a Warrant to any of their Officers to enter his, her, or their House or Houses, and to seize and take Possession of his, her, or their Goods and Effects; and which Warrant the said Eaillie is hereby authoriz.'d to grant, upon a Certificate signed by the Collector or Col-‘ leftors

67& 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

leftors of such Demand having been made, of such Notice having been given, and of such Person or Persons being in Arrear to the Amount stated in such Certificate; and if such Rates or Assessments shall not be paid within Three Days next after such Seizure is made, together with the Colls or Charges thereby incurred, then the Collector or Collectors is and are hereby authorized to fell by public Roup, at such Place as may appear proper, such Part of the said Goods and Effects-as shall be sufficient to pay the said Rates and AiTdfments, with the Costs and Charges attending such Seizure and Sale, returning the Surplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners; the Colts or Charges to be ascertained by the Buillie who shall issue the said Warrant.

CommifQon

LXXV. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have full

cr. , a[fcf. Power and Authority, and they are hereby authorized and required, fin" and levy- at their Meeting to be held on the said Second Monday of September ing Monies, annually, to ascertain and lay on the AlfdTment to be levied from the Renters or Occupiers and Pooeffors of the Houses, Cellars, Shops, Ware-houses, and other Buildings before described; and also to ascertain the Sums of Money to be expended for the l urposes of this Act for the then current Year; and that it shall not be lawful for, nor in the Power'd tile said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons acting under their Authority, to levy or expend any Monies by virtue of this Act, unless the feme shall have been previously assessed and laid on, and the Expenditure thereof voted by the said Commissioners; and that the said Bailliec and Commissioners shall be subject to and liable in Payment of the said Assessments for the Houses, Cellars, Shops, Warehouses, and other Buildings rented and polfdfed by them; any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Questionsas

LXXVI. And be it enacted, That in case any Questionor Eifpute shall to ACeffments arifo relative to the Houses, Buildings, Cellars, Shops, and Warehouses, to be decided w[1;c]1 are claimed to be exempted from the aforesaid Assessments, or y J-*al !C?- relative to the Amount of the Assessments, or the Valuation of the said Subjects, and the Expence of cleansing the Foot Pavements and doles in the said Barony, the same shall be determined by Decrees to be given under the Hands of the said Baillies, or any One of them.

Passages to the River Clyde may be made.

LXXVII. And whereas there are at present no Cart Entries into the River Clyde (excepting one opposite to Buchan Street), by which a Supply of Water can be obtained to extinguish any Fire which may happen in the said Barony; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered to form and complete Two Cart Entries into the said River, one opposite to Thijlle Street in Hutchcfontown, and another opposite to Centre Street in Trades-tmvn, in such Form and Manner as to the said Commissioners shall feetn neccifary, for procuring a Supply of Water from the said River: Provided always, that no House or Building, Garden or Ground, shall be taken or used, damaged or injured, for the purpefe of forming cr completing the said Cait Entries, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers thereof.

Commission- LXX

VIII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have Power

ers may ap- to appoint a Collector or Collectors, Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or point Collcc- rutlqfo or any other‘Officer or OUlcers, for levying, receiving, and

;rTrca- w*

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

paying away the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, and for keeping their Books and Records, and for other Purposes aforesaid, and to rent, hire, build, or purchase a sufficient Office for holding their Meetings, and transacting their Business; and also to appoint suitable Salaries to the Paid Collectors, Treassurers, or Clerks, and to agree for and pay a reasonable Price or Rent for the said Office, out of the said Funds; and that the said Collectors or Treasurers shall find sufficient SecurUy to the said Commissioners for their respective Intromissions with the Funds, which they shall be empowered to levy and collect.

LXXIX. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners may, and they Commission-are hereby authorized, if found necessary, to Purchase One or more Fire Engines, Pipes, and other necessary Appurtenances for extinguishing Et intS and Fires, and to name and appoint during Pleasure, a proper Person to take appoint Fire-Charge of the said Engines, Pipes, and other Appurtenances, with such mei. Number of active Men as they shall think fit for working the fame in a proper Manner, and for affifiing in extinguishing Fires within the said Barony; and the said Commissioners are also hereby authorized to make such Regulations and Rules for the said Persons as to them shall seem proper; and the Expence of keeping and maintaining the said Engines,

Pipes, and Appurtenances, and paying the said Firemen, shall be defrayed from the Funds raised by virtue of this Act.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That the Proprietors or'Occupiers of any Proprietors Dwelling House, Shop, Warehouse, Workffiop, or other House or Te- Houses"* nement whatsoever, in which a Fire breaks out or takes place, shall pay wjiere pjrc8 any Sum of Money not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, to be expended happen, to at the Sight of the said Commissioners, in giving Premiums or Wages to Pay ?of the Persons who may assist in extinguishing the said Fires, by bringing to cec^lno 10* the Spot Fire Engines, and a Supply of Water, or otherways, in such Manner and Proportions as the said Commissioners may judge fit; the said Money to be recovered by the Procurator Fiscal of the said Barony.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Commission-the said Commissioners, to rent or hire a Piece of Ground for the deposit- 1'r8 may. rcfnt ing of Dung, fvveeped and collected from the Streets and Pavements in Ground and the said Barony, and also to rent or hire Houses or other Buildings for Buildings for securing the said l ire Engines, with the Dung Carts which it may be found receiving Fire requifue to employ; or if it may appear more expedient, it shall and may Engines, &c. be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized to purchase (from any Person willing, and under no legal Disability or Incapacity to fell) a Piece of Ground, and to erect thereon the necessary Shades and other Buildings for the said Purposes.

LXXXII. And be it enacted, That the said C.ommissionersffiall havePower, Power to and they are hereby authorized and empowered to purchase a con- erect venient Piece of Ground from any Person or Persons willing, and or

under no legal Disability" or Incapacity to sell the same, and to erect VVorld‘oufe' and build thereon, a Residence or Workhouse for the Reception only of Persons convicted by the said Baillies of Crimes committed within the said Barony: Provided always, that the Money to be expended in the Purchase of the said Ground, and in erecting and building the said Residence or Workhouse, shall not exceed the Sum of Two thousand five {.Lee. & Per.] 8 / hundred

677

&78 4S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

hundred Pounds Sterling: And the said Commissioners are hereby, authorized to appoint a Keeper, Clerk, and other Persons for managing the said Bridewell or Workhouse, with suitable Salaries, and also from Time to Time to make proper Rules and Regulations for the internal Government of the said Bridewell or Workhouse, and to alter and amend the same as they shall see fit, which Rules and Regulations the said Keeper, Clerks, and other Servants shall punctually observe and obey; and the said Keeper or Clerk is hereby required to keep a Book wherein shall be inserted the Name of every Person confined within the said Bridewell or Workhouse, and the Crime for which he or she is committed, the Time they are to be confined, and the Name of the Baillie by whom the Warrant of Commitment is granted and signed, the Work, if any. executed during, such Confinement, and the Price or Money arising and received therefrom by the Person authorized to receive the same, with the Name of the Person or Persons by whom such Price or Money is paid; which Book shall at all Times be open for the Inspection of the Baillies and Commissioners; and the Persons confined in the said Bridewell or Workhouse, shall be employed at such Work as they shall be found bell qualified to perform during the respective Periods of their Confinement.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That in all Cafes where, by Common or Statute Law, any Offender is liable to be committed to a House of Correction, or to hard Labour, it shall be lawful to and in the Power of the said Baillies, or any One of them, to commit such Offender to the said Bridewell, provided he or she resides, or the Offence be committed within the said Barony.

LXXXIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and competent for any of the said Baillies to shorien the Period of any Person's Confiner cut in Bridewell by virtue of this Act, or otherwise, upon being fate fieri of the good Behaviour of the said Persons during their Confinement, and that they shew Marks of Penitence and Amendment.

Offenders against the Common Law may be committed to Bridewell.

Baillies may

shorten

Periods of Confinement.

be*o*«Ufura-

LXXXV. And be it enacted, That in allProfecutions against Offenders for mary Nature, Crimes committed within the said Barony, where the Punishment shall without writ- not exceed Thirty Days Confinement in Bridewell, or the Fine to be tea Pleadings. imposed shall not exceed Two Pounds Sterling, the Procedure against such Offenders may be of a summary Nature, without any written Pleadings; it being hereby provided, that a Record shall be kept of the Charge, and of the Judgment pronounced against such Offenders, and that the said Judgment or Sentence shall be pronounced in Presence of one of the Clerks of the said Court of Barony and Justiciary.

Powers to LXXXVl. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the said C°bo"ds &c Bribes, or any One of them, to commit Idlers, Vagabonds, public and ° s' ' sturdy Beggars, and all Persons who have no settled Place of Residence, or follow no lawful Employment, to the said Bridewell or Workhouse, to be kept at hard Labour for a Period not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

Money arising LXX X

VII. And be it enacted, That the Money arising from the Labour from their and Work of the Persons confined in the said Bridewell or Workhouse, shall Labour how appficfi by the said Commissioners, first in defraying the Expence of to be applied. " his

679

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

his or Tier Boarding and Keeping the rein, and the Surplus, if any, shall be paid to the Persons so confined, at his or her Liberation.

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Purchase Money of the said Purchase Grounds, and the Expence of erecting the said Bridewell or Workhouse and Money of other Buildings, shall be defrayed from the Funds to be levied under this Act. to‘indes_ ‘°w

' frayed.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may, powcrt0 bor-and they are hereby empowered to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money row Monty, not exceeding Three thousand Pounds Sterling, for the Purpose of obtaining this Act, purchasing the said Grounds, and erecting the said Bridewell or Workhouse, and other Buildings, and to assign over the Rates and Assessments hereby granted to any Person or Persons from whom such Money may be borrowed, as a Security for the same.

XC. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons within the said Penalty on Barony shall knowingly permit, or fuflfer any idle Rogue or Vagabond to Persons har-lodge or take Shelter in any House, Barn, or Outhouse belonging to him, &c.

her, or them, and shall nat apprehend and carry such Rogue, Idler, or Vagrant, before One of the said Baillies, or give Notice to (ome Constable or other Officer fb to do, every Person so offenuing, upon being lawfully convicted thereof, by his or her own Confession, or by legal Evidence, before One or more of the said Baillies, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling for each Offence; one Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XCI. And be it enacted, That if any Person shall entice or incite from Penalty on his Duty any of the said Watchmen or other Servants of the Police, or P«!fons fI>-shall entertain, or permit or firffer to be entertained, in his or her House, ^ce'"K^.atcl1* any such Watchman or other Servant of the Police, during their Hours flom’ their of Duty, every Person so offending, and upon being convicted thereof Duty, by his or her own Confession, or by legal Evidence, before any One or more of the said Baillies, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding One Pound Sterling; one Half thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XCII. And be it enacted, That a Book or Books shall be prepared and kept Accounts to by the said Commissioners, or by such Person or Persons as they shall ap- bc kept, point, wherein shall be fairly entered an Account of all Monies levied and paid by virtue of this Act, and how the fame have been applied; and the said Books shall be regularly balanced and docqueted yearly on the last-Monday of July immediately preceding the annual Election of Comissioners, the First Balance to be ffruck on the last Monday of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred and nine, from which a Statement of the Receipts and Disbursements for the Year preceding shall be made out and printed on or before the Second Monday of August annually after the Books are balanced, and a Copy thereof shall be delivered to each of the said Commissioners, and lodged in the Court House and Police Office of the said Barony, where they shall remain Six Weeks for the Inspection (without Fee or Reward j of all Persons contributing to the aforesaid Assessments^ and the said Statement shall also be published once at lead in arty One or' more of the Glasgow Newspapers.

68o

Minutes to be kept.

Actions by and against

Commis-

Jioners.

Actions competent to Procurator Fiscal.

Baillies may decern summarily for Fenahies.

Penalties exceeding 21. Sterling, to be recovered by Distress and Sale.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 4/2.

XCIII. And be it enacted, That the said Commissioners shall keep'or cause to be kept a Book or Books, in which shall be ertgrossed or written Minutes of all their Proceedings and Transactions, with an Account of the Salaries and Emoluments of Surveyors, Mailer of Police, Clerks, Servants, Watchmen, Collectors, Treasurers, and other Officers appointed by them, which Book or Books shall at all reasonable Times be open for the Inspection of every Person contributing to the aforesaid Assessments, who shall and may peruse the fame without Fee or Reward.

XCIV. And be it enacted, That it shall be competent to the said Baillies’ or any One of them, to bring Actiens against the said Commissioners, or to the Commissioners for the Time being, or a Majority of them, to bring Actions again(1 their Predecessors before any competent Court in Scotland, in case they shall embezzle, squander, or misapply any of the Funds vested in them by virtue of this Act: Provided, that such Action or Actions shall be commenced within Fifteen Calendar Months after the Offence prosecuted for shall be alledged to have been committed: And in order to prevent vexatious Prosecutions, be it enacted, That in the Event of any such Actions being ill founded, the Judge before whom they may be brought, shall decern against the Pursuers thereof for the whole Charges necessarily incurred in defending such Actions.

XCV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Procurator Fiscal of the said Barony to biing Actions before the said Baillies, and Execution shall pafsat hislnflance for Performance of the Obligations, and for levying and recovering the Penalties herein-specified.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any One of them, to decern in a summary Manner for the several Penalties, Damages, and Expences imposed by this Act, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not herein particularly before described); and in case the Penalty and Forfeiture be not immediately paid, the said Baillies, or any One of them, where the Sum decerned for does not exceed Two Pounds Sterling shall and they are hereby empowered to commit the Person or Persons refusing or neglecting to pay the fame, to Prison or Bridewell for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unless such Penalties, Damages, and Expences, and thei Charges incurred in levying and recovering the fame, shall be looner paid and fads tied.

XCVII. And be it further enacted, That where the Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Expences decerned for shall exceed the Sum of Two Pounds Sterling, and where the Manner of levying and recovering the fame is not herein-before pointed out, it iludl and may be lawful for the said Baillies, or any one of them, upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, by their own Conftffion, or by legal Evidence, in case the Offender or Offenders shall not immediately pay the Sums decerned for, to cause the same to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender or Offenders Goods and Effects, by a Warrant under the Hand of any of the said Baillics, and after deducting the Charges of such Diitrefs and Sale, the Surplus, if any, shall be paid to such Offender or Offenders; and in case sufficient Goods and Effetls shall net have been foyud. it shall be lawful for Inch Baillie to cause the said Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol’ or Bridewell of the said Barony or Work-

68i

48° GEORGII III. Cap 42.

Workhouse aforesaid, therein to continue for a Space not exceeding Twenty Days, unless the Sums of Money so decerned for, and all reasonable Charges incurred, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XCVIII.And be it enacted, That the said Baillies shall and they are hereby Ba;n;es may empowered in all Cafes to decern, not only for the Expence of any Works decern for or Operations, or of any other Expences, Sums of Money, Damages, Coils of Suitor Penalties, under the Authority of this Act, but also for the Costs of Suit.

XCIX. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Power to Baillies, or any One of them, from Time to Time to mitigate and lessen any of the Forfeitures or Penalties incurred under this Act, to any Sum c not lets than One-Third of the said Forfeitures and Penalties, besides the Expences and Charges of suing for the same.

C. And be it enacted, That the Whole of the pecuniary Penalties and Penalties to Forfeitures herein before authorized to be levied, shall, after deduding j^PP^f*® the necessary Charges of recovering the fame, be paid to and make Part of tj,j, ^cU of the Funds to be applied, under the Direction of the said Commissioners, for the Purposes of this Act, excepting as herein specially before provided.

Cl. And be it enacted, That all Actions for recovering any of the For- Penalties to feitures and Penalties imposed by virtue of this Act, shall be commenced be Cued for within the Space of Three Calendar Months from the Time the Fads 1 llree by which they are incurred shall have been committed, and if not com- 1 lont ls' menced within the aforesaid Space, the Person or Persons who shall have offended shall not be liable to be prosecuted thereafter.

CIT. And be it enacted, That no Action or Process shall be commenced No Action cgainlt the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons, for any Thing to be com-done in the Execution of this Act, after Three Calendar Months n,cnced from the Time the Fads are discovered or known; and the Defender or missioners'"1' Defenders in such Action or Process may produce this Act, and plead that after Three the said Things were done by Authority and in virtue thereof, and if they Months, shall appear so to be done, then and in that case the said Defender or Defenders shall be affoilzied from such Action or Process, and the Pursuer or Pursuers in such Action shall be found liable to pay the said Defender or Defenders the whole Expences of Process incurred by him or them.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Appeal, think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or other Proceeding of the said Baillies. it shall only be lawful for him, her, or them, to appeal to the first Circuit Court of Judiciary to be held at Glasgow thereafter, and the Appellant or Appellants shall find Security, and observe the other Requisites of the Law relative to Appeals to that Court.

CIV. Provided always, and be it ennded, That nothing in this Act con- Saving Clanfe tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away, abridge, or tu Magistrates diminish any Rights, Privileges, Jurisdictions, or Powers, which now gj ’

belong to and are enjoyed by the Magi ft rates and Town Council of the other Judges. City of Glasgow, by the Sheriff and Justices of the Peace of the County of [Lor. Q Per.2 8 K Lanerk,

68a

Expence of this Act, See. how to be paid.

[Public Act.]

Continuance of the Act.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Lanerk, or by the said Baillies, or by the Baillie on the River and Firth of Clyde, in virtue of former Acts of Parliament, Royal Charters, or immemorial Usage, and particulasly the Rights, Privileges, Jurisdictions, and Powers, which now belong to, and are enjoyed by the Magistrates and Town Council of the City of Glajgmv, Baron and Superior of the said Barony, who shall have full Power to nominate and appoint the Baillies of the said Barony, the Clerks and Procurator Fiscal of the Courts of Bailliary and Judiciary in the said Barony, and the other Officers of the said Courts, in as full and ample a Manner as they did or could have done previous to the passing of this Act.

CV. And be it enacted, That the Charges incurred in applying for and obtaining this Act, and in erecting and maintaining the aforesaid Bridewell or Workhouse, and other Buildings, with Intereil from the respective Periods of advancing the fame, shall be defrayed out of the Monies arising from the Assessments aforesaid, by equal Portions, during the Continuance of this Act.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That all Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace, Judges, and Magistrates, with their Officers, Messengers at Arms, and all other Officers and Executors of the Law whatsoever, are hereby required to be aiding and assisting in putting this Act into due and lawful Execution, and that this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Parts of this Act which relate to the laying on and levying the Assessments herein-before directed, appointing a Matter of Police, Officers, Clerks, Collectors, and Watchmen, dividing the Barony into Districts or Wards, and appointing Commissioners of the said Wards, shall continue in force for Fourteen Years from and after the passing thereof, and to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer, but that all the other Parts of this Act shall be perpetua'.

LONDON: Printed by George Etre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

V f

ANNO QUADRAGESMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 43.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the several Townships and Hamlets situate within the same, are very populous, and in the same Parish there are many very considerable Manufactories which employ great Numbers of People, who, along with divers other Persons reftding and trading within the said Parish, central Small Debts, which in the Whple amount yearly to a large Sum of Money; and although many of such Debtors are well able to pay their respective Debts, they often refuse to pay the fame; by reason of which their respective Creditors are either obliged to forego their respective Debts, or for the Recovery thereof to incur an Expence sometimes far exceeding, and in all cases greatly disproportionate, to the Sums in Dispute: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Promotion of Industry, and the Support and Encouragement of ufefu! Credit, and would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Parish, and the several Townships and Hamlets within the same, if a more eaiy and speedy Method of recovering Small Debts within the same Parish were provided: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this pre-\Loc. & Per.~\ 8 L font

686

CommiHi-n*

eri.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Justices of the Peace for the Time being of the County Palatine of Lancaster, acting within and for the Division of Manchester; the Deputy Lieutenants for the Time being of the said County, acting within and far the fame Division; the Warden and Fellows for the Time being of the Collegiate Church of Christ in Manchester-, the High Constable for the Time being of the Hundred of Salford, acting within and for the Division of Manchester; the B raughreeve and Two chief Constables ter the Tme being of the Town of Manchester; the Boroughreeve and Two chief Constables for the Time being of the Town of Salford; the Two chief Churchwardens for the Time being of the Parish of Manchester; fames Achers, John Allen, Thomas Andrew, Thomas Appleton, Francis Armfirong, Joseph Aston, Joseph Atkinson, John Atkinson, Robert Ave-yard, Charles Frederick Brandt, Jonathan Beever, William Beever, John Baldwin, Richard Barlow, Richard Bagjbaw, John Bancroft, John Barker, Jomes Barratt, William Bower, James Booth, William Bowman, James Brier ley, James Brown, George Burgess, John Barnes, Benjamin Brookes, John Burton, isaac Clarke, Thomas Clayton, Edmund Clegg, John Ccckbain, William Cooper, Richard Collins, John Drinkwater, Thomas Davenport, Smith Deavill, John Downes, Lin Dillon, Richard Entwijle, Ralph Ellam, Thomas Fosbrooke, Jeremiah Fielding, William Fox, George Fletcher, Peter Fletcher, William Foulds, Richard Fletcher, Joseph Fletcher, Edward Fogg, Nathaniel Gould, Samuel Grimfhaw, George Grundy, Benjamin Goodall, Thomas Green, William Garnett, John Greaves, Hugh Greaves, John Gunfon, Bernard Hartley Green, Dauntefey Hulme, James Hall of Sunny Side, James Had, of the Crelcenr, William Harper, James Hcald, Samuel Heginbottom, James Holt Heron, William Tomlinj'on Hejketh, Thomas Hewitt, John Hewitfon, William Heyward, Joshua Hibbert, Thomas Hilton, Samuel Holgate, David Holt, Richard Hojkins, Thomas Hoyle the y unger, Robert Hardy, Robert Howarlh, William Hutchinson, Thomas Holland, John Heywood, George Hatfield, John Jackson, Samuel Jackson, Frederick William James, Thomas Jenkins, Richard Jones, Joseph Jenkinson, John Kelfall, James Kennedy, Samuel Knight, Samuel Knott, Widiarn Kay, Thomas, Leeming, Thomas Liltlewood, isaac Lees, Robert Lucas, John M‘Mur do John Makin, John Marfden, Mai tin Marshall, Joseph Mason, Richard Meadowcroft, James Meadows, Roger Merrick, John Miller, James Morris, Samuel Mot tram, William Mouncey, Robert Marsh, Joseph Mycock, Francis Morris, Peter Marfland, John Nightingale, George Neden, Joseph Neild of Deanlgate, John Orford, Thomas Ollivant, Joseph Owen, l%.mas Ogden, Sir Robert Peel Baroner, Lawrence Peel, George Peel, Shake/peare Phillips, George Philips, Thomas Phillips of A rdwick, Thomas Pidgeon, William Pilling, John Pooley the elder, Richard Potter of Strange-ways, Robert Potts, Andrew Preston, Samuel Prince. Thomas Prejion, James Parkinson, John Ratcliffe, John Railton, Charles GolJney Rees, William Roberts, Thomas Robinson of Crumplal, Charles Rowland, David Rome, Micah Rose, Jama Rose, Richard Routh, William Roylance, John Roylance, William Raby, Samuel Russell, Joshua Ryle of Stretford, Joshua Ryle of Chetham, William Starkie, Joseph Seddon, William Sandford, John Satterfield. Thomas SmithfCbomas Sefton the younger, Thomas Sharpe, John Spencer, John Shaw of Hulme, John Shaw of Manchester, Stephen Sheldon, George Stirrup, John Stonehotfe, Robert Sborrocks, Joseph Smith, John Shore, Robert Scarr, Richard Spencer, Thomas Sterndale, Thomas

Storrs,

687

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

Slorrs, Matthew Shawcross, James Touchet, John Touchet, Peter Taylor, 'IhomasTebbutt, James Thompson, Joseph Turner, Joftah Twyford, Thomas Town ley, Benjamin Wilson, Thomas Williams, Richard Walker, Edward Walk left, James Wallis, John Wadkin, John Wheeler, John Whitaker, Nicholas Whitworth, William Wilson, Daniel Woljlenholme, Thomas Worthington, Henry Wilson, Job Wragg, George Wardley, James Wood, and Joseph Tates, shall be and are hereby appointed mmiffiorers fur the Recovery of Small Debts within the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the several Townships, Hamlets, and Places situate within the same Parish; and the said Comm.ffiuners and their Successors are hereby constituted a Court of Justice by the Name of " The Court of " Requests for the Parish of Manchester, in the County Palatine of " Lancaster

II. And be it farther enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered and required to meet and hold the said Coure weekly on every Wednesday in each Week, or oftener if there shall be Oecaiion, in fame convenient Place within the Towns of Manchester or Salford, to be appointed by the major Part of the said Commissioners for that Purposeassembled; and the First Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be holden on the Sixth Wednesday next after the passing of this Act; and the said Commissioners,orthemajor Partofthem, who shall beprdent, such Num-ber prefer.t not being less than Tliree, at their Meetings, to be holden in pursuance of this Act, are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine such Actions and causes as are herein-after mentioned, and to give such Judgments, and to make such Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon, with the Cods, against the Body or Bodies, or against the Goods of all and every the Person or Persons against whom they shall give any such Judgment, or make any Order or Decree, as to them shall seem just in Law or Equity; and in case of an Equality of Votes in any Action, Cause, or Question before the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case the Commissioner present who (lands first in the Lift of Names of the said Commissioners (which Lift the said Commissioners shall and they sre hereby required to hang Or cause to be Iuing up in the Court or Place where the Commissioners meet) shall have the drcifive or calling Vote, in the Absence of the Barrister to be nominated and appointed in Manner by this Act directed by His Majesty in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster, or by the Chancellor of the L’uchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, as a Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty in Right of his Duchy of lancaster, or the Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine cf Lancaster, to nominate and appoint a practising Barrister at Law, who shall have been called to the Bar for the Space of Six Years at the least, and who shall have actually ptaftifed as a Barrister for the Space of Six Years at least as Assistant to the said Commissioners, and such Barrister, when so appointed, shall be and be deemed to be one of the said Commissioners, and shall always be the Chairman to the said Commissioners at their several Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act; and in case of any Equality°of Votes in any Action, Cause, Complaint, Matter, or Thing that shall come before

the

I

Meetings,

A Rarrifler of Six Year, (landing to be appointed.

A&J 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

the said Commissioners, such Chairman shall have the decisive or calling Vote, although such Chairman shall have voted before: And in case any such Barrilterfo nominated or appointed, or any Earthier to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act to be Chairman to the said Commissioners shall die, reful'e, or neglect to act, or be incapable of acting as such Chairman, or shall be removed from such Office of Chairman; then, and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in Right of the said Duchy, or the Chancellor of the said Duchy and County Palatine for the time being, to nominate and appoint lb me other pradiGng Barrider at Law who shall be called to the Bar for the Space of Six Years at lead, and who shall have actually practised as a Barrister for the Space of Six Years at lead as Assistant to the said Coinniissioners, and so toties ' quoties; and every Barrider so appointed shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution as the Barrider in whose Room or Stead he shall be so nominated or appointed.

be TemovcJ y be further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Chancellor of the said Duchy and County Palatine to remove or displace any such Barrider so nominated or appointed from being one or the said Commissioners, and from such Office of Chairman in case it shall seem right to the said Chancellor.

in rare of Ab- V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any such Barrider

" shall be removed or difpiaced, or shall resign such Office, or shall die, or ( otnmiuion rs be prevented from Illness from attending the said Court, or shall be un-nn>a;.. avoidably absent in the Exercise of his Profession, or at the Alhzes, Quarter Sessions, or in Attendance under any Commission from the Courts of Record at Westminster, or as Commissioner or Arbitrator mmed in any Act of Parliament, then and in every such Case such Court shall be holden by the said Commissioners; and in case of an Equality of Votes in any Action, Cause, Question, Matter, or Thing that shall come before the said Commissioners, the lenior Commissioner in the Lid prednt shall have the decisive or cading Vote.

providing for

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Commissioners AflltHng Bar- not *n l^e Fxccut‘on of this Act without being satisfied by

niter. special Inquiry and Report of the unavoidable or other Absence from

Home or Illness of such Barrider; and in case of the Absence of such Barrider the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby requirqjJ to allow the Defendant or Defendants in any Cause of Action for more than the Sum of Forty Shillings, to podpone the Trial of such Cause or Action until the next Day of Attendance of such Barrider, if such Defendant or Defendants shall with so to do; and in case such Trial shall be so podponed, the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall and is hereby required to give Two Days Notice in Writing, both to the several Plaintiffs and Defendants, or left at their respective lad or usual Places of Abode of the next appointed Day of Attendance of such Barrider, and an Entry or Entries of all such Proceedings shall be made and preserved in the Proceedings of the said Court of Requests.

Time of Hear- VII. And, for better regulating the Sittings of the said Court, be it furing cauiei. (her enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not hold the said Court,

*6 or

689

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

or hear and determine any Cafe or Cafe1!, Cause or causes, to be heard or determined by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, but between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Five of the Clock in the Afternoon; and nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to require or compel the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Witness or Wir-ntffcs, in the said Court, in pursuance of any Action or Summons itiued out of the said Court, or by any Person or Pci Ions whomsoever acting as an Officer or Officers of the said Court, lave and except between the said Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and Five of the Clock in the Afternoon.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That on the Decision of each and every Action, Cause, or Question for the Recovery of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings in the said Court, Three at lead of the Commissioners shall be present in Court , and on the Decision of each and every Action, Cause, or Question, for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Foity Shillings, Five at least of the Commissioners shall be present.

IX. And be it further enacted, That when any of the said Commissioners, save and except the said Barrister and the said Justices and other Commissiont-rs not herein mentioned by Name, shall die or refuse to act, or shall cease to be qualified, in Manner herein directed, to act as a Commissiorter in the Execution of rhis Adl, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and fur the fun iving and remaining Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Adf, or the major Part of them present at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, within the Space of Twenty-one Days next after Inch Decease or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified, shall happen to be known, or so soon after as conveniently may be, to elect and appoint one other Commissioner in the Room and Stead of every such Commissioner so dying, or letufing to act, or ceasing ro be so qualified; arfd Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election, and of the Purpose thereof, shall be given by the Clerk ro each of the said Commissioners, or left at their lait or usual Places of Abode, and such Notice shall all'o be affixed on the Door of the said Court House Fourteen Days at least before such Meeting shall be holden; and every such Commissioner so elected shall have the like Powers and Aothorities for carrying this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if he had been particularly named herein as a Commissioner.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act slave and except in administering the Oath herein contained to the other Commissioners) until he shall have taken an Oath to the Effect following; that is to say,

4 A. E. do swear [cr, being one of the People called Quakers, do so. lemnly affirm, according to the Form in that Cafe made and provided]

‘ That I will faithfully, honestly, and impartially, according to the bed of my Skill and Judgment, hear and determine such Matters and Things ILoc. IQ Per.] ~ 8 Af as

Three Com-roissioners for Sums not exceeding 40s. and Fi*e Commissionera for Sumsabove 40s.

Choice of new

Commission-

era.

CommWTioners to be fivorn.

690

QtiiliRcation of Commil-tioncri.

Commissioners required to qualify within a eertam Period.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

‘ as shall be brought, before me, by virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-‘ eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act Mere set forth the Tide of this Ail~\ without Favour or Assettion,

‘ Prejudice or Malice, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; and also ‘ that I am a Householdi r within the Jurisdiction of the Did Court,

‘ and that I am possessed of a Real Ellate of the annual Value of ‘ Forty Pounds, or of a Personal Ellate of the Value of One thousand 1 Pounds above all Charges or Incumbrances whacloever.

'So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, is and are hereby empowered and squired to administer in open Court; and caeh and every fitch Commissioner shall and he is hereby required (after taking the said Oath or Affirmation) to sign and fublrribe his Name upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment to be provided for that Purpose, with the said Oath or Affirmation written or prinred therein; and such Roll or Rolls shall be carefully kept amongst the Records of the said Court.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be qualified to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall at the Time of acting be a Householder within the Jurisdiction of the said Courr, and foiled of a R eal Ellate of the annual Value of Forty Pounds, or peffiffed of a Personal Ellate of the Value of One thousand Pounds above all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever; and if any Person not being qualified as aforesaid shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence (over and above any Pumffiment that he may be subject and liable to lor wilful and corrupt Perjury) forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Celts of Suir, to any Person or Persons who shall fuc for the fame; to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Calc, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed , and in every such Action, Bill, Plaint, or Infoima ion, the Proof of such Qualification shall lie on the Defendant, and it shall be sufficientfor the Plaintiff or Prosecutor to prove that the Person io sued or prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Judgments, Orders, Decree?, Acts, and Proceedings of ail and every Person and Persons acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, though not duly quaiifird as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of such Offence, shall notwithstanding such Conviction be as valid and tffcftual as if such Person or PeiLns had teen duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

Xu. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner named or appointed by virtue of this Act shall negkft or refuse to qualify himself for acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act by taking and subscribing the Oath hert in-before mentioned within Two Years from the passing of this Act, or if any Person hereafter to be elected and chosen a Commissioner shall neglect or refuse to qualify himl'rlf for acting in the Execution of this Act within Two Years next aifter he shall have been so

elected

6gi

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

elcfted and chosen, such Comm (Tuner foneglectingor refuting shall from thenceforth be disqualified, and be incapable of aftirrg as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the remaining Commissioners, or the major Part of them present at a Meeting to be convened as herein-before directed, from Time to Time to elect one other Person to be a Commissioner in the Room of every Person so neglrfting or refuting to qualify or ad as last aforesaid; and if any Person so neglecting or refuiing to qualify or ad shall presume to ad contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, every Person so offending in each of the Cafes aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the like Sum as is herein-before directed to be forfeited in case of any Person presuming to ad not being qualified; to be recovered, paid, and applied in like IV'fanner as such Forfeiture or Penalty herein-before mentioned is directed to be recovered, paid, and applied.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person cJ^irgdir-so becoming disqualified shall at any Time thereafter be desirous of being qualified may re-elected on any subsequent Vacancy, it fhdl be lawful for the Com-"v"tl^f’(1 missioners for the Time being again to rt-elect and chuse him to be a Com- Commiilicmmissioner, subjrd nevertheless to the several Rtft ictons aforesaid. ers-

XIV. And whereas His MjestyinRight ofhisDuchy cf Lancaster is Lord of the Wapentake or Hundred of Salford in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, and holds a Wapentake Court for the Recovery ot Debts under > the Sum of Forty Shillings, the Jurisdiction of which extends over the said Hundred, and includes the fai I Parish of Manchester: And whereas the Right Honourable IViltinm Philip Earl Scftun, by virtue of Letters Patent under the Seals of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster,is entitled as Tenant in Tail Male to the Office of Steward of the said Wapentake Court:

And whereas Sir Oswald Mo/ley Baronet, as Lord of the Manor of Manchester, holds a Court Baron for the Recovery t ( Debts under Forty Shillings, the Jurisdiction of which extends over the Township of Manchester; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and fur the said William Philip Earl Sefton and the said Sir Ofvsa 'd Mo/ley, and they are hereby respectively authorized and lequiicd, within Thirty Days from and after the passing of this Act, to nominate and appoint, each of them under their respective Hands, one Clerk, one Serjeant, and one Half of the other necessary Officers of the said Court of Requests, to continue during the Pleasure of the Person or Persons cm,tied for the Time being to appoint such Officer or Officers and no ionger , and that when and li» often as it shall happen that the Office of Clerk, Setjeanr, or other Officer or Officers appointed by the said William Philip Earl Sefton, shall become vacant, then that the said TVilliahi Philip Earl Sefton, or the Person entitled to the Office of Steward of the said Wapentake Court under the said Letters Patent for the Time being, and in Failure of any Person so entitled from the Extir.ftion of the said Estate in Tail-male, then that the Chancellor of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster for the Time beinglffiall, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required within Thirty Days after such Vacancy shall happen, to nominate and appoint, under their Hands respectively, another fit and proper Person to be Clerk or Serjeant, or other Officer or Officers of and for the said Court of

Requests j

692

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

Requells; and in case of the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer nominated and appointed by the said Sir OJivald Mojley, or the Lord or Lady of the Manor of Manchester for the Time being, he or she is hereby authorized and required withinThiny Days after any such Vacancy,to nominate and appoint under his or her Hand, another fit and proper Person to be Clerk or Serjeant, or other Officer of and for tile said Court of Requtfts during Pleasure and no longer: Provided always, that the said Officer or Officers so to he nominated and appointed by the said William Philip Earl Sefton, or by any 1'erlon entitled from Time to Time to fiil up a Vacancy in such Office, in his Right, or in Right of the said Duchy, shall have, receive, and be entitled to Two-third Parts of the Fees and Rewards payable to and received by such Officer or Officers by virtue of this Act; and that the said Officer or Officers, lo to be nominated and appointed by the said Sir Oswald Mojley, or the Lord or Lady of the Manor of Manchester shall be entitled to have and receive the remaining One-third Part of such Fees and Rewards: And for the better Regulation of the Division and Receipt of such Fees and Rewards by the said Officers, and of the Labour and Services which each of them should perform, according to the said Proportion of their Fees and Rewards, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them assembled as aforesaid, and they are hereby required to ratify and confitm any Agreement or Agreements to be made by the said Officers, or any of them, in respect of their said Offices, and to make any Order or O ders respecting the fame from Time to Time, as they shall think reasonable; and in case of any DiLgreement of or amongst the said Officers, or any of them, respecting the said Fees or Rewards, or the Division of their respective Labour and Services in the Proportion aforesaid, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, assembled as aforesaid, and they are hereby required, after hearing and examining into the respective Allegations and Claims, or other Mattels in Dispute amongst such Officers respectively, to make any Rules and Regulations as to the Time and Manner in which the said Officers to be appointed as aforesaid shall respectively exercise their respective Offices, always having just Regard to the said Proportion in which they are to divide the Fees and Rewards of their respective Offices established as aforesaid; and that all such Agreements, Rules, and Orders of the said Commissioners so to be made as aforesaid, shall be entered in the Books and Proceedings of the said Commissioners, and shall be binding and conclusive upon the said Officers, and shall be observed by them and every of them at all Times: Provided also, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners of the said C iurt of Requests, or any Five or more of them assembled as aforesaid, to appoint any such Officers to do the Business of the said Court until such respective Nominations and Appointments shall from Time to Time be made as aforesaid, and all Persons so appointed by the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, shall be and be deemed to be (during such Time as they shall respectively act) Officers under this Act to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and entitled to all the Advantages and Emoluments specified in this Act, and subject to Removal from their respective Offices by the said Commissioners, or any Five of them, in case of Mftbehaviour or Neglect of Duty.

4* GEORGII III. Gup, 43.

XV. Provided alwayi, That no Person or Persons who shall keep any Victualling House, Alehouse, or any Public House of Enrertainment, or who shall lei I any Wine, Cider, Beer, Spirituous or other Strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner or holding the Office of Clerk or any other Place Of Profic belonging to the said Court 1 and that no Person nominated a Commissioner shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner during the Time he shall remain Clerk of the said Court.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Clerks of the said Court of Reqursts for the Time pu?j°e4. being, to nominate One or more sufficient Deputy or Deputies to act for him or them respectively in the Office of Clerk of the said Court of lle-quests j which Deputy or Deputies, in the Absence of the said Clerk or Clerks respectively, shall have the fame Authority as if the Clerk was himself personally present, and shall from Time to Time be dilpliceable and rernoveable, and shall accordingly be displaced and be removed, at the Will and Pleasure of the said Clerk or Clerks respt ftively of the said Court of Requests for the Time being; and such Clerks respectively, or their respective Deputies is and are hereby empowered and required to issue all Summonses, Warrants,'and Precept1, and to register all Orders,

Decrees, and Judgments of the said Court, and do all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as are dirrfted or required to be done by the said Clerk, by virtue of this Add, and shall enter and register, or cause to be entered and registered, in proper Books, to be kept for that Purpose, all the Acts and Pioceedings of the said Court of what Nature or Kind f ever: Provided nevertheless, that the respective Clerks of the said Court shall be answerable or accountable for all Acts, Receipts, Matters, and Things to be done, received, or tianDfted by their respective Deputies.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Nenltft or Refusal of the said Commissioners, a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners shall not be present to act in the Execution of this Act as is herein directed on any of the Days appointed for holding of the said Cours, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawrul to and for any of the said Commissioners who shall be present, and if no Commissioner shall be present, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Clerk or his Deputy for the Time being, to adjourn the Did Court to the next Wednesday or fume earlier Day.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk and Cryerof the said Court shall do and perform in their respective Offices, as they shall be directed or appointed by the said Commissioners; and the several Serjeants of the said Court shall serve all Summonlrs, and execute such Orders,

Warrants, and Precepts, and do and perform all such other Acts, Matters, and filings as may be required to be done by them respectively by virtue of this Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any such Clerk, Deputy Clerk, Displacing Serjeant, Cryer, or other Officer shall be guilty of any Misbehavicur °fficcisf"r either by Neglect or Breach of Duty, or in taking greater Fees than are Ml!c01lclu,:, by this Act allowed to be taken, or otherwise, in the Discharge of their

[Loc. Ss5 Per.] 8 N repeClive

Clerk, Cryer,

and Serjeanr to

execute their Offices,

C’erk may adjourn the Court if Com* milhoners do not attend.

693

No Victualler nor Commit fionerto act as Clerk.

694 4 GE 0RGII III. Cap. 43.

respective Offices, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made upon Oath in open Court, (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to administer), the said Commissioners of the said Court then fitting shall and they are hereby dirtcied and required to enquire into the Nature of the said Complaint, and if it shall appear to be well founded, then such Commissioners, or the major Part of them so fitting in Coure as aforesaid, are hereby directed and required to cause the whole Number of Commissioners of the said Court residing within the Jurisdiction of the said Court to be summoned to meet at a convenient Time and Place, which Meeting shall be holden not sooner than Fourteen Days nor more than Thirty Days after such Summons; and of which Meeting Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing shall be given to the Person or Persons respectively for the Time being authorized to appoint an Officer in the Place of the Party so complained of, specifjingin such Notice the Time and Place of such Meeting, and the Cause of Complaint; and the said Commissioners at such Meeting, or the major Part of them present, shall and may examine and consider the Merits of such Complaint, and if it shall appear to such Commissioners of the said Court, or the major Part of them, upon due Examination of Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to administer), or by other legal Evidence, that the said Clerk, Deputy Clerk, Serjeani, Cryer, or other Officer hath or have been guilty of such Misbehaviour or Breach of Duty as aforesaid in his or their Office or Offices, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of the said Court, or the major Part of them, to suspend, dismiss, or remove such Clerk, Deputy Clerk, Serjeant, Cryer, or other Officer, from his or their Office or Offices.

ttToite'r'their8 be further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and

Proceedings, they are hereby required to make, or cause to be made, fair and and such En- regular Entries in a Book or Books to be provided by them for deme? C " that Purpose, of all the Judgments, Acts, Orders, Directions, Regulations and Proceedings of them the said Commissioners relative to the Execution of the several Powers and Authorities vested in them by this Act, and also of the Names of the Commissioners who shall be present at their respective Meetings t and such Entries shall be signed by the Chairman of each respective Meeting; and such Entries when so signed, and such Book and Books, shall be allowed to be read in Evidence, in Proof of the Proceedings of such Court in all Coons whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are htreby enabled to decide and determine all Deputes and Differences between Party and Party for any Sum r.ot exceeding Five Pounds in all Actions or Caules of Debt, whether such Debt shall arise from any Bond, Bill, or Specialty, for the Payment of Money only, or any Promissory Note or Inland Bill of Exchange, or Lr Rent upon Leases, Articles, Minutes, and in all Caules of Assumpsit and Iiiffinul Computaffet, and in all causes or Actions of Trover and Conversion, and in all causes or Returns founded on a Quantum Merui', and

What Debtr may be dtei-ded by the Cominil-sioners.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 43. 695

in all causes or Actions of Trespass or Detinue for Goods and Chattels taken or detained.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act To what contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to as to enable the said Commissioners to determine the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, tend-or Hereditaments, or Real Estates whatsot-vcr; or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt where the Title of the Freehold or Lease for Years of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Chattels Real whatsoever shall be brought or come into quest:on, nor to any Debt for any Sum being the Balance of an Account on Demand originally exceeding Five Pounds, or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that shall arffe by reason of the Occupation o! Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate elsewhere than in the said Parish of Manchester , or by reason of any Cause concerning Ttftament or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Courr, or for or concerning any Agreement by Way of Comp Tition for or by Way of Retainer of Tythes, nor to any Debt for any Money or Thing won at or by means of any Horl'e Race, Cock Match, Wager, or any Kind of Gaming or Play; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall Atfions not extend, or be confirm'd to extend, so as id enable any Plaintiff to fplic or t» belt-lit. divide any Cause or Action for the Recovety ol any Debt where the whole

Sum which shall appear to be due and owing shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, in order that the fame may be made the Ground of Two or mote causes or Actions, for the Purpose of bunging such causes or Actions within the Jurisdiction of the said Clurt; and in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners that any Plaintiff shall have fa split or divided his or her Cause or Action as aforesaid, then and in evtry such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to difnils withCofts every such Cause or Action lo split or divided, but such DifmilLl shall not hinder or prevent such Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her Debt in any of His Majest>’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or in such other Manner as he or she may lawfully proceed.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Plaintiff, But Action who shall have lo split or divided such his or her Cause or Action shall be n]ay be- split if willing to accept such Sum of Money as the said Court is in and by this Act enabled to adjudge, decree, and pronounce in full of the Whole of his C:ive ‘be Sum or her Demand in such Cause or Action lo split or divided, then and in |° fuiuTnlu'1 every such Case the said Comm ffioners shall and may adjudge, decree, Uemandi. and pronounce, en such Plaintiff proving his or her Cause or Cafe to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, such Sum to the Plaintiff, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, as to the said Commissioners shall seem just and reasonable, and such Sum shall in the Judgment or Decree to be pronounced by the said Commissioners be declared to be and shall be in full Discharge of all Demands from the Defendant to the Plaintiff in such Cauleor Cale so split or divided.

!XXV. And,

696

For summon-ii>S the Commissioners.

Commidio'i-er> nny act altnough not summoned.

Commissioners may summon Debtor? and make OrJer> for Payment of Debts.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

XXV. And, to the Intent that no undue Preference may be made and given in summoning the said Commissioners appointed or to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, to attend the said Court; be it further enacted, That the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court for the Time being, to be no-niinated and appointed by virtue of this Act, shal] be and he ant! they is and are hereby tequired to summon in each and every Week, by Notice in Writing to be left at the respective Lift or usual Places of Abode of the Commissioners to be so summoned. Ten of the Commissioners to attend the said Court as Commissioners for the Week next ensuing; and the first Ten C immissioners to be summoned shall be the Ten Commissioners whoie Names shall lbnd fhft upon the Lift hereby directed to be hungup in the Court or Meeting Place of the said Commissioners; and the next Ten Commissioners to be so summoned shall be the Five Commissioners whose Names shall (land next in such Lift; and the Five last Commissioners *ho were summoned to attend the lad preceding Court, and so in like Manner Ten Commissioners shall be summoned for each ensuing Week, in Order and Rotation, until such Lift shall be gone through, and then such Lift shall begone through again.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to exclude any of the Lid Commissioners for the Time being from fitting in the said Court, although such Commissioners shall not have been summoned, or ffand in Rotation to be summoned; but that each and every such Commissioner, if he shall think fit lo to do, shall and may fit and hear and assist in determin.ng, giving Judgement, and making Orders and Decrees in the said Court, and shall have the like Powers and Authorities as any Commissioner so summoned as aforesaid, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Meeting of the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and far any Person or Persons (in case such Person or Persons shall reside within the Jurisdiction of the said Court) having any Debt or Debts, (save and except as herein excepted) not exceeding the Value of Five Pounds, due or owing or belonging to him, her, or them in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Person or Persons, or as Executor or Atimi-nistrator, Guardian, Assignee, or Trustee to any Person or Persons, or due, owing, or payable to him as Collector of any Rates or Taxes, or as Clerk or other Officer to any Club or Friendly Society duly a flu cu ted and constituted by the Statutes in that case made and provided, or in any other Manner whatsoever, which the said Commissioners by this Act are enabled to judge and determine, and not expressly prohibited by this Act, by or from any other Person or Persons whaefotver inhabiting and residing within the said Parish, or keeping and using any Hpufe, Warehoqfc, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Sited, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing or working, or generally using and frequenting the Markets there as a Deafer; or seeking a Livelihood, to apply to the Clerk of the Court for iheTitnc being, or his Deputy, who shall immediately make out and deliver to One of the Serjeants of the said Court for the Time being, a Summons in Writing, under the Hand of the said Clerk, dirtfted to such

P* isajDcbtuf

697

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and dating the Particulars of such Demand or Cause of Action, together with the Name of the Party demanding the fame, and requiring him, her, or them to appear at a certain Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons before the Commissioners of the said Court to answer such Demands, and such Serjeant shall forthwith serve, or cause such Sumnhons to be served on such Dtbcor or Debtors, either personally, or by leaving the fame with his, her, or their Servant, or other Person belonging to him, her, or them, or at the Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, S ail, Stand, or other Place of dealing of such Debtor or Debtors, such Summons in all Cafes being served within the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and upon due Proof made of such Summons having been duly served in Manner aforesaid, the said Commissioners present in Court, such Number present not being less than by this Act directed, are hereby required and empowered to make due Enquiry concerning such Demands or Plaints, and make such Orders therein, and pass such Sentence and Judgment thereupon, and award such reasonable Costs of Suit, as to them shall seem right and proper, confident with the Rules and Regulations in this Act contained.

XXVIII. And, for the better Difccvery of the Truth, and more solemn Determination of the Matters and causes which shall be depending in the said Court, be it further enacted, That ir shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in the said Court to administer. an Oath or Oaths or Affirmation or Affirmations to any Officer of the said Court, or to any Party or Parties whom they the said Commissioners shall think proper to (xamine, tourhing the Matter then in question, and also to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by each Party, and also to any other Person or Persons whole Evidence shall seem necessary towards the hearing or determining any of the said causes or Actions, or making an Order or Decree therein, or for any other Purpol'e requisite for the better Execution of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any such Cause or Action as aforesaid, or of any Cause of Action, except such as is stated in the said Summons hereby directed to be given, nor shall any Evidence be admitted on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants on the Trial of such Gaqle or Action of any Demand he, she, or they may have on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in the Nature of a Set-off, to lessen or discharge himself, herself, or themselves from such Demand or Caule of Action, unless Notice thereof in Writing has been given to the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, by personal Service, or by leaving it at his, her, or their Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working, previous to the Day when such Matter or Cause shall be heard or tried.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor or Debtors, who shall have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall not appear either inPerfop, or by his, her, or their Agent, orfome other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, before the said Court at the Time and Place mentioned in the Lid

[Loc. b5 Per.'] 8 0 Summons,

Commissiofl-

ers may ad*

miitifter

Oaths.

No Evidence to be given by Plaintiff' beyond the Matter of the Summons, See.

If f)ebtor Joes n--t appear Judgment may be given.

698 48* GEORGII III. Cty.43.

Summons, then and in e ery such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said ComrT'iffineis a Rem bled in the said Court, after Proof made upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons in Manner aforesaid, to hear the Cause on the Part of the Piain';flf or Plaintiffs ottlyj and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, and to award such reasonable Costs of Suit as to them shall seem fight and proper, confident with the Rules and Regulations in this Act contained.

XXXI. And be it further enadeil, That if upon any Day of the Return of any Summons issued on the Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, or of the Cause or on Account of which Suit, Summons shall have been issued, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, either in Person or by his, her, or their Agent, or some other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Demands, to the Satisfaction of the faio Courr, but shall become nonfuiied, or Judgment shall be pronounced against him, her, or them by the said Court, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in Court, and they are hereby required to award to the Defendant or Defend ants such reason-able Coffs, and such reasonable Satisfaction for his, her, or their Trouofe and Attendance, as they the said Commifli >ners in their Discretion shall thick fir, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Pla.ntifts to pay the fame, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Debts ordered or decreed by the said Court.

Commission.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in any Cause, Action, or Cafe er* may award where the said Commissioners shall have made an Order or Decree, for against the the Payment of Money, it shall and may he lawful to and for the said

Body or Commissioners present in Court to award Execution, either against the

G°ods. Body or Goods of the Party against whom such Order or Decree shall be made, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer of the said Courr, at the Prayer of the Party protecting such Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, to issue a Precepc under his Hand and Seal by way of Capias ad Satisfaciendum, or Fieri Faci..s. to One of the Serjeants of the said Court, who by virtue of such Precept, issued upon Execution awarded against the B dy of such Party, shall and

may and he is hereby empowered to take such Party, being within the

Jurilclidlion of the said Court, ami carry him, her, or them to the common Gaol of the said County Palatine of Lancaster, there to remain until he, ft'.e, or they shall perform and obey such Order, Decree, or Judgment for the Space of Time herein in that Behalf particularly directed; and in case any such Precept shall be issued upon bxccution against the Goods and Chattels of such Party, such Serjeanr b all and may, and he is hereby empowered to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Party, being within the Jurtl-diction of the said Court, such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs as shall be so ordered, decreed, or adjudged; and if the Party against whose Body or Bodies any such Execution shall be awarded, and Proccls thereupon shall issue, shall by ablcortding, or by iVcreting or removing his, her, or their Goods br Chattels',' or by any other Means prevencor evade the Service cr Effect of any such Execution, it shall and may be ' - ' t ' A 1 lawful

If Plaintiff does not appear Defendant to have Coffs.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 43, 699

lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in the said Coutt, upon due Proof made thereof before them by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Discretion to award further Execution either against the Body or Go-ds and Chattels of such Party, and Process shall issue thereupon and be served by One of the Serjeants of the said Court in Manner aforesaid, until the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be fully paid and fatnfied, and it shall and may be lawful to and fur the said Cutnmissioners from Time to Time, in case they shall think fir, for the Ease and Convenier.ee of the Defendant or Defendants ^and they are hereby authorized and empowered) to order, decree, or adjudge any Debt due to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid by several Payments or Installments, and under such Terms and Conditions as may appear reasonable and just to them the said CommifGonetsfor the Ease of the Defendant or Defendants, and the Security of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in Court, in case any Default or Failure of any such Payments or Instalments so ordered, decreed, adjudged, and diiedled, shall afterwards be made, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, to award Execution against the said Defendant or Defendants or against any other Person or Persons who may have given Security to the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs under the Directions of the said Commissioners for the Payment of such Payments or Instalments in Manner aforesaid for the whole Debt, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Costs as to them shall seem just and reasonable, and such Debt or such Part thereof, and such further Costs shall be recovered by the fame Ways and Means as are heitin provided for the Recovery of the Debt and Costs first decreed.

XXXIII. And, asit may happen that Persons served with Process issuing out R-'r05 of of the said Coure of Requests may, in order to avoid Execution, remove miybc "e-their Persons and Effects beyond the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the into said Court; be.it therefore enacted, That in all Cafes where a final De- [nd'wnffoT* cree or Judgment for any Sum or Sums exceeding Ten Shillings shall Eexcution have been obtained in the said Courr, it shall and may be lawful to issue‘1, and for any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or for the Court of Common PUas for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, upon Affidavit made and filed of such Decree or Judgment being obtained, and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Person or Persons of the Defendant or Defendants, cr his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and of the Precept of Execution having issued against the Person or Persons or Effects, as the Case may be, of the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Person or Persons, Goods and Chattels of such Defendant or Defendants is cr are not to be found within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or Commissioner authorized to take Affidavit', and it shall and may be lawful to and for such superior Coure to cause the Record of the said Decree or Judgment to be removed into such superior Court, and to issue Writs of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or-Place, against the Person or Persons or Effects of the Defendant or Defendants in the same Manner as upon Judgment obtained in the said Courts at Westminster

7 or

700

Clerk to in-<lc,rle Debt a mi Colts on tit* Precept.

Process not to issue against Body and Goode.

Commissioners may luf-p:n:l Proceedings in Cafes of Sickness, of Defendant, or Inability to pay.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

or Court of Common Pleas at Lancaster; and the Sheriff upon every such

Execution shall and he is hereby authorized to detain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum of Ten Shillings be paid to him in case such Execution shall be issued for any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, or until the Sum of Twenty Shillings be paid to him in case such Execution shall be for any Sum exceeding Forty Shillings, or to levy the same Sums respectively out of trie Effects, according to the Nature of the Execution, for the extraordinary Costs of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the said Court subsequent to the said Decree or Judgment and of the Execution in the fupetior Court, over and above the Money for which such Execution shall be issued.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That upon each and every Precept to be issued upon Execution awarded against the Bady or Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons whomsoever, the Clerk of the said Court shill indorse, or caufr to be indorsed, the Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs so ordered, decreed, and adjudged, and if the Party or Parries against whom such Execution shall be awarded re/pedlively, shall before any actual Sale of the Goods ai d Chattels, or before he, she, or they, is or are apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment as herein mentioned, pay or cause to be paid or tendered unto the Clerk of the said Court such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs, together with the Fee or Fees herein directed to be paid to the Clerk as a Compensation for his Trouble in receiving the fame, and in entering an Acknowledgement and Satisfaction in full for such Sum or Sums of Money and Colls, then and in every fu-h Cafe the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body or Goods and Chattels of the said Party or Parties shall be discharged and let at Liberty.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for the said Commissioners to issue any Process against the Body or Bodies of any Person or Persons in any Case or Cafes where the Party entitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgment, or Decree, shall at the same Time have obtained any Warrant or Process against the Goods and Chattels of the same Person or Persons.

XXXVI. And be it further er.acted. That incase it shall at any Time, during the Hearing of any Cause in the said Court, appear determined by the Oath of any Person or Persons, to the Satisfaction of the major Part of the Commissioners present at the Court at which such Cause shall be heard, that such Debtor or Debtors is or are unable, from Skkneis or unavoidable Accident, to pay and discharge the Debt or Debts for which he, she, or they shall have been so summoned, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the major Parc of the said Commissioners assembled at any such Court or Courts as aforesaid, if they shall think it reasonable or necessary to suspend hr supersede the Proceedings in such Cause, until it shall upon like Proof ds aforesaid appear to the Court thatiuch Debtor or Debtors shall be able to pay such Debt or Debts j and then to proceed again in Manner aforesaid; any Thing htfr'ein contained to the cOhtrary nbrwi:hftamiing.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper or Keepers ft r the Time being f the Common Gaol of the said County Palatine cf I.aii-coJltr[hall and m »y, and they are hereby require ! to rc<e vc and take into the.r Cust. d) tcspectively all and every Pe. Ion or Persons who shall be committed or ordered to Hand committed by the said Cxnnrflioners, or any Three or more of them piefent in Court; and in case the Keeper or Keep rs of the fai i Gaol shall r\-gleft or iefufe to receive anti take into his 01 their Custody any Pet Ion or Persons committed by virtue of this Act, or fhiil, before the Expiration of the Time fur which any Person or Perlohs shall be committed to hi? or thei-Cufl >dy, difeha'gc such Person or Persons out of his or their Custody, and wilfully fuller such Person or Persons to go at large without a Wariant or Ortlerfor that Purpose in Writing signed in Court by the said Commissioners or any Three or moie of them, lueh Keeper or Keepers resptftivtly so offending in tith.er of the said Cafes, and being thereof' convicted btfioe any One or more of His Majesty's Juff ices of che Pea. e for the said County Palatine of Lancnjler, upon the Oath of One or more i reriible Witness or Witnesses ("which Oath such Justice or Justices is nnd are hereby authorized and required to adminiflei), or upon h s, her, or their own Conlession, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, at the Eif-cretion of the said Justice or Justices, and in case such Sum shall not be immediately paid by the Person or Pc;Ions so offending into the Hmds of the said Justice cr Joffices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, then and in every such Case such Sum shall be levied by D stress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders by Warrant under the Hind and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender or Offenders, after deducting the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale; and such Forfeiture when so paid, levied,or tecovered shall be diflnbuced amongst the Poor of the Towns of Manch Jler and Salford, «i:hinthe said Parch of Manchtder, in like Manner as the several other Fines and Penalties are by this Act directed to be distribuced; and in cale sufficient Dillrcfs shall not be found, it shall and may be ia/rful to and for the said Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the County Palaiioe of Lancaster, fur any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Cuffs and Charges attenuing such Conviction, be sooner paid and discharged.

XXXVIII. And be it further enactrd, That no Privilege shall be allowed to exempt any Person liable to be summoned by virtue of this Act from the Jurisdictiun of the said Court of Requests, on Account of his being a Iworn Attorney or Solicitor, or other Officer of any of His M.-jrfty’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or of any other Court whatiocver; but that all such Attomic', Solicitors, and other Officers shall be subject :o the several Processes, Orders, Judgments, and Executions of the said Court of Requests, in the same Manner as any other Person or Persons is and arc subject to the same.

8 P

701

Gaolfn to r-drive Pe: f committed.

No Privilege lo be allowed Attornies.

[Loc. 6f Per.']

7 02

No Attorney lie. to plead.

Fee* to be taken.

48° GEORGII III. Gap,43.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That nofucli Attorney, Solicit!.r, Seri' vener, or any Prrlbn pradiling the Liw, Hi ill be permitted to appear in the said Court of Rrqutfts as an Attorney Solicitor, or Advocate for or on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or any other Pcif>n, or be admitted to speak before the said Court in any C lufe, Action, or Mittet, in which such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scriventr is no: himsel a Parry or Wit-nels; and in case any Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener shall appear in the said Court of Requells as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate, before the said Court in any Cause, Action, or Matt r, in which such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener, is not himself a Party or Witness, then and in every such Case such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener so offending shall, for every Left Offence, forfeit and pay any Sam not exceeding Fifty P unds on being convicted thereof before ar.y Two or more of His Molly’s Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justices are hereby authorized and required to administer) or on his own Confrflion; and in case such Sum of Money shall not be paid forthwith by the Person or Persons so offending into the Hsnds of the said Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, then and in every such Cah. such Sum of Money shall be levied by Distrtfs and Sale of the Goods 3nd Chattels of the Offender by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices, rendering the Overplus (ifany) to such Offender after deduding such Fire or Ft rfeiture, and the C its and Charges of such Distrtfs ar d S le j and such Fine, when so paid or levied and rccovired, shall be distributed an.ongst the Poor of the said Towns of Manchester and Salford, in the li!<cM rnntr as the several other Fines and Penalties are by this Act directed to be dif-tiibuted.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the several Fees and Sums of Money herein-after limited and cxpiefled, shall be and . re hereby authorized and allowed f> be demanded upon and for the several Processes, Ad<, Matters, and Things herein-after mentioned, over and above any Sum or Sums of Money which any such Processes may be subject or liable to in tefped of Stump Duties (if liable thereto); that is to lay,

ASSISTANT BARRISTER’S FEES.

Upon every Summons issued Upon every Hearing or Trial Upon every Nonsuit - u

Upon evciy Judgment or Order entered upon every Tiial or Nouftfft -

Upon every Attachment or Execution issued

On DeLts not cx ceding Fuiiy Shillings. On Deors exceeding Forty hillings.

j. d. s» d.

O 6 1 0

0 6 I 0

0 0 1 0

0 6 1 0

0 6 1 0

CLERK’S

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 43

703

On Debt* On Debts

not exceed- exceeding

ing Forty Forty

CLERK'S FEES. Shillings. Shillings.

x. d. d.

For entering every Cause - - 0 4 0 9

IHiiing every Summons - KTuing every Subpoena (not including more than Four 0 4 0 9

Witnesses) - - 0 6 1 0

Every Hearing or Trial - - 0 6 I 0

Swearing every Witness, Plaintifi, or Deienda nt - 0 2 0 4

Every Nonsuit - Drawing up and entering every Judgment or Order 0 6 I O

upon every Trial or Nonsuit Paying Money into Court in full, and entering Satis- 0 6 I 0

faction in Books ... If by Instalments dd. in the Pound more. Every Search in the Books (except where the Commissioners shall otherwise direct, in making Regulations respecting the Suitors Money paid into 0 6 1 0

Court) .... © 3 0 6

issuing every Attachment or Execution CRYER’S AND SERJEANT’S FEES. For calling the Plaintiff and Defendant in every 1 0 1 6

Cause - - - For serving every Summons, Order, or Subpoena, upon every Defendant or Witness within One Mile of 0 2 0 3

the Court House - - If above One Mile, then Extra for every Mile from 0 4 0 6

the Court House ... For the Execution of any Warrant, Precept, or Attach- 0 2 ° 3

ment against the Goods or Body If above One Mile, then Extra for every Mile from 1 0 1 6

the Court House - . If an Assistance Serjeant should be necessary in thejudg- 0 2 0 3

ment of the Commissioners, then for the Assistance If above One Mile, then Extra for every Mile from 0 6 1 0

the Court House ... For carrying every Defendant or Delinquent to Prison (including all Expences and Assistants), for every Mile One Shilling. 0 2 0 3

And the said Commissioners ffia!l and they are hereby required to han<v up and affix, or cause to be hung up and affixed, a Fable of all Arch Fees in some conspicuous Place or the said Court or F’^cf Meeting of the said Commissioners in order that all Persons i iT-^rned may be enabled 10 perule the same.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where any Wages or any other Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, not exceeding the Sum of

Debts due to Persons under Age may be recovered.

4-8® GEORGII in Cap. 43.

oFFive Pounds shall be due and owing to any menial Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shouwoman, Afl.ftmr, Labourer, or any other Person whatsoeeer, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Seiv^nt, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Snopwoinan, Assistanr, Labourer, or other Person to l’ue for and recover stich Debt in the said Court, in the same Manner 5s :she or she were t,f full Age; and the said Comm dinners present in the said Court are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance of and proceed in alLCauses concerning fetch Debts, in the same Manner and shall have such and the lame Pow.rs in regard thereto, as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs were of full Age.

XLII. And be it further enacted, Thit the said CommifSohers or the major Part of them, at any General Meeting thereof a(f mbl d puiluant to Notice in Writing for that Purpose to be given by the Clerk or One of his Depvnies to the said Commissior.ers for the Time being, the Number of Commifii mers then p eknt not being Ids than Stven, shall and m.iy, and they are hereby empowered and dirrfted to make, ordain, and conliitute such Rules and Regulations as to them shall ferm meet, for fccuiing the Balances and other Sums of Money belonging to the Suitors of the said Court in the Han 's of the Clerk or Clerks of the said Court, or their ttspective Deputies, wh'ch at any Time, from and after the passing cf this Act, may be bytfntn or either or any of them received, and for the due accoui tmij for and Ap| lit ration of all such Bal nces ani other Sun s of Mcney, and also for auditing the Accounts at leak Once in every Year, a ,ti uftener if they shall dtem nectfla y.

LiTitation of

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Perrors whon soever I upiiiomnent. wj1Q be committed to the said Gaol by Order of the said Coure

for any Debt 61 Debts shall be kept or continued in C. flody on any Pretence whatsoever (except in Cafes herein-after provided for) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time, from the Time of his or their C m-mitmenc to Prison than is or are herein-.fter limited in that Behalf, rh it is to lay, where the Debt (exclusive of Cods) do-s not exceed the S-mr £ Twenty Shillings, then he, file, or they shall not be kept or continued in Custody for more than Twenty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) is aboveTwenty Shillings and dots not exceed Forty Shillings, then no more than Forty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive cf CofLj is above Forty Shillings and does net exceed Three Pounds, then no moie than Sixty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Colls) is above Three Pounds and does rot exceed Foui Pounds, then not more than Eighty Da;, s; and where the D.bt (exclusive of Cells) is above Four Pounds, then t.ot more than One hundred D tys, from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment; and the Keeper or Keep;rs if the said Gaol is and are hereby dirtfted and requited to discharge such Person or Persons accordingly.

Except ef

XLIV. And in order the m me efLclcTHlIy to prevent Persons summoneJ Debtors con- for Debts to tjiftj&ld Court from the fraudulent Concealment^ i f their r*Goodi°nty Money or Goo be it further en-fled, That in upon the Summons of any Person for any Debt or Debts before the said Court, Information of any such Practice shall be given, such Coutt shall have Power to hear Ev.dence as to such fraudulent Concealment, and in case, 4 it

7 Of

Commissioi.ers may irake Rules rt lpeflin» Suiters Mo-

-y

48° GEORGII III. Gap^z- 1°S

it shall be proved to their Satisfaction, upon the Oath cf One of more Witness or Witnesses, (which Oaih the said Court is hereby empowered to administer) that any such Debtor has Money or Goods which ha or (lie has iraudulently and wilfully concealed, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to enlarge the aforesaid Time of Imprisonment to any Period in addition thereto, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XLV. And be it further enacted, Thar all and every Person and Persons who shall betaken in Execution under or by virtue of any Process issuing f^p'rate from or out of the said Court of Requests, and who at the Time of his, Debti. her, or their being taken in Culfody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment, shall have more than One Execution ag2inft him, her, or them in the said Court, shall be imprisoned the Time by this Act limited for and in respect of fuefi Execution, and after the Time so limited in the first Execution is expired, the Imprilbnmenton the Second Execution shall commence, and after the Time so limited on the Second Execution is expired, the Imprisonment on the Third Execution shall commence, and so on until he, she, or they shall have been imprisoned the lime by this Act limited for and in respect of each separate Execution to be issued against him, her, or them in the said Court, previous to his, her, or their being taken into Coitody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the connary notwithstanding.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person imprisoned by virtue of this Act (h ill, on the Expiration of his or her Time of Im- fdJ prisonmcnr, be oilcharged and let at Liberty without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or other Gratuity what-fuever, to the Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys, of (he said Gaol, or others, by way of Gaol Fees or Discharge Fees, or on any other Pretence whatsoever; and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Gaol, or any other Person whomsoever shall demann, take, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever upon the Discharge of any such Person or l’ersons so committed to his or their Charge or Cuffady as aforesaid, or shall keep or detain any such Person or Persons aiter the Time by this Act limited for his, her, or their Imprisonment, every such Keeper, Turnkey, and other Person shall, for every such OlTence, foifcit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster to hear and determine every such Offence, and such Two Justices are hereby authorized and required upon any Information exhibited 01 Complaint made before them of such Offence having been committed, in case such Information shall be exhibited or Complaint made within Three Calendar Months after the Offence committed, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fast, and ttpen due Proof made thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the voluntary Confession of the Party accused, to give Judgment or Sentence '*c*&tc!i Penalty or Forfeiture aforesaid; and in case such Penalty or Forgrt^ re shall not be forthwith paid, to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals for levying such Penalty and Forfeiture by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Cliat-tels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus, if any, after [_Loc. & Per.J 8^ deducting

7°6 4S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

deducing such Penalty and Forfeiture, and the Cnfts and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be frond, it shall and may be lawful to and for such juf. tices to commit loch Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, foi any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, un'efs such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Cnfts and Charges attending such Conviction, be tooner paid and discharged, and One Moiety of such Penalty and Forfeiture, when paid or received, shall be paid to the Person or Persons informing or filing for the fume, and the other Moiety to the Clerk to the said Commissionets, and the lame shall be by the said C jmmiffuntrs diitribuccd amongst the Poor of the said Towns of Mambejier and Salford :n such Share, and Pro* poaions as to the said Commissioners shall seem right and proper.

Serjeant "eg-

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Serjeant or Serjeants, or leetmK hi, other Officer or Officers of the said Court, employed to serve any Execu-o/e DebtT* t'011j foid'r by wiltul Ncghft, Omission, or Connivance, cause or suffer the Party, against whom such Execution shall be awarded, to escape or ab-fcond, or the Goods of such Party to be cairitd away or ferreted, lo that such Execution shall not have its due Effect, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof marie upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses to order such Serjeant to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which such Execution was awarded by the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the fame Ways and Means as herein are provided for Recovery of their Debts, and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby enabled to impose my Fine, not exceeding Ttn Pounds for every such Offence, on such Serjeant or Serjeants, Officer or Officers, and such Fine if not forthwith Daid shall anti may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, rendering the Overplus, if any, after deducting such Fine, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Fine, when" so levied and recovered, shall be paid to and distributed by the said Commissioners, in such Shares and Proportions, and in such Manner, amongst the Pour of the said Towns of Manchester and Salford, as they the said Comm.flioners may think fit and proper.

Officer; not to take any Fees except those allowed by the Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk, Deputy Clerk, Ser. jeant,or Cryer, or any other Officer or Servant, employed by the said Commissioners in putting this Act or any of the Powers thereof in Execution, shall exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than and' except such Fees as areappointed and allowed to them respectively by virtue of this Act, for nr on account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatever relative to putting this Act into Execution, every such Peil’on so offending shall, upon Conviction thereof before the said Commissioners at any of their Meeting', or upon Verdict or Judgment being had against him in such Aftton as next herein-after mentioned, be for ever incl 'c of serving or being errployed under this Act in any Office of Profit oTEmolument, and shall, over and above forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in 2 any

707

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

any of rJis Majesty's Coons of Record at (f'cstmlnstrr, within Three C deodar Months after the Offence committed, in which Action or Suit no Essoign, Protection, or Wager ot Law, or more chah One Imparlance fluff be allowed.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That'in case ahv Person or Persons refit!- \vitn2u°*»ot ing or being within the Jurisdiction of the said Courr, after having been attending, duly served with a Subpoena or Summons to be issued by the Clerk of the said Court of Requtfts, and paid or tendered his or her reasonable Expences, to attend and give his, her, or their Evidence at a Time and Place in such '-ubpoena or Summons mentioned, ori Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall neglect or rtfufe to appear pursuanc to such Subpoena or Summons, due Proof being made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and nosufficient Cause for his, her, or their Absence or Non-appearance being shewn to the SatFfaction of the said Court, and Oath being made before the fate! Commissioners by the Party or Parties at whose Instance and on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued, rhat the Person or Pe:suns served therewith was or were a Witness or WitnesscS by such Party or Parties judged necessary for the Proof of his, her, or thetr Cause or causes, Action or Actions, Complaint or Complaints, Defence or Defences, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to impose any Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds on such Person or Persons; and in case such Fine shall not be paid forthwith, such Fine shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, rendering the Overplus (if any), after deluding such Fine, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Fine, when lb paid, levied, or recovered, dull be paid over to the Party or Parties at whose Instance or on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons shall have been issued; and in cale sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the said Commissioners to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol of the said County Palatine of L&hcaster, for any Time noc exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons upon Exa- Punishinij mination on Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners in any Ac- of Perjury*11^ tion, Cause, or Matter depending in the said Court of Requells, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in Execution of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear or affirm any Matter or Thing, which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall brand is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law or Statute, Laws or Statutes, in force or Effcdl, Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner off4* F»id Court for the Time being, shall be Party to, or concerned or int" d in any ers or Officer Ciufe, Adbon, or Matter depending in the said Court, of ..iall be the wheitk? Father, or Son, or Brother of any Person or Persons concerned or imerested termed, in any lu-.fi Cause, Action, or Matter, such Commissioner shall not be Capable of acting as a Commissioner on the hearing or determining such

Cause,

7°8 48° GEORGII III. 6^.43.

Cause, Action,or M.itter, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, but such Commissioner, after being heard in such Cause, Action, or Matter, shall wirhdraw until the fame be finally determined j and if the Clerk, or his Deputy, or other Officer of the said Court for the Time being, shall be a Party to or interested in any Cause, Action, or Matter, depending in the said Court, such Clerk, Deputy, or other Officer shall not exercise his said Office in such Cause, Action, or Matter, or in any Thing relating thereto, but the said Commissioners forming the said Court shall and may appoint another Person to exercise the Office of such Clerk or Deputy, or other Officer respectively, in all Things relating to such Cause, Action, or Matter.

inTth-'coni- ^TI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall con-niifTionen and temptuously and wilfully abuse all or any of the said Commissioners, or intuited h'*4 any t^le Officers of the said Court for the Time being, during his or their Sitting or Attendance in the said Court, or going to or from the said Court, or shall hinder and obstruct the Proceedings of the said Court, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court, wth or without the Assistance of any < tner Person or Persons, by the Order of the said Commissioners, to tuke such Offender or Offenders into Custody, and the said Commissioners shall examine into such Insult, Abuse, or Misbehaviour, either from their own View or Knowledge of what pa(fed, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnessrs; and upon such Inlult, Abuse, or Misbehaviour, being proved as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to impose a Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds on each and every such Offender or Offenders; and in case such Fine shall not be forthwith piid, such Fine shall and may be levied and re-cove-ed by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the said Commissioners, rendering the Overpltu if any, upon Demand, after deducing such Fine, and the Colls and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the said Fine, when so paid, levied, or recovered, shall be paid to and distributed by the Commissioners, in such Shares and Pro. portions, and in such Manner, amongst the Poor of the said Towns of Manchester and Salford, as they the said Commissioners shall think fit and proper; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful for any Three or more of the said Commissioners to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the County Palatine of Lancaster, for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the said Court shall fix or cause to be affixed or (tuck up in the mod public Part of the said Court, or other Place where the Commissioners of the said Court shall meet, a true Cppy of the preceding Clauseof this Act, to the End that no Person orgfrfons shall or may plead Ignoiance thereof.

LIV. Arkl'oc it further er.acted. That where any Debt shall be due or owing, or demanded from any Two or more Persons jointly, by reason or on Account of such Persons being Partnets in Trade, or otherwise jointly

concerned

Copy of the preceding Clause to he Ituck up in Court.

Where Debt due from two fersons, how Summons to

be served.

4-8° GEORGII III'. Cap. 43. 7°9

concerned, Service of such Summons as aforesaid personally on any one of lurh Partners or Persons, and Notice thereof left ac the last or usual Place or Places of Abode, Warehouse, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working, of the other or others of such Partners or Persons, shall be as good and sufficient as if each of such Partners or Persons were lrparately summoned as aforesaid.

LV. And, for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Limitations ^suVullTof may be pleaded in the said Court of Requests, it is hereby further enacted Limitation*, and declared, That all Defendants in the said Court shall be a'lowed to plead or claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitation in force and Effect and every Defendant lo pleading or claiming, shall have and receive tuch and the like Advantage and Relief thereby, as such Defendant would have been entitled to, in case this Act had not been made, and he, she, or they had been sued for the fame Debt or other Gaule of Action in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or any other Court, and had there pleaded such Statute in Bar to the Action or Suit.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by R«overy and virtue of this Act inhposed (the Manner of levying and recovering where- cjPp<!nalu«. of is not hereby otherwise particularlydirested) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the said Commissioners (which Warrant such Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath) and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattel.', after deducting such Fines ana Penalties, and the Costs and Charges of making, keeping and felling the Diflrels; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered (if not hertin-before directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and shall be by the said Commissioners distributed amongd the Poor of the said Towns of Manchester and Halford in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them,

shall think right and proper; and in case sufficient Didrefs shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol of the County Palatine of Lancaster, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall befooner fully paid and satisfied.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction Form.of Cpn, shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, the Form of the Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following;

(that is to say),

DE it remembered. That on this Days ' H

‘ in the Year of the Reign of y>

A B. isconvifted before of His MaVfty’s Justices of the Peace for the County Palatine of Lancaster [er before Three of the Commissioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within the Parishof Manchester in

> {Lee. Perl] 8 K ‘the

7*c 4-S* GEORGII IiL Cap. 43.

‘ the Cpu.ity Pcn.uine of Lc.ncajlef\ of having [as the Offence shall le] ‘ and I [or, wc] the said do adjudge him, flier, or them] to

‘ forfeit and pay for the fame; such Oft-nce being contrary to the Prt- visions of an Act made in the Forty-eighth Ytar of the Reign of King ‘ George the Thiid, intituled, [hire infer! the Title of this /f<3] the Sum ‘ of Given unuer my Hand and Seal [or our Hands and

‘ Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That where'any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself Hull not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespatfers on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Patties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage by an Action upon the Cafe.

proceeding!

LIX. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Affcfirnentor qoaflwi for Judgment, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any of the want of Form. Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Of fender or Offendtis against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only.

Plaintiff not to

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaint’ffs shall o'l^Noric- 'or recover *n any A&'on to be commenced against any Person or Persons for tier 'lender any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall cf Amends, have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before such Action be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender ot sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and incale no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by leave of the Court alter such Action shall have been brought, at any Time, before Hue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he- (he, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceeding, Order, and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

limitation "of DXl. Provided alway*, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall Actions. be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next afier the Fast committed, and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County Palajme of Lancaster, and not elsewhere; and it any such Action or Suit shall be . ght beforeTwenty-one DaysNotice shall have been given, or after sufficie'n’tSatisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as afotelaul,thco and in every such Case the Jury shall find for , jo the

Witter* net Unlawful for want cf Form

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 4

4

7ix

the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the PIaintiff shall be nonsuited or discontinue his, her,or their ActionorSuit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given again!! such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case (he Defendant or Defendants shall recover Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

LXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act shall Saving clause. extend or be construed to extend to do away, destroy, or prejudice the said Wapentake Court,' or the said Court Baron, or any other Court belonging to the Manor of Manchester, or any Rights, Liberties, Franchises,

Usages, Customs, Royalties, Suits, Services, Privileges, Powers, or Authorities enjoyed with, or appertaining or belonging to the said Wapentake or Hundred of Salford and Manor of Manchester, or either of them.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and public Act* taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for the further Supply of the City and Suburbs of Glasgow, and Places adjacent, with Water.

[27th May, 1808.]

WHEREAS the City and Suburbs of Glasgow, and Places adjacent, are at present very scantily supplied wich Water: And whereas a Company was lately formed under the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Glasgow Water Works, for the Purpose of introducing a Supply of Water from the River Clyde into the said City and Suburbs, from the eastern Extremity of the said City j and the said Company was incorporated by an Act of Parliament, palfed in the Forty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for supplying the City and Suburbs of Glasgow " with Water": And whereas it is of great Consequence to the Proljpe-rity of the said City and Suburbs, and Places adjacent, that the Inhabitants thereof, and Manufacturers, reading the rein, should have a constant and abundant Supply of lo necessary an Article, and at a reasonable Rate: And whereas thele important Objects can be belt accomplished by there being more Companies established and incorporated for supplying the said City and Suburbs, and Places adjacent, with Water, and particularly at the western Extremity thereof; and the several Per-l’ons hereinafter named, being willing to undertake to procure an additional Supply of Water, to be raised from the River Clyde into Reservoirs, to be formed on Parc of the Lands of Cranftonhitl and the adjacent Grounds, in the Barony Parish of Glasgow, and County of Lanerk, situated at the weft Extremity of the said City, which the said Persons have purchased from Richard Gillespie of Southwoodfide, and Walter Logan of Cranftonhill j and to be conveyed from thence, by

\Ltc. & Per.}

8 ,9

Pipes

7*4 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

Pipes under Ground, through and along the Road leading by Amierfion to Glasgow, and through Argyle Street and Troy gate Street, and the other Streets, in Glasgow, from which Pipes such Water is to be distributed'through Anderjton, and the City and Suburbs of Glasgow: bur these Objects cannot be attained without the Aid of Parliament, May it therefore pkafe Your Majesty, That it may be enabled, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the' Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Proprietors. prefect Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Richard Gillespie and Walter Logan, William Glen, Robert Shireff, Charles Shireff, John Semple, Robertion Buchanan, David Mietrie, John Geddes, Colin Gillespie, Henry Hculdsworth, James Laird, Robert Tuille, William Young, Andrew Brocket, John Mair, Robert Fulton, Alexander Andrew Mitchell, William Harley, William Kidston, William Aitken, William M'Whire, James Gillespie, William Scott, Junior, John Blackburn, Mrs. Elizabeth Ritchie, Nathaniel Stevenson, Lhomas Dunlop Douglas, Alexander Lejlie, Archibald Douglas, Allan Bogle, John Maxwell, Robert Bogle, Junior, Hugh Bogle, James Bogle, James Buchanan, Junior, Colin Campbell, and Robert Strulhers, together with such other Person or Persons, and such Bodies Politic and Corporate, or Collegiate, as shall at any Time hereafter be posseflfed of One or more Shares of such Incorporated. Undertaking; and the Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of such several Persons and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, shall be, and they are hereby united into a Company, for supplying the City and Suburbs of Glasgow, with Water from the River Clyde, and for making, completing, and maintaining the necessary Works for that Purpose, and shall be One Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name of the Company of Proprietors of The Cranflonhill Water Works; and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a common Seal, and by that Name shall sue or may be sued; and shall also have full Power to purchase Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to them, their Successors, or Assigns, for the Use of the said Undertaking, but for no other Use or Purpose.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute among themselves a competent Sum of Money for making and maintaining the said Reservoirs, and all other Works and Conveniences belonging or requisite thereto, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, which said Sum of Money shall be laid out and applied in the First Place in discharging the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and the making the proper Surveys, Flans, and Estimates, and the doing and providing of all the Matters and Things^ preparatory and previous thereto, including the Price of the Grounds purchased for the said Reservoirs; and then in the making, completing, and maintaining the said Reservoirs, the Pipes for conveying the Water, and other requisite Works and Conveniences for putting this Act into Execution; and that the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be raised, shall be divided into Shares of Fifty Pounds each; and that the said Shares shall be, and are hereby vested in the several Persons so raising and contributing the lame, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to them and every of their proper

Proprietors to raise Money among themselves for making Reservoirs, &c.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 44. 715

Use and Benefit, proportionally to the Sums they shall severally raise and contribute; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all Persons, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who shall severally subscribe for One or more Share or Shares towards carrying on and completing the said Undertaking, and other Purposes of the said Subscription, shall be entitled to and receive, after the said Reservoirs and other requifue Works and Conveniences shall be completed, and after a Sum of not leis than Three thousand Pounds shall be accumulated in Manner hereinafter mentioned, as a Fund for answering Contingencies, the entire and net Distribution of an equal proportional Part, according to the Money so by them respectively paid, of the Profits and Advantages which shall and may arise and accrue from the Rates and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by the said Company of Proprietors, by the Authority of this Act; and every Body Politic,

Corporate, and Collegiate, Person and Persons, having such Property in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the fame, in Manner herein directed and appointed.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to, and The Com-in the Power of the said Company of Proprietors, or of their Com- pj»r>y, or ilicir mittee of Management aftermentioned, by and with the Advice and ma^bo"ow Direction of any General Assembly of the said Company of Proprie- Sums of tors, to borrow or take up in Loan, at or below legal Interest, or by Money, not way of Annuity, any Sum or Sums of Money, for the Use and Behoof exccedinS of the said Company, not exceeding the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds th°e mole* Sterling in the whole; and to grant, execute, and deliver to, and in

Favour of the Lenders, or those having Right, such Bonds, Obligations, or other Deeds, in writing, as may be required, binding the said Committee of Management and their Successors in Office, and the Trade, Stock, and Estate of the said Company, for Payment of the Sum or Sums so borrowed, with Interest and Penalty, or for Payment of the Annuities agreed upon, with Interest and Penalty, as is usual in such Cases; and such Deeds shall, if necessary, contain the Clauses usual and necessary by the Law of Scotland, for veiling the Lenders of the said Monies, or the Holders of the said Annuities, in the heritable Subjects belonging to the said Company, in Security of the said Sums.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, that nothing herein contained No P(-rlor shall extend to charge or make liable any Person or Persons, Body or anf^eVaoie Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who is, are, or shall be Pro- for more than prietoror Proprietors of the Stock of the said Company, or Contributor t!ieir respector Contributors thereto, or his, her, or their real or personal Estate, live Stock‘ with any Debt or Demand whatever, due or to become due from the said Company, beyond the Extent o( his, her, or their capital Stock, or Share or Shares in the Stock of the said Company, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and Proportions of all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all other Sharre* J° be lerson and Persons of and in the said Reservoirs and other Works, or the

716

48° GF.ORG 11 III. Cap. 44.

the joint Stock or Fund of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be deemed personal Eftatr, and transmissible as such, and not of the Nature of real Property.

tohave'a" be ’r- further enacted, That every Body Politic, Corporate,

Vote Vfor or Collegiate, and every Person who shall, by virtue of this Act, have every Share subscribed or undertaken for One Share in the said Undertaking, his, rot exceeding her, or their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Af-Ten- signs, present at the (fated General Assemblies, and Special General

Assemblies, to be held as herein appointed, shall have a Vote for every such Share, but not exceeding Ten Votes in the whole, although pof-lefled of more than Ten Shares in the said Undertaking; and every Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and every Person who shall, by v virtue of this Act, have subscribed or undertaken for one Share in the said Undertaking, his, her, or their respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who cannot attend such lfated General Assemblies and Special General Assemblies, shall have a Vote for every such Share, but not exceeding Ten Votes in the whole, although possessed of more than Ten Shares in the said Undertaking, by his, her or their Proxy or Proxies, configured under the Seal of such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or the Hand of such other Person, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and every such Vote by Proxy shall be as good and sufficient to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Principal had voted in Person; and every Question, Matter, and Thing which shall be proposed, difeuffed, or considered in any (fated General Assembly, or any Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then present, computing One Vote to every Share, no Proprietor having more than Ten Votes, as aforesaid the Appointment of which Proxies may be made according to the Form following:

" [ A.B. one of the Proprietors of the Cranjionbill Water Works do MinTment of " hereby nominate, constitute, and appoint C.D. to be my Proxy, in " my Name and in my Abl'ence to vote, or give my Aflenc or Dissent " to any Business, Matter, or Thing relating to the said Undertaking, " that shall be mentioned or proposed at any Assembly of the Company of Proprietors of the said Undertaking, in such Manner as he " the said C.D. shall think proper, according to his Opinion, and " Judgment, for the Benefit of the fame, or any Thing appertaining " thereto. In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand, the " Day of ."

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Meetings of the (fated General Assemblies, and Special General Assemblies, shall be held in the said City of Glasgow; and that at all and every of such (fated General and Special General Assemblies, the Parties composing them shall pay their own Expences, the Hire of the Room in which the Meetings shall be held only excepted.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the First General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors for putting this Act into Execution, shall be

Proxies.

Place of

General

Assemblies.

Parties to pay their Expences.

First and other General Assemblies.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 44. 7*7

be held at Glasgow aforesaid, upon the Third Thursday after the passing of this Act, at the Hour of Twelve at Noon; and all future General Aflfemblies of the said Company (except such Special General Assemblies as herein-after mentioned) shall be held on the Third Thursday in the Month of June in every Year, at the Hour of Twelve at Noon; of all which General Assemblies Fourteen Days previous Notice at the lead shall be given by public Advertisement, in Two Newspapers usually published in Glasgow; and the said Company of Proprietors, at such respective General or Special General Assemblies, shall and may appoint a Chairman; and such Chairman shall not only vote as a Proprietor or Proxy, but in case of an Equality of Votes, shall have the decisive or calling Vote: And if, upon any Election of a Chairman, Two or more Persons shall be proposed to fill that Office, and shall have an equal Number of Votes, then the Persons so proposed shall draw Lots for the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear Meetings of that for the more effectually putting this Act into Execution, a Special Proprietor« Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors is necessary to be holden, b'0^e* it shall and may be lawful to and for any Five of the said Proprietors, "

who may be collectively possessed of, or entitled to Thirty Shares at

the lead, in the said Undertaking, or any Three of the Committee of Management appointed as hereinafter mentioned, upon specifying, in Writing subscribed by them, the Purport thereof, to require the Secretary of the said Company of Proprietors to call such Meeting; and the said Secretary shall thereupon convene such Meeting by giving, at lead, Fourteen Days Notice thereof, by Advertisement, to be inserted in Two Newspapers usually published in the said City of Glasgow, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall, at any General Meeting, direct or appoint, specifying in such Notice the Kealon and Intention of requesting such Special Meeting, and the Time when, and Place where the same shall be holden; and the said Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice, and such of them as shall be present personally, or by Proxy, shall proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given to the said Company of Proprietors, with respect to the Matters so specified only, and all such Acts of the Proprietors, or of the major Part of them met together at such Special Meeting, shall be as valid with respect to the Matters specified in such Notice, as if the fame had been done at any General Meeting.

X. And be it further enacted, That Richard Gillespie, Walter Logan, Committee Robert Bogle, Junior, William Glen, Henry Houldsworth, James Laird, of Manage-and Andrew Mitchell, shall be Directors, or a Committee, for the ment *p-Management of the Concerns of the said Company, until the Gene- Pointed-ral Meeting to be holden on the Third Thursday in the Month of

June, One thousand eight hundred and eight, when the Members of the said Committee shall go out of the Direction, and Seven other Directors, holding at lead Four Shares each of the Stock of the said Company, shall be chosen by Ballot or otherwise, in their Room, to continue in the Direction until the General Meeting, to be holden on the Third Thursday in the Month of June, One thousand eight hundred and nine, when Seven other Directors, each holding at lead Four {'Lot. 6? Per.] 8 T Shares

First and other Meetings of the Committee.

Chairman of the Committee and Quorum.

4S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 44*

S'naresas aforesaid, shall be chosen in their Room; and in like Manner a Committee of Management shall be chosen of Seven Persons interested in the Company as aforesaid, at the following Annual Afiem-blies of the said Company of Proprietors, to be a Committee of Management of the Concerns of the said Company, for the Year immediately following their Election: Provided always, That any such Directors going out of the Management as above directed, may be reelected: And provided also, That if there shall not be Seven Persons holding at lead Four Shares each in the said Undertaking, the said Directors may be chosen from among Proprietors holding at lead Two Shares: Provided likewise, That it diall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, 3t any Special Meeting to be convened in Manner herein directed, to remove any Member of the said Committee, and to nominate another Person, qualified as aforesaid, in the Room or Stead of every Member who shall be so removed, or who shall die or refuse to act, cease to be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, or become Bankrupt; and every Person so nominated by the said Special Meeting, shall have the like Power and Authority as if he had been nominated by the said Annual Meeting; but every Person so elected at such Special Meeting shall go out of the Direction at the same Period at which the Person m whose Room he was elected would have gone ouc.

XI. And be it further enacted, That a General Meeting of such Committee of Management shall be held for putting this Act in Execution at Glasgow, on the Second Thursday next after the passing of this Act, and a like General Meeting of the Committee of Management shall afterwards be held Four Times in every Year, for the future, on the First Thursday in the Months of March, June, September, and December respectively, at Twelve of the Clock and it shall be law ul for the Committee of Management to adjourn themselves from Time to Time as they shall think proper.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Directors to elect a Chairman out of the Number then present, to preside at each Meeting, and that any Three or more Members of such Committee, but not less, shall be a sufficient Number to constitute a Meeting, for the Purpose of doing all the Acts, Matters, and Things, and exercising all the Powers and Authorities hereby directed to be done by, and vested in such Committee; and that all Qurftions, Matters, and Things, which shall be proposed, difculTed, or considered by the said Committee, at their Meeting to be held in Manner aforesaid, shall be decided and determined by the Majority of Members then prefenc; but no Member shall have more than One Vote at any such Meeting, save and except, that in the Cafe of an equal Di vision, the Chairman shall always have a calling Vote; and if upon any Election of a Chairman as aforesaid. Two or more Persons shall be proposed to fill that Office, and shall have an equal Number of Votes, then the Persons so proposed shall draw Lots for the fame: Provided always, That if on the Day appointed for any such Meeting of the Committee of Managements aforesaid, there shall not attend so many Members of such Committee as are hereby required to constitute a Meeting for executing the Powers hereby vested in such Committee, then and in

such case, and when and so often as the same shall happen, the Meet-

9

7i9

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

"ing shall be adjourned to any future Day fixed by the Member or Members then present -, or if no Member shall be present, by the Secretary to the said Company of Proprietors, or such other Person as shall attend in his Place: Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee of Management to appoint any of their Number less than Three as Committees for particular Purposes, for the better attending to and traifacting the Business of the said Company, but subject to the Approbation of aQuoium of the said Committee of Management.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Committee of Management, at any such General Meeting as aforesaid, and they are hereby authorized and required, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands, a Treasurer, and One or more Collector or Collectors of the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, and also a Secretary, Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors, and such Engineers, Surveyors, and other Officers, as the said Committee of Management shall think proper and expedient for the better carrying the Purposes of this Act into Execution, the said Committee always taking Security from every such Treasurer, Collector, or other Officer appointed to receive Money by virtue of this Act, for lodging the lame in the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or other Bank to be appointed by the said Committee, as the same shall from Time to Time amount to Fifty Pounds; and the said Committee also taking good and sufficient Security from the Treasurer, Collector, and other Officers, who shall have the Care or Custody of any Money to be raised or received by virtue of this Act, for the faithful Discharge of the Trusts reposed in them; and also from Time to Time to discharge and dismiss any such Treasurers, Secretaries, Clerks, Engineers, Surveyors, Collectors, or other Officers, and appoint others in their Stead, as there shall be Occasion; and that all such Treasurers, Secretaries, Clerks, Engineers, Surveyors, Collectors, and other Officers of the said Company of Proprietors, who shall at any Time quit or be dismissed from the Service of the said Company, and the respective Executors or Admini-strators of those who may happen to die, shall immediately thereupon produce and deliver up to the said Committee of Management, or to such Person or Persons as they shall direct, all Books, Accounts, Writings, and Papers whatsoever, which shall be in the Custody or Power of such Treasurers, Secretaries, Engineers, Clerks, Surveyors, Collectors, or other Officers, Executors or Administrators respectively, in anywise relating to the said intended Undertaking; and the said Committee of Management shall have full Power and Authority, and they are hereby required to balance, or cause to be balanced, the Books of the said Company, to the First Day of May, in every Year, beginning on the First Day of May which will be in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, or at such other Period of each Year asthe said Committee of Management may, from Time to Time, appoint; and the fame being so balanced shall be examined,docqueted, and signed by the major Number of the said Committee of Management, within 1 hree Weeks thereafter, and shall be produced at the General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, to be held upon the Third Thursday in the Month of June in every Year, so that any of the

Proprietors,

Committee of Managers may appoint Officers.

Talcing Security from those who are to have the Custody of Money,

Committee to balance and settle Accounts every Year on the First Day of May.

720

Provision for Contingfn-cies snd Division of Profits.

Committee of Account* may be appointed.

Committee of Management may make call* for Money.

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

Proprietors, attending the said Meeting, may have an Opportunity of inspecting the fame; and an Abstract of the said Balance, shewing the Situation of the Affairs of tht laid Company, shall be signed by the said Commute of Management, and shall be at all reasonable Times, as well as the Books of the Company, patent to all and each of the Proprietors of the said Company, or the known Agents or Attornies of Proprietors residing abroad, or ac a Distance from the said City of Glasgow, at lead Eight Days previous to each General Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors in the Month of June; and the said Committee shall also on the said First Day of May, at lead immediately previous to each Balance in every Year, call for, audit and settle all Accounts of Money received, paid, laid out, and disbursed, up to that Time, for or on account of the said Company of Proprietors, by the Treasurers, Collectors, and other Officers, so to be appointed as aforesaid, or by any other Person or Persons to be employed on behalf of the said Company, in or about the said imended Undertaking: Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the said Committee to call for, audit and settle such Accounts, or any of them, oftener than once a Year, if they shall deem it proper and expedient so to do,

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such a Sum as the said Committee of Management shall think proper, not being less than Three thousand Pounds, shall be let apart out of the Profits to arile from the said Undertaking, to answer Contingences before any Dividend shall be made among the said Proprietors of any Part of the said Profits; and such Sum, lo set apart, shall be lodged in such Bank as the Committee shall appoint, or inverted in Government Securities, or lent out at Interest upon real Security, to be approved of by the said Committee of Management, and the Dividends or Interest thereof, as well as the yearly Profits to arile from the said Undertaking, so soon as such Sum shall have been set apart as aforesaid, shall be divided among the several Proprietors of the said Company, according to the Shares which they shall severally hold in the said Undertaking; but if, from any Accident which may happen to the said Undertaking, the said Sum of Money, or any Part thereof so set aparc, shall be required to repair the fame, no Dividend, to a greater Extent than Five Pounds per Centum per /innum, shall be made of the Profits to anse from the said Undertaking, until the Part thereof, which shall have been l'o expended, shall be replaced, or until anocher Sum, not less than Three thousand Pounds, shall be set apart as aforesaid.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, at any of their General Assemblies, to be holden pursuant to this Act, to appoint Three or more Proprietors of the said Undertaking, not being of the Committee of Management, as a Committee of Accounts, to examine all Accounts of Money received, paid, laid out, and disbursed for or on account of the said Company of Proprietors, and to make a Report thereupon to the next General Assembly of the said Proprietors.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Management shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings as aforesaid, to make such Call or Calls for Money

from

721

4-b0 GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

from the several Subscribers to and Proprietors of the Paid Undertaking, in order to defray the Expences of or carrying on the fame, as ihcy shall, from Time to Time, find wanting and necessary for those Purposes, until the Sums subscribed are paid; so that no such Cal)

shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum for or in respect of every Share in the said Undertaking; and lo that such Calls be made under the Direction of the Committee of Management, and so that Fourteen Days Notice at lead shall be given of every such Call, by Advertisement in some Newspaper usually published in Glasgow, all which Money, so to be called for as aforesaid, shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors, to be issued, paid, and applied for carrying on the said Undertaking in such Manner as the said Committee of Management shall, from Time to Time, order and direct; and that the said Committee of Management May contract shall also have full Power and Authority, at evefy such Meeting as aforesaid, on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, to contract for ‘ '

and purchase all such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, and all such Materials and other Things as shall or may be wanted for the said Undertaking, and the Works hereby authorized to be made; and to treat and agree with any Person whomsoever, touching the Compensation to be made for any Damages to be done in the Exercise of the Powers hereby given; and to enter into and make such Contracts and Agreements with any Contractors, Agents, Workmen, Servants, or other Personsin and about, or for the carrying on of the said Undertaking and Works, or any Part thereof, as shall be thought expedient, and to enter into, and make all such other Contracts, Bargains, and Agreements whatsoever, touching or in anywise concerning the said Undertaking, as they shall think proper, and to order and direct how the several Works shall, from Time to Time, be carried on; and gene- and may ge-rally to direct and manage all and Angular the Affairs and Bufinefsof the said Company of Proprietors, and to do, execute, and perform all gu^nest of Acts, Matters, and Things which the said Company are by this Act the Com-authorised to do; save and except such only as are hereby expressly Pany. directed to be done by the Proprietors at large, at any Meeting or Meetings of such Proprietors to be held as herein mentioned.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Committee of Manage- Committee to ment shall enter, or cause to be entered into Books, to be provided for ®nter l^ir that Purpose at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, a full "ocee lngs' and true Accounc of all Money disbursed, and Payments made by such Committee, and by all and every Person and Persons employed by or under them; and of all Monies that shall be paid to or received by them respectively, for or on account of the said Company of Proprietors; and also a (ull and true Account, or proper Notes and Minutes of every Contract, Bargain, and Agreement which shall be entered into by them respectively, for or on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and of all and singular their respective Orders, Transactions, and Proceedings whatsoever, in and abouc the Affairs and Business of Money not to the said Company; but that no Money shall be issued or paid by the be issued b)r Treasurer to the said Company of Proprietors, for or on account of ^herwife the said Company, otherwise than in (ucn Manner as shall be directed than asdi-by the Committee of Management, at some General or adjourned rected bX Meeting as aforesaid; and every such Book, and all other Books, Pa- cr°"!mi:t"

[Lee. to* Per.l 8 1/

722

Committee of Management nay make Bye-Laws.

Bye-Laws subject to Appeal.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

pers, and Writings belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, shall, at all l'easonable Times, be open to the Inspection of all the said Proprietors, who may take Copies thereof, or Extracts therefrom, without Fee or Reward,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Management shall also have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, at any such Meeting as aforesaid, to make such Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws, as to them shall seem meet and proper for the good Government of the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors, and for regulating the Proceedings of the said Committee of Management; and for the regulating of all Officers, Workmen, and Servants to be employed in and about the Affairs or Business of the said Company of Proprietors; and for the well and orderly using of the said intended Undertaking, and the Reservoirs, Pipes or Aqueducts, and Works thereto belonging; and for the orderly Behaviour of all Workmen, and other Persons who shall be employed in or about the said Undertaking, and for their Superintendance in all Respects whatsoever; and from Time to Time to alter or repeal such Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws, or any of them, and to make others, and impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons offending against such Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws, or any of them, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence, as to the said Committee of Management shall seem meet and expedient; and all Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws so to be made as aforesaid, being reduced into Writing, and the Common Seal of the said Company thereto affixed by the said Committee of Management, shall be binding upon and be observed by all Persons using, or in any wise concerned in the said Undertaking, and shall be sufficient, in any Court of Law or Equity, to justify all Persons who shall act under the fame, provided that such Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, or any of the express Directions or Provisions of this Act, or to any Contract or Agreement entered into between the said Company and the Persons receiving Water from them; and provided that Copies of such Rules, Orders, and Bye-Laws, or of such of them as shall concern or relate to the using of the said intended Undertaking, and the Reservoirs, Pipes, Aqueducts, and Works belonging thereto; and to the Condu# and Behaviour of Watermen, Officers, Servants, or other Persons employed in or about the said Undertaking; or of the Persons receiving Water therefrom, shall first have been approved of at some General Assembly of the said Proprietors, and shall be written or printed in large Characters, and be fixed and continued in some conspicuous Place or Places at the said Reservoirs, and where the Business of the said Undertaking shall be transacted.

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That any Person or Persons thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgment made or given in pursuance of any such Rule, Order, or Bye-Law, may, within Three Calendar Months next after any such Order, judgment, or Determination shall have been made or given, (first giving Twenty-one Days’ Notice to the Person or Persons against whom any Complaint is intended to be made), complain to the Justices of the

Peace,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

Peace, at the General Quarter Sessions to be held in and for the Under-ward of the said County of Lanerk, who shall, in a summary Way, either hear and determine the said Complaint at such General Quarter Sessions; or, if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the Underward of the said County; and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule,

Bye-Law, Order, or Determination; and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; and the Determination of such Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Sessions, shall be final and conclusive, without being subject to Advocation, Suspension, or Reduction, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear to the Committee of Management to be necessary or expedient to call a ^ent^ay' Special Meeting of the Proprietors at large, for the more effectually call Special putting this Act in Execution, or in order to take their Opinion re- Meetings of (peering any Matter or Thing to be done in or about the said Under-taking, it shall be lawful for the said Committee of Management, pursuant to an Order or Resolution for that Purpose to be made, at any Meeting of the said Committee, to call a Special Meeting of the Proprietors at large, by public Advertisement in some Two Newspapers, published in the said City of Glasgow, specifying in such Advertisement the Cause of calling such Special Meeting, and the Time and Place when and where the same shall be held, the Time being not less than Fourteen Days, after such Notice shall be given; and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby authorised and required to meet pursuant to such Notice, and to take into Consideration the Matters to be submitted to them by the said Committee of Management, and specified in such Notice; and the Decision and Determination of the Proprietors present at such Meeting, or the major Part of them, according to the Number of Votes they shall have a right to give, either as Principals or Proxies, respecting such Matters, shall be binding and conclusive upon the rest of the Proprietors, to all Intents and Purposes, and shall be observed and acted upon accordingly.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every Proprietor of any Share Proprietors or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall, from Time to Time, pay his to P»y ‘heir or her Proportion of the Money lo to be called for, as herein-before is of ther mentioned, into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Company, at f0r°at die* ' such Time and Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Place ap-Cornmittee of Management making such Call, and of which such No- pointed tice shall be given as herein-before is directed; and that if any Person or Persons shall neglect or reful'e to pay his, her, or their proportionable Part of the Money so to be called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place which shall be appointed for that Purpose in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Company of Proprietors to Cue for and recover the fame, with Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Time appointed for the Payment thereof in any competent Court in Scotland, or in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Edinburgh respectively, by Action of Debt, or on the

t

?24

And if Firil Call not answered in Si* Months, Share* to be lorfeited.

Directing the Proceedings in Actions for Calls,

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

the Cafe 5 and in case any such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their proportionable Part of the Money so first to be called for as aforesaid, for the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Time to be appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, and the same shall not have been sued for by the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, or if sued for, shall not have been recovered by them; then, and in such Case, the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing, shall absolutely forfeit all his, her, or their Share, Part, and Interest whatsoever in the said Undertaking, and all Profit and Advantage thereof; and all Shares that shall or may be so forfeited, shall be vested in the said Company of Proprietors, in Trust for, and for the Benefit of all the rest of the said Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking; or shall, at the Discretion of the Committee of Management of the said Company of Proprietors, be sold by the said other Proprietors by public Auction, for the mod Money that can be got for the fame, and the Produce thereof shall be divided among them, in Proportion to their respective Shares and Interests in the said Undertaking; and in the Event that any Person or Persons paying any such First Call as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their proportionable Part of the Money to be thereafter called for as aforesaid, and for the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Time to beappointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, and the same shall not be sued for by the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, or if sued for, shall not be recovered by them; then, and in such Case, the Share or Shares shall and may be sold by the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee of Management, by public Auction, for the highest and best Price or Prices that can be got for the fame; every such Sale being advertised at lead once a Week for Three Weeks successively, in some One or more of the Newspapers published in Glasgow, and the said Company of Proprietors, or Committee of Management, rendering an Account of every such Sale or Sales, to every such Person or Persons, when demanded, and paying to every such Person or Persons any Overplus of such Price or Prices, after deducting all Charges, and such further proportionable Sum or Sums of Money which may remain due upon such Share or Shares, by such Person or Persons, to the said Company of Proprietors.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in Actions brought by the said Company against any Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the said Company, for or by reason of any Call or Calls made by virtue of this Act, it shall be sufficient for the said Company to declare and alledge, that the Defendant or Defendants being a Proprietor or Proprietors of such, or so many. Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, is or are indebted to the said Company in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrear shall amountunto, for such and so many Call or Calls, of such or so many Sum or Sums of Money upon such or so many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants (as the Case may happen to be) whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company by virtue of this Act, without fetcing forth the special Matter; and in such Action it shall only be necessary to prove that the Defendant or Defendants, at the Time of making 13 such

4.8* GEORGII III. Cap. 44. 725

stich Call or Calls, was or were a Proprietor or Proprietors of some Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and that such Call or Calls was or were, in fail, made, and that such Notice thereof was given as is directed by this Act, without proving the Appointment of the Committee who made such Call or Calls, or any other Matters whatl'oever; and the said Company shall thereupon be entitled to recover the Call or Calls which shall appear due, unless it shall appear that any such Call exceeded the Sum of Ten Pounds per Centum of the Subscription, or was made without the Orders of the Committee, or without Notice given as aforesaid; and after Judgment shall be given for the said Company in any such Action, Execution shall not be flayed by reason of any Appeal against any such Judgment in any competent Court of Law in Scotland, or any Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action in any ot His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or Edinburgh, unless such Defendant or Defendants, with Two sufficient Securities, shall first become bound to the said Company by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in the Court in which such Judgment shall be given, in double the Sum adjudged to the said Company by such Judgment, to prosecute the said Appeal or Writ of Error with Effect; and all’o if the said Judgment be affirmed, or the said Writ of Error be non-profied to Satisfy and pay the Debt, Damages, and Costs adjudged by the said Judgment, and all Colls and Damages to be awarded for Delay of Execution.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the feve- Shares may ral Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her, or their respective Exe- '3e cutors, Administrators, and Assigns, to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, she, or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned, the Conveyances of which Shares may be in the Form, or to the Effect following: videlicet,

"I

A.B. of in cosideration of Form of

" paid to me by C.D. of do hereby bargain, fell, assign, Conveyance.

" and transfer to the said C.D. the Sum of capital

" Stock, of and in the Cranftonbill Water Works, being One Share " (or so many Shares as the Case may be), in the said Undertaking, to " hold to the said C.D. Executors, Administrators,'and

" Assigns, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and " on the fame Conditions that I held the fame immediately before the " Execution hereof: And I, the said C.D. do hereby agree to take " and accept the said Capital, Stock, or Share, ' subject

" to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions. As Witness our Hands and Seals, the Day of

And on every such Sale the said Deed of Conveyance (being executed by the Seller or Sellers, and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares,) shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers, for his her, or their Security, after the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors shall have entered in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale, for the Use of the said Company, and have testified or indorsed the Entry of such Memorial [Lee. & Per.J 8 X on

726 48.° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

oa the said Deed of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Six Pence shall be paid, and the said Clerk or Clerks is or are hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly immediately, or at lead within Forty-eight Hours after the said Peed shall have been presented for Registracion, under a Penalty of hive Pounds, to be forfeited to the Holder of the said Deed, and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, nor any Interest for such Share or Shares paid to him, her, or them, nor any Vote in respect thereof as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

Hng°Shares

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such Money after a Call, shall have been made by such Committee as aforesaid, every Person, to be liable and all Persons felling or transferring any Share or Shares, which he, for such Call.* (he, or they shall polfefs in the said Undertaking, shall, as well as the Person or Persons to whom such Share or Shares shall be fold, be liable in the Payment of every such Call, in the Manner directed by this Act, unless such Person or Persons, so Idling or transferring, shall, at the Time of such Sale or Transfer, have paid and discharged to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors, the whole and entire Sum of Money which Avail have been called for upon each Share so fold and transferred.

Names of

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee of Ma-I r*eiT^red nagement shall, and they are hereby required to cause the Names and and ce^f- Designations of the several Persons who shall be entitled to Shares in the cates of their said Undertaking, with the Number of the Shares, and also the pro-Shares de- perNiimber by which every Share shall be distifiguished, to be fairly them'* W ar,d dillinctly entered in a Book to be kept by their Secretary, and after such Entry, to cause the same to be signed by their Chairman; and they shall also cause a Certificate, so signed by the Chairman and Secretary, to be delivered to every Proprietor on Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he or she is entitled in the said Undertaking; and such Certificate fiiail be admitted in all Courts whatever, as Evidence of the Title of such Proprietor, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified, but the Want of such Certificate fiiail not hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the said Shares from felling or dispoiing thereof.

For the Pur-

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Bodies Politic and Cor-pofeof mak- p0rate> and all and every Person and Persons whose Names, shall at any covering Timt hereafter stand in the said Register Book, or Lift of Proprietors of Calls, the the said Company, either as a Proprietor or Proprietors of One or more Persons Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, whether as Subscribers, or as Whose Names success-or S( Executors, Administrators, or Assignees of Subscribers, fiTthe*Conf. shall be deemed and taken to be the Proprietors of the several Shares pany’s Books (landing in the said Book, in their respective Names, and shall be lub-as Proprie- ject am| liable to the Payment of every Call and Calls made and b^diemed be made thereon, and to all Actions, Suits, Forfeitures, and Penal-the actual ties to which original Proprietors of Shares in the said Unaertaking Proprietors, are made subject and liable by this Act; and that all Notices hereby req^ifetf ro be given previous to the-Forfeiture of, Shares to the Pro-*< 8 [.xvT prietors

7 27

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

prietors thereof, shall, if given to the Perfor.s appearing by the said Remitter Book of the said Company to be fitch Proprietor or Proprietors, or their Representatives, or left at his, her, or their last or most usual Place of Abode, be in all Respects good, sufficient, and conclude- and all Payments of Interest and Dividends due, and to grow due on any such Shares, shall be made to such Persons as by the said Book of the said Company shall so appear to be Proprietors thereof j and that no Assignment, Transfer, Bargain, or Sale of any Share or Shares, or other Instrument, giving Title to any such Share or Shares, which shall not have been enrolled or registered as directed by this Act, shall be admitted as Evidence, either to defeat any Action or Suit brought, or to be brought, by the said Company of Proprietors to recover the said Calls, or to entitle any Person or Persons to recover any Share or Shares forfeited to the Company of Proprietors, or to make the said Company of Proprietors liable to the Payment of Dividends to any other Person than such as appear upon the said Book to be Proprietors of the said Shares; but, that in all such Cases the said Book shall be considered as sufficienc and conclusive Evidence of the Proprietorship of the said Shares.

XXVII. And be it enacted. That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby empowered to raise and convey Water from the said River Clyde, at any Part or Parts thereof most convenient, opposite to the Village of Anderston, or oppofue to the Grounds belonging to the Heirs of William Gillespie, of Bishopton, formerly Part of the Estate of Stohcross, lying immediately to the West of Hyde-Park, the Property of John M'-Ilwham; and for that Purpose to open the Ground on the Banks of the said River Clyde, at the Places aforesaid, or any of them; and to lay down a Pipe or Pipes, and to make a Drain or Drains into or from the said River Clyde, in Manner aftermentioned, for the Purpose of conveying from thence the said Water for supplying the said City and Suburbs, and Places adjacent, and also for the Supply of any Steam Engine, or Engines, which the said Company of Proprietors may erett or use, and which they are hereby authorized and empowered to erect or use, for the Purpose of raising and conveying Water from the said River Clyde as aforesaid, and to make or erect a Coffer, or other Dam or Dams, for protecting the said Pipe or Pipes, Drain or Drains, during the Time that the same are making or laying down; and to do and perform every other Macter and Thing necessary for raising such Water, and to convey the fame through the Water-fide Ground, opposite the said Village of Anderston, and through the Street or Road in the said Village called Cheapftde Street, and thence along the Road leading from the East End of Anderston, to Finniejlown, until the said Road reaches the Lands belonging to James Hill and William Aitchifon, both Writers in Glasgow, and thereafter through the said Lands, and through the Lands lying to the West thereof, acquired by the said Company from the said Richard Gillespie, and thereafter through the Lands of Cranjlonhill, into a Reservoir or Reservoirs, to be formed in and upon the said Lands of Cranjlonhill; and also after raising the said Water from the said River, and conveying the fame through the Waterside Grounds oppofue the said Grounds belonging to the Representatives of the said William Gillespie, to convey the fame in a Pipe or Pipes through the

Power to raise Water, and convey it in Pipes.

728

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

the said lastmentioned Grounds, as nearly as conveniently may be, to and along the East or the West Boundaries thereof, to the North Boundary thereof or through any Street that may be formed thereon, and thereafter across the said Road to Finniejlown, and through the Lands of the said Walter Logan, or through thelc Lands and the Lands acquired from the said Richard Gilejpie, into the said Reservoir or Rcfcr-voirs: Provided always that the Power and Authority hereby granted to the said Company of Proprietors shall not prevent any other Person or Company, acquiring or poflefting Power for that Purpose, from raising and conveying Water from the aforesaid River at any Place or Places within the aforesaid L.imics, or from laying Pipes in the aforesaid Lines, in so far as not previously occ urred by the said Companyof Proprietors, to any Reservoir or Reservoirs,heorthey may construct,either for his or their own Ule, or for a further Supply to the Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs, and Places adjacent; and with Power to the said Company of Proprietors to convey the said Water from the said Relervoir or Refer voirs, in Pipes under Ground, through the Turnpike Road leading from Dumbarton to Glasgow, and thereafter through Argyle Street and Trcngate Street, of Glasgow, and the other Strvets of the said City and Suburbs, and co convey and distribute Water from the said Reservoir or Reservoirs, in Pipes, by means of Branch Distribution, and other Pipes through the City and Suburbs of Glasgow and Places adjacent, to the Houses, Work-houses, and other Appurtenances of the Inhabttan s thereof, agreeing with the said Company of Proprietors to be supplied with such Water; and with Power also to the said Company of Proprietors to pttrchafe all Grounds, Privileges, or Servitudes necessary for making any such Reservoir or Reservoirs; and for erefling Steam Engines, laying Pipes, and making and constructing such other Works, Buildings, and Erections, and other Conveniences, and for doing every other Matter and Thing necessary for the Purposes before and after mentioned; and to make and construct such Reservoir or Reservoirs, and to erect Steam Engines, and lay Pipes, and make and construct such other Works, Buildings, and Erections, and other Conveniences, and to do every other Matter and Thing necessary for the conveying W'ater taken from the said River Clyde, at the Place or Places aforesaid, into the said City, and Suburbs of Glasgow, and Places adjacent, or necessary for supplying the Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs and Places adjacent therewith: And lurther, and particularly with a Vlew to the Supply of the poorer Classes of the Inhabitants of the said Suburbs, and Places adjacent, to make and erect public Wells or Fountains, in such Parts of the said Suburbs, and Places adjacent, as may be most convenient for that Purpose; but not within the Royalty of the said City, nor upon the Streets or public Places of the Barony of Gorbals, without the Consent of the Magistrates of Glasgow, all such Wells or Fountains as may be glared on the Roads leading from Glasgow, or other Places under the Jurisdiction of the Trustees upon the said Roads, being to be placed and conitructed at the Sight, and to the Satisfaction of the Superin-trnd’.nt for the said Trustees, and shall be placed upon the Edge of the Side-Paths next to the said Roads, and so constructed as that the waSle Water shall run freely off by the Sewer; and providing that no Steam Engine or Reservoir shall be placed in any of the said Streets, Roads, Lanes or Passages, or public Courts, or in any of the Squares or public Places within the said City or Suburbs, or within the Places adjacent, cither under the Jurisdiction of the said Mgistrates, or of the

729

48° GEORGiriII. Cap. 44.

said Trustees, upon the said Roads; nor shall any Steam Engine whatsoever be erected within the Liberties of the said City, nor shall any Erection be made upon the Streets or public Places of the said City without the Consent of the Magistrates and Council, nor within any Square, Court, or indofed Ground within the Royalty of the City of GlaJ'gow belonging to any one Individual, without his or her Consent, excepting the Erections herein allowed for-the Protection of the Upright Pipes, and declaring thac nothing herein contained shall prevenc the said Company from placing and erecting in Courts, Areas, or Closes belonging to Two or more Proprietors, with Consent always of One or more of the said Proprietors, such Cisterns as the said Company may think necessary: And for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors, their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Wmkmen, are hereby authorised and empowered to enter into and upon all Lands and Grounds, Highways, Roads, Passages, Streets, and Places belonging to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, which the said Company of Proprietors shall think necessary for conveying Water from the said River Clyde to the said City and Suburbs of Glasgow, and Places adjacent as aforesaid, and to fee out such Parts thereof as shall be necessary and proper for making the said Reservoirs, laying the said Pipes, and for constructing the Works and other Conveniences aforesaid; and also from Time to Time to open, scour, cleanse, repair, maintain, enlarge, contract and alter such Reservoirs, Pipes, Works, and Conveniences; or to make such additional Works and Conveniences as may be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid: And also, for the Purposes aforesaid, to bore, dig, cut, trench, lough, get, remove, take, carry away, and lay Earth, Clay, Stones, Soil, Rubbish, Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel or Sand, or any other Matters or Things which may be dug or got in making such Reservoirs, laying such Pipes, or in constructing such Works and Conveniences; or which may hinder, obstruct, or prevent the making, laying, or constructing the fame; or the using, completing, enlarging, and maintaining the fame; and to ule, exercise, and employ all necessary Ways and Means for conveying and bringing a sufficient Supply of Water from the said River Clyde to the said City and Suburbs, and Places adjacent, for the Use of the Inhabitants thereof; and from Time to Time to repair, maintain, support, continue, ami enlarge the fame, according to the Tenor and Effect, and true Intent and Meaning hereof; and also to make, maintain, repair, and alter any Fences, Passages, Bridges, or Arches, which may be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them; and from Time to Time to make, construct, and erect, and to repair and maintain any Steam Engine or Engines, Cilierns, Ponds, Basons, Main Pipes, Rider Pipes, Hand Pipes, Service Pip;s, Branch Pipes of Lead and other Metal, Cocks, Chamber Cocks, Cocks in common, Stop Cocks, Valves, Hire Plugs, Air Plugs, Fire Cocks Bores, Mains, Services, Ferrols, Feeders, Tank Pins, Drains, Pumps, Sluices, and other Works and Devices, as they shall think proper; and for all or any of the Purposes of this Act, to break up and remove the Soil, Pods, Kirbs, Bulk Heads, Bars, Sewers, Drains, Pavements, and gravelled and other Ways or any of the present and future Roads, Streets, Squares, Lanes, Passages, Alleys, public Courts, Footways! Public Quays, doles, and Public PJace^, an i’to enter inio any private Lands or Grounds within the said City and Parts adjacent; and to din I Uc.VPer.} an2

7 3°

Steam Engines to con-fume their own Smoke

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

and fink Trenches, and lay Pipes, aid put Stop Cocks, Chamber Cocks, Fire Cocks, Fire Plugs, and liranches from such Pipes in lucti 1 laces, for the laying and fixing such Pipes, and such other Maccers ena 1 kings, in such f'laces, and in such Manner as they shall judge ne-celTary for distributing and conveying such Water to the respective Houses, Offices, Workhouses, Manufactories, and other Tenements of the Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs, and Places adjacent; and for that Purpose to erect standard or uprignt Pipes on the Sides or Gavels of any Tenement or Building, to fupj ly any Inhabitant of any of the Stories or Floors thereof wich Water; and to build up or fur-round the fame with a Covering of Timber, Stone, or Brick Work, or other Building for preserving the fame: Provided that no such Stone or Biick Work shall be erected or built in Front of any of the said Tenements: Provided also the said Company do not obllrucc or If of up any Window or Li£hc of any Proprietor without his Content, by the said upright Pipes, or Buildings for preserving the fame; and from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, to alter the Poficion of, and to repair, relay, and maintain such Pipes, Stop Cocks, and Air Plugs and Machinery, and to do all other Acts, Matters and Things, which shall from Time to Time be necessary or proper for completing and amending, repairing and improving, and for using the Works authorised by this Act to be done and provided, for the Purposes, and according to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, they the said Company of Proprietors, their Deputies, Agents, Servants, and Workmen doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the feweral Powers to them hereby granted; and the said Company of Proprietors making Satisfaction, in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, to the Owners and Proprietors of, and all Persons interested in, the Lands, Tenement^, am. Heritages respectively, which shall be used for the Purposes of this Act, or injured in Value by means of the Powrrs hereby granted, or which shall be by them luftatned by reason of all or any of the Powers of this Act; and this Acc shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Company of Proprietors, and their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and all other Persons whomsoever, for what they or any of them shall do by virtue hereof; subject, nevertheless, to such Provisions or Restrictions as are herein contained: Provided always, That the Furnace of every Steam Engine to be erected by the said Company of Proprietors, shall be conttructed upon the Principle of consuming its own Smoke; and provided that the said Company of Proprietors shall not enter upon any of the Streets, Lanes, or Public Places of the said City, for laying, in the firit ln-stance, their Main and distributing Pipes, without giving Seven Days’ previous Notice to the Magistrates, but declaring chat the said Company of Proprietors shall be entitled to lay their small or Lead Pipes for the Service of the Inhabitants without giving such Notice, and also to make all necessary Repairs upon any of their Pipes, and for that Purpose to replace and renew the lame withouc giving such Notice; and the said Company of Proprietors shall as soon as conveniently may be replace and make good, and shall maintain for the Space of Twelve Months thereafter all such Roads, Streets, and Sewers and Drains as it may be necessary to take up or to injure in executing the Powers of this Act,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That the whole of the Pipe or Pipes in which the Water shall in the first Place be conveyed from the said River Clyde shall be sunk in the Sides and Embankments, or in the Bed or Channel of the said River, and shall not project into the Water, or be raised above the Surface of the Sides and Embankments, Bed or Channel of the said River, excepting that the Mouths or Ends of the said Pipes may be raised any Space not exceeding One Foot above the Level of the Surface of the Bed or Channel of the River; and that the South Ends or Extremities of the said Pipes shall not be laid in the Bed of the said River farther than Twenty Feet from the Embankment or Breastwork on the North Side of the said River; and further, that the said Pipes shall be constructed and laid in such a Manner in all other Relpecis as not to interrupt or prove in any Degree detrimental to the Navigation of the said River, or to the Vessels, Owners, Matters, or Mariners thereof navigating the same.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That if at any Time the Trustees for improving the said River under an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for improving the Navigation, of the River Clyde to the City " of Glasgow, and for building a Bridge aciols the said River from the " said City to the Village of Gorbals;" and under another Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Thirty-second Year «c of the Reign of King George the Second for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde to the City of Glasgow, and for building a " Bridge cross the said River from the said City to the Village of " Gorbals," shall think it necessary or expedient to deepen or widen the Channel of the said River, or Banks thereof, at or near the Place where the said Company of Proprietors are allowed to take Water therefrom, and to construct Works for that Purpose, the said Company of Proprietors shall and are hereby bound and required, upon receiving Three Months’ Notice from the said Trustees, to alter their said Works from Time to Time so as to admit of the Improvements of the Navigation of the said River by the deepening or widening thereof as aforesaid, or otherwise, it being hereby provided thac during the Time the said Improvements are carrying on, ana until they are finished, the said Company of Proprietors may take Water from the River in such a Way as to them may ieem proper, but in such a Manner as that the Navigation of the said River shall noc thereby be impeded or interrupted.

XXX. And be it enacted, That the whole of the Works to be made in pursuance of this Act shall be made and constructed in such a Manner as not to impede, interrupt, or in any Degree damage or prove detrimental to the said River Clyde, the Navigation thereof, or Vessels retorting to the said City of Glasgow, or to any future Operations which the laiJ Trustees may think it expedient to carry on for the Improve-n ent of the Navigation of the said River; and in case the said Company of Proprietors shall cieft or construct any of their said Works in a Manner which dull be prejudicial to the said River, Navigation thereof, or Vessels retorting to the City of Glasgow, or which may prevent any future Improvements which the said Trustees may chink it proper to make on the said Navigation, the Sheriff Depute of the County of La-

nerk

73l

Manner in which Pipes shall be laid in the River Clyde.

Pipes to be removed, if necessary, for the Improvement of the River.

Works to be constructed so as not to obstruct the Navigation.

732

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

nerk is hereby authorized and required, upon the Application of the said 1 rustees, to ascertain and determine, with the Assistance of such Engineers and {killed Persons as he may think proper, whither and how far the Works and Operations complained of are inconflftent with the Provisions of this Act, or detrimental to the said River or Navigation; and in the Event of the said Works and Operations being found incon-fillent with the Provisions of this Act, or detrimental to the said River, or Navigation thereof, to decern and adjudge the said Company or Proprietors, at their own Expences, to pull down and demolish all such Works and Erections; which Judgment and Sente-ice shall be final and binding on all Parties concerned, without being subject to Review in any Manner of Way whatsoever; it being hereby further provided that in case any Damage shall arise to the said Navigation, or to the Works for improving the same, or to the Vessels navigating the said River, by the Operations of the said Company of Proprietors, the said Company shall be liable in and bound to pay the full Amount of the said Damages, with the Expences incurred in recovering the fame, to the said Trustees, or to any other Person who shall fuftmn such Damage, the said Damage to be ascertained by the Verdict of a Jury, and decerned for in Manner herein provided.

Trustees of

XXXI. And be it enacted, That in case any of the Works of the the Naviga- said Company of Proprietors shall be hurt, destroyed, or damaged by be"iabeV° the Operations of the said Trustees, in improving the said River, or for Damage any of the Pipes belonging to the said Company which arc ro be sunk in the Sides, Embankments, Bed or Channel of the said River, hurt, destroyed, or damaged by any of the Vessels trading to or from the City of Glasgow, when navigating the said River, the said Trustees, and the Owners or Matters of such Vessrls, shall not be responsible for any such Damage, or liable in Payment thereof, or of any Expences thereby incurred -, any Thing in this Act, or in the aforesaid Acts passed in the Thirty-second Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, notwithstanding.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to take away, abridge, or diminish any Rights, Privileges, Jurisdictions, and Powers which now belong to or Magklrates'* are enjoyed by the Magistrates and Council of Gla/goiv, or by the Bail-of Glafgcnv. lies, on the River and Frith of Clyde in virtue of former Acts of Parliament, Royal Charters, immemorial Usage, or otherwise.

Plan of Re-

XXXIII. And whereas a Map or Plan, describing the Places where fervoirs, itc. the faig Relervoirs in the Lands of CranftovbiU, and Grounds to the East thereof are intended tq,be made, and a Description of the Line of the Pipes through which the Water will flow to such Reservoirs, and from the same, through the said City and Suburbs of Glasgow, hach been deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the County of Lanerk at Glasgow; Be it enacted, that such Map or Plan, and Description, shall remain in the Custody of the said Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, or his Deputy; and all Persons interested therein shall, at all reasonable Times, have Liberty to inspect and perqfe the lame, and take a Copy thereof, or any Part thereof, paying the Sum of One Shilling to the Clerk of

done 10 the Works of the ..om-pany.

Nothing in this Act to abridge

733

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

the Peace, or his Deputy, for every such [nspection; and that the said Company shall not, in making the said Reservoirs, or in laying the said Pipes for the Conveyance of the said Water from the said Kiver Clyde, so far as without the Royalty of the said City, deviate more than Twenty Yards of Three Feet each from the Stite of the said Relervoirs, or the Line and Courl'e of the said Pipes, deferibrd in the said Map or Plan and Description, unless the same shall be built upon in Manner herein directed, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, through whole Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made: And that the said Company shall within the Royalty of the said City lay their Pipes in manner herein mentioned, and shall not have Power, after the Main Pipes and Collateral or Branch Pipes are once laid within the Royalty of the City of Glasgow, to deviate from or alter the Course of the said Pipes, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Magistrates and Council of the said City, or of the Person or Persons through whose Grounds such Deviation and Alteration shall be made.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Company shall not have Power to lay more than One main Pipe, with One collateral Pipe, or in place thereof, Two collateral Pipes in the Streets, Squares, or Lanes of the said City, except in Argylestreet and Irongatt-street, eastward to the West End of Gallowgate Street, in which Streets the said Company shall have Power to lay One Main Pipe, with Two Collateral Pipes; and that none of the said Pipes within the Royalty of the City of Glasgow shall be laid deeper in the said Streets than Three Feet Six Inches from the Surface of the causeway to the under Part of the Pipe, except where any Obstruction shall occur or be found, in which Event the said Pipes shall not be laid deeper than is necessary for avoiding such Obstruction; and provided also, that the said Company shall not lay any of the said Main or Collateral Pipes within Five Feet from the Centre of the causeway of the said Streets, leaving a free Space of Ten peet in Breadth in the Centre of each of the said Screets, nor within Three Feet of the Curb Stone of the Foot Pavement on the Sides of the said Streets, and that the said Company shall conform to the same Rules and Regulations, and shall have and enjoy the fame Privileges as are or shall be fixed and allowed by the Magistrates and Council of Glasgow with regard to the Pipes laid or to he laid by the Glasgow Water Works Company in the Streets of the said City.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall not have a Right to carry any Pipe or Pipes along either of the Bridges across the said River, commonly called th zOld and New Bridges, until they shall have given Seven Days’ previous Notice to the said Magistrates of such Intention in Manner herein provided, and until they shall have found sufficient Caution acted in the Court Books oil the said Burgh in usual Form for all or any Damages which may be occasioned by their Operations to the said Bridges.

XiXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall authorise or empower the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons acting by and under their Authority to take ' [LoCtfftr.] 8 Z . use.

Prescribing how Pipes are to be laid.

No Pipes to be carried across the Old and New Bridges with-out Notice.

Houses already erected not to be injured.

734- 4«° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

use, injure, or damage in the making the faitl Reltrvoirs, or for laying the said Pipes, or for any of the Purposes aforesaid, any House or other Building erected or built, or to be erected or built, without the ConfeiK of the Owner or Owners thereof: Provided always, that the said Company of Proprietors shall not be restrained from erecting standard or upright Pipes on the Sides or Gavels of any Tenement or Budding, to supply any Inhabitant of any Story or Floor thereof with Water, in the Manner herein directed<

Stttsfaction

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proto be made, prietors shall and do make, or tender, Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of, and Persons interested in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Heritages, not already belonging to the said Company, which shall be required for any of the Purposes of this Act, before they shall in any-wile make use of the fame; and also for any other Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be damaged in the Execution, or by virtue of any of the Powers aforesaid, for the Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Heritages so to be taken, used, or damaged; and in case the Parties shall not agree, touching the Amount of such Satisfaction, within the Space of Twenty-one Days after Application shall have been made for that Purpose, by or on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors to the respective Owners and Occupiers of, and Persons interested as aforesaid, then, upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be awarded by a Jury of Fifteen Persons, summoned and chosen by the Sheriff of the County within which such Lands or Houses shall be situated, in such Manner as Juries are summoned and chosen by the Sheriffs of Counties in Scotland, whose Determination is hereby declared to be final, without being subject to Suspension, Advocation, or Reduction; and in the Event that such Jury shall award 11 greater Compensation than the Company shall have offered, but less than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers shall have required, the Expence of such Jury shall be defrayed and borne by the said Company, and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally; but in case the said Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum so required, or any greater Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Company; and on the other Hand, if the said Jury shall award the Sum offered by the Company, or a less Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, be prevented from treating with the said Company, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Company: Provided also, that after having offered to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands or Houses, tuth Sum as the said Company shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for them to enter into and upon such Lands or Houses for the Purposes of this Act, and no Stop shall, in the'mean Time, be put to the Operations of the said Company on pretence of settling the said Damage, or that they have not been satisfied and paid.

XXXVIII. And be it furthar enacted, That it shall and may be lawful toandfor all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Husband^, Guardians, Trustees; and Feoffees in trust for charitable and Other Purposes,

Chmihittees,

Bodies Politic empowered to Tell and convey Lands.

735

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

Committees, Executors, and .^dministrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Ilfue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, who are or shall be seised, pofiTefled of, or interested in their own Right, or entitled to by Will, or other Interest therein; and for every Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, are, or shall be seised, pofitfled of, or interested in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Heritages which shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, to contract for, fell, and convey the fame, and every Part thereof, unto the said Company of Proprietors; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Persons whomsoever so conveying as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified for what they shall reflectively do in relation to any such Sale, which he, she, they, or any of them, shall make by virtue and in pursuance of this Act; and all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Contracts Conveyances, and Assurances shall be made at the Expence of the and Sales to said Company of Proprietors; and such of them as shall be made of "ladeat any Lands, Tenements, or other Heritages to the said Company of oAh^Com-Proprietors shall be made according to the Forms and Customs pre- pany, feribed by the Laws of Scotland.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be Application agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Pleritages, of Compen-purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the fa'lon Mon«y Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life-rents. Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction, and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be wich all convenient Speed, paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorise to be paid, affecting the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages,

Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be so purchased, taken, or u!ed as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or Annual Produce of such Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who

would.

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages, lo hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Tf under

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money

aool. and so agreed or awarded to be paid, for any Lands, Tenements, or Herita-*bove aoi. ges, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be Id's than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons, for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and to be placed to his, her, or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the lame shall be paid at the like Option to two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Committee of Management, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such principal Money and the Interest anfing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Cale may be applicable.

When under

XLI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Mo-30'* ney, lo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be

leis than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Committee of Management, or any Three or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of not

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons making out w(,om any gum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a Or if Persons r00^ Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Company of cannot be Proprietors; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum-or found. Pur- Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or chafe Money jf the person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heri-'nto^tfmk sages be not known or discovered; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee of Management, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland>. to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Court of SefTton; which said Court* on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to

737

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid*out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Ertates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto; and to make such other Order in the Premises,°as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland., who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what, and for whose Ule the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Sertion, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased in pursuance of this Act; or to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Rents or Profits thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages at the Time of such Purchase; and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court , and the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages to be purchased with such Money, and also the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages so purchased, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or to iome Estate or Interest therein.

XLIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied to the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be lettled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or lo much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purchas'es as the said Court shall direct.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That such of the Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs ot Glasgow> and Places adjacent, as shall be defi-rousof having the Water laid into their Houses, or other Appurtenmces,

In case of questionable Title Possessor to be deemed to have a Title until the contrary shall be shewn.

Expences of Purchases may be allowed by the Court.

For conveying Water from the Company’s Pipes to the Houses of Inhabitants.

738

4B° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

may, and are hereby authorised and empowered, at their own Expence,

(having first obtained the Consent, in Writing under the Hands of such Person or Persons as shall be authorised by the said Commirteeof Management to give such Consent), to open the Ground between the Pipes belonging u> the said Company and the respective Houses, Brew-houses, Manufactories, or Offices of such Inhabitants, and to lay leaden or other Pipes (the Bore thereof to be ascertained by the said Company) from such respective Houses, Brewhouses, Manufactories, or Offices, to communicate with the Pipes belonging to the said Company, in any Road, Street, Lane, Passage, or Place within the said City and Suburbs of Glafgaw, and Places adjacent-, such respective Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs of Glasgow, and Places adjacent, making Satisfaction, in the Manner directed determined by this Act, ro the Trustees of the said Turnpike Road, and to the Owners and Occupiers of, and Persons interested in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Heritages, who shall or may be injured by such Operations, or by any other Operations performed by such Inhabitants, in taking or uling a Supply of Water from the said Company; and also paying to (he said Company of Proprietors yearly, quarterly, or monthly, such Sum or Sums of Money for fucti Water, as shall be mutually agreed upon between them; and in case of Default in Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money so agreed to be paid as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company to cause the Pipe or Pipes belonging to the Person or Persons making such Default, and communicating with any main or other Pipe or Pipes belonging to the said Company, to be separated from the said Pipe or PipesDwith which the same shall so communicate, and to cause the Water to be (lopped from issuing or running into the House, Office, Work or Manufactory of every Person making such Defaulc; and that the Sum and Sums of Money which shall be due and in arrear from such Person or Persons to the said Company of Proprietors, shall and may be recovered by the said Company, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Persons liable to pay the fame, in the same Manner as Rents payable by any Lease may be by Law recovered; and if any Person shall lay, or cause to be laid, any leaden or other Pipe to communicate with any main or other Pipe belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, or any Pipe or Pipes communicating the rewith, without such Consent being obtained as aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Day such Pipe shall so remain: Provided always, That such Inhabitants of the City of Glasgow as shall have laid leaden Pipes as aforesaid, shall be at liberty to remove and take away the fame, and the Cocks thereto belonging.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Inha» pHc'd under bitant of the said City of Glajgcw, or any other Person or Persons this Act, not whomsoever, supplied with Water by virtue of this Act, shall supply t0hJPPersons any other Inhabitant thereof, or any other Person whatsoever, with with Water.' any Part of such Water, then and in every such Case, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, if they shall so think fit,

also

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

also to take off the Water from the House or Office of any Person so offending, for every such Offence.

XLVII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to subject any Person or Persons whomsoever, supplied with Water by virtue of this Act, to any Penalty or Forfeiture for supplying any other Person or Persons also supplied with Water by virtue of this Act with any Quantity of such Water during such Time as the Pipes or Cocks of such last mentioned Person shall or may happen to be out of Repair; provided the same shall be done with the Content of the said Committee ot Management, or of such Person or Persons as shall be authorized by them to give such Consent; and provided that such Pipes or Cocks nevertheless shall be repaired as soon as possible after any Damage shall happen thereto.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That every Person or Persons contrafting with the said Company of Proprietors for the Supply of Water, shall in every Water Butt, Cistern, or Receptacle for Water, to be provided determined by the said Patties so contracting with the said Company, attach and fix a Ball Cock or other self-acting Cock to the Pipe conveying Water from the Pipes belonging to the said Company into such Butt, Cistern, or other Receptacle, and to repair and renew the same as often as shall be necessary, in order to prevent the Water running to Waste, when such Butr, Cistern, or other Receptacle shall be full; and no Communication shall be made between the said Water Cistern and the Sink Stone, Jaw Box, or Roan, of or belonging to any House or Houses which may be supplied by the said Company with Water, without their Consent: And the Person or Persons ne~ glefting to attach and fix, or to repair and renew such Ball Cock, or torming such Communication, shall forfeit to the said Company of Proprietors a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every Offence; and the authorized Servant or Servants of the Company shall have free Access (at all reasonable Times) to the Premises so to be supplied as aforesaid, to lee that such Ball Cocks are kept in proper and sufficienc Repair and Condition.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ic shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to alter or change the Course and Direction of the present or future public Streets Sewers, and Drains in the said City, without the Consent of the said Magistrates and Council, and that any Ground which shall or may be opened or broken up for laying, taking up, or repairing any Pipe by virtue of this Act, shall by the said Company and Occupiers respectively be filled in, and the Rubbish occasioned thereby carried away, as soon as conveniently may be; and in the mean Time shall be fenced or guarded so as that the fame may not be dangerous to Paficr/gers; and that Notice in Writing shall be given by such Company and Occupiers respectively immediately upon the breaking up of any Ground as aforesaid, to the Lord Provost and Magnates of the said City for the Time being, or left at the Town Clerk’s Office, in the said City, or to the said Trustees of the said Turnpike Road, or to the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, or left at his, her or their usual Place or Places of Abode, as the Case may be, in order that the

Pavement

739

Except in certain Cafe*.

Stop-Cocks to be provided inCifterns.

Ground laid open to be fenced.

74°

Penalty for interrupting Workmen.

Ptntlty for

injuring the Workt.

Penalty for injuring the Water.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 4 4.

Pavement and Ground, and all Things that shall have been removed, shall be made good at the Sight of the said Lord Provost: and Magistrates, or Trusteesot the said Turnpike Road, or Proprietor or Proprietors thereof respectively, by the said Company, or Person or Persons with whom the said Company shall have agreed as aforesaid, within Seven Days after any such Pipe shall have been laid or repaired as aforesaid, under the Penalty of Ten Pounds for each Day thereafter that the said Pavement and Ground and other Things shall not be made good as aforesaid, to be applied to the U(e of the Poor of the City of Glasgow aforesaid, and to be iued for, recovered, and levied by the Lord Pro-voft and Magistrates of the said City, by the fame Ways and Means as are in this Act directed in the case of other Penalties; and in the Event that the said Pavement and Ground, and all Things that shall have been so removed, shall not have been made goou within Seven Days as aforesaid, then and thereafter it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Provost and Magistrates, or the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, as the Case may be, to order and aired such Pavement and Ground, and all Things which shall have been so removed as aforesaid, to be made good at the Expence of the said Company, or Person or Persons with whom they shall have agreed as aforesaid, and to sue for and recover such Expences by the lame Ways and Means by which any Penalty may be sued for and recovered by virtue of this Act.

L. And be it further enadeJ, That if any Person shall wilfully or maliciously hinder or interrupt the said Company of Proprietors or their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, or Servants, or any of them, in doing and performing any of the Works, or in Exercise of any of the Powers, and Authorities by this Act granted, or shall in anywise cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors, or to the proper Person or Persons by them authorized in that Behalf, any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and also the full Amount of the Damage which shall oe fuitained by such Hindrance or Interruption; such Damage to be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may by virtue of this Act be recovered.

LI. And be it further enacted, That If any Person shall wilfully or maliciously break, throw down, damage, or destroy any Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, or destroy, damage, or injure any Engine, Waterhouse, Reservoir, Pipe, Plug, or other Matter or Thing which shall be made, provided, or procured for the Purposes of this Act, or of the Materials used or provided for the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and also the full Amount of the Damage which shall be recovered, in like Manner as the/aid Penalty is hereby authorized to be recovered.

LII. And in order to preserve the Water to be conveyed into the said City and Suburbs of Glasgow and Places adjacent pure and wholesome, Be it enacted, That no Person shall bathe in any of the said Relervoirs or Baiuns, or wash any Dogs or other Animals therein, or cast, throw, or put any Dog or Cat or o.her Filth, Dirt, or any noilome or offensive Thing, or wash or clean any Cloth, or any Wool, Cotton, Linen,

Leather,

74i

48° GEORGII III. ~Cap. 44.

Leather, or any noisome or offensive Thing in any of the Paid Refer-voirs or Batons, or suffer the Water of any Sink, Sewer, or Drain to run or be conveyed into the fame, or into any of the said Pipes, or cause any other Annoyance to be done to the Paid Water thereof, upon Pain of forfeiting to the Paid Company of Proprietors, for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LI'II. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take or cause to be taken or uled any Water from or out of any Refer-voir, Tank, or Aqueduct which shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act, without the previous Content in Writing, under the Hand ot Hands of such Person or Persons as shall be authorized by the Paid Committee of Management to give such Content; then and in every such Case every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors a Sum not exceeding Twenty shillings for every such Offence.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall mtke ule of the Water raped from the said River Clyde determined by virtue of this Act for the Furpole of supplying any Pond or Kefcrvoir in any Yard, Field, or Gaiden, or for the Purpose of watering any Yard, Field, or Garden, or any Street, Highway, Road, Lane, or Paffjge, or for any Purpose whatsoever, which shall not have been agreed upon by anu between such Person or Persons and the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee of Management, or some Person or Persons authorized by such Committee for that Purpose, or without the Consent of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee of Management, or or some Person or Persons authorized by such Committee for such Purpose; every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling.

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, at all Times, to ule and employ the Water which shall be raised from the said River Clyde by virtue of this Act in the extinguishing of any Fire or Fires which may happen to any House or Building within the said City and Suburbs, without making any Compensation or Satisfaction (or the same to the said Company of Proprietors, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever; and that proper Fire Plugs, with painted Directions or Marks on the Houses and Buildings in the said City and Suburbs, shall be provided at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, the N umbers of which in each Street shall be equal to those provided by the Company of Proprietors of the Glasgow Water Works, and their Situation shall be fixed by the Magistrates of Glasgow.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the Property of and in the said Undertaking, and the Profits arising therefrom, after deducting the Money laid out in obtaining and passing this Act, and of making the different Surveys and Plans of the fame, and of the Lands and Grounds through which the fame is intended to be carried as aforesaid, and making and constructing the Works authorised by this Act, and all othrr incidental Costs, Charges, and Expences whatsoever touching or

[£«, fc? Per ] 9 B , concerning

Water not to be taken from Reservoirs.

Water not to be diverted to any Ule not agreed upon.

Water of the Company may be used for exiin-guishing of Fires.

Property of Underiaking veiled in Proprietors.

rt

4*

Recovery of Penalties.

To compel Payment of SubRnpiioni.

If Water not brnughtwith-in fire Years the Act to expire.

Limitation at to railing of Water.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

concerning the lame in anywise howsoever, which shall be respectively borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors, is and are hereby vested in the said Company of Proprietors, and they shall severally and respectively be entitled thereto in such Shares and Proportions, and in the Manner prescribed by this Act.

LVII. And be it enacted, That the Penalties and Forfeitures authorized to be sued for, levied, and recovered by this Act, shall and miy be sued for, levied, and recovered by the said Company of Proprietors in the fame Way and Manner as Debts are sued for, levied, and recovered by the Laws of Scotland.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That the several Persons who have subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe any Money for and towards making and completing the said Undertaking shall, and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively fob-feribed, or such Parts or Portions thereof as shall ftom Time to Time be called for by the said Committee of Management, under and by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Act, at such Times and Places as shall be directed by the said Committee in Manner before mentioned; and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or reiule to pay the fame at the Time and in the Manner required far that Purpose, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to luc for and recover the lame in any Court of Law or Equity.

LIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in Case the said Company of Ptoprietors shall not have brought a Supply of Water for the Use of the said City and Suburbs of Glasgow, and Places adjacent, in the Manner directed by this Act, wichin the Space of Five Years next after the passing thereof, then this Act, and the several Powers and Authorities hereby granted, shall cease and determine.

LX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Quantity of Water so to be raised and conveyed as aforesaid, shall not, at any Time or Times, be so great as to lefTen the Depth of the said River Clyde more than One perpendicular Inch from its Surface throughout the Extent thereof, in any Part of the said River: And that for the Purpose of afeenaining the Quantity of Water so to be raised and conveyed as aforesaid, a proper Index or Water Gauge shall be erected, under the Direction of the Sheriff of the said County of Lanerk, and continued in the said River Clyde by the said Company of Proprietors; to which Gauge Access shall at all Times be given to the Trustees on the River Clyde, every Proprietor and Occupier of Land on the Banks of the said River, and every Person interested in the Navigation thereof; and whenever it shall appear, by means of the said Index or Water Gauge, that the Water in the said River Clyde shall have been lowered more than One Inch from the Surface thereof, by reason of the Water so raised and conveyed as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, any such Proprietor or Occupier, or Person, to apply to the said Sheriff, by a summary Application, to prevent the raising and conveying of Water as aforesaid, so as to lessen the Depth of Water more than One Inch in the said River as aforesaid. Provided also, That the main Pipe or Pip:s discharging Water into

743

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 44*

the Reservoir or Reservoirs, shall not be of greater inside Diameter than will discharge at any One Time a Cylinder of Water of more than Fourteen Inches in Diameter, that is to say, that the said Company shall not have Power to convey a greater Quantity of Water into the said Reservoir or Reservoirs, at any One Time, than is capable of being conveyed by a Pipe of the Bore and Dimensions aforesaid.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Appeal to shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pur- ghefl^‘rle* fuance of this Act, and for which no particular Remedy or Methodof Relief hath been already directed and appointed, it shall and may be lawful for him, her, or them, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the first Quarter Sessions to be held for the Underward of the said County; and in case the Cause of Complaint arise within Fifteen Days before such Quarter Sessions, then such Appeal shall be made to the said Justices at the Second such Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorised and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint or Complaints of any Person or Persons so aggrieved, and if they fee Cause, shall and may, by Order of such Meeting, mitigate at their Discretion, all or any of the said Penalties or Forfeitures imposed or incurred by the said Party or Parties complaining, or vacate and fee aside the Conviction or Convictions, and let the Parties at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame, with such Cods as to them in their Discretion may seem proper; and to levy by their Order or Warrant such Costs so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of any Person or Persons, who shall refuse to obey the fame j and for Want of sufficient Distress to commit the Party to the Common Gaol of the County for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until Payment of such Costs shall be made; but the Person or Persons so appealing shall, and they are hereby directed to give Notice in Writing to the Defender or Defenders of such their Intention of bringing or prosecuting any Appeal, Fifteen Days before the said Quarter Sessions, and shall, within Fiye Days after such Notice, lodge in the Hands of the Clerk to the said Justices, a Bond signed by him, her, or them, to prosecute such Appeal; and in case such Appeal shall be disallowed, the Appellant shall pay such Costs and Charges as the said Justices shall direct in that Behalf; and every such Appeal shall, at the said Quarter Sessions, be heard and finally determined, without being subject to Advocation, Suspension, or Reduction.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Public Act taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

anno quadragesimo octavo

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 4$.

An Act for paving, cleansing, watching, lighting, and regulating, the Streets and other public Places within the Town of Fermoy in the County of Cork; and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Obstructions therein; and for establishing a proper Police in the said Town.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS the Town of Fermoy in the County of Cork is daily increifig in Extent ana Population, and the several public S.rrets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places, already made and built, and which are now making and building within the Town of Fermoy, are in mod Parts incommodious and unsafe for Pafifem gers, are not properly paved, cleansed, lighted, or watched; arc very inconvenient, and art; subject to various Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstroctions: And whereas other Streets, Squares, Lanes; Ways. Passages, and Places, may be made or built within the said Town of Fe>mrft which may be subject or liable to thefarne or similar Inconvenience and it would be highly expedient that the fame should be duly and properly paved, cleansed, watered, lighted, watched, and kept in Repair, and it would [Loc. & Per.] 9 C greatly

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

greatly tend to the Safety, Prefer vation, Advantage, and Security of the Inhabitants of the said Town of Fermoy, and also be of great public Utility if the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places thereof, and such other Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Palflges, and Places as may be hereafter made or built therein, were paved, and such Pavements duly and properly maintained and preserved, and if the fame were cleansed, watered, lighted, and watched, and also all the Courts, Yards, Alleys, Passages, and Places communicating the rewith or adjoining to the fame, and if all Nuisances and Obstructions therein were effectually removed and prevented for the future; and also due and wholesome Regulations adopted and put in force in respect of the Police of the said Town of Fermoy; but the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be rnacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tempora), and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That John AnderJ,'on John Hyde, David Held, Thomas Walker, Joseph Bel!t Thomas Dennehy, William Alky ns, the Reverend William Adair Doctor of Laws, the Reverend "John Lord Cletk, Matthias Hendley, Robert Brifcoe, Thomas Perrott, Henry Majfy, John Hntchinfon, Robert Mi^eken, George Johnson, Rn bard Wigmoie, James Patrick, John Flyn, John Mulcahy, Thomas Skellhorne, and their Successors (being respectively qualified as heretn-after mentioned, and taking the Oath as herein-after required) shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect upon the Fourth MtWuyafter the paflingthereof, on whichDayfthere shall be held a General Meeting of the said Commissioners at the Sessions House in the Town of Fermoy aforesaid, at the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and proceed in the Execution of this Act; and a General Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be held upon the First Monday in every Month, afterwards at the fame Hour and Place, unless Commission- some other Hour, Day or Days in the Week or Year, or some other

era. Place within the Town of Fermoy aforesaid, shall be appointed by the said

Commissioners assembled at the said First Meeting, and from Time to Time by any Five subsequent Meetings, at which there shall be Five Commissioners assembled; and if at the Time or Times when the Lid Quorum of Meetings are hereby required, or shall be so as aforesaid appointed to be Commission- j,eld, there shall not be at each such Meeting Five Commissioners prelrnt, then each such Meeting shall stand adjourned to the next Day on which a Meeting in pursuance of this Act, would otherwise be held, or shall at No Act valid a prior Meeting have been appointed to be held as aforesaid; md no Act,

Meeting! Order, Rule, Resolution, or Proceeding of the Comm.ifi.niers shall be

valid or effectual unless had, made, or done at a Meeting or Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, (except in Cafes herein-after particularly mentioned), and unless at every such Meeting the re shall be at lealt Five Commissioners present, except the Revocation, Suspension, or Alteration of any Order, Rule, Resolution, or Proceeding made or done by or at a preceding Meeting as herein-after mentioned; and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or vested in the said Commissioners shall and may from Time to Time be exercised by the major Part of the Commissioners 7 ptefeni

746

Appointmert of Commil-tion-ra.

Commencement of the

Aef.

First Meeting of Commissioileis.' Subsequent

*&‘ GEORGII lit. Cap. 45.

present at any Meeting to be holden by virtue of this Act as aforesaid $ and-that at such Fbft Meeting for putting this Act into Execution, One of the Commissioners piefent thereat shall be appointed Chairman, to whom any ether of such Commissioners shall, and is hereby autho rjzed and required to administer the Oath herein-after mentioned; and such Chairman (hill immediately afterwards administer the like Oath to the other Commissioners then present, and at every other Meeting a Chairman shall in like Minner be appointed; and the Chairman for the Time being shall and is hereby alone authorized and required to administer the Oath hereby required to be taken by the said Commissioners and their Successors as Q.casion shall require; and in all Cafes where there shall arise a Difference of Opinion, the Question shall be decided by a Majority of Votes of the Commissioners then present; and if upon any Question there shall be an equal Number of Votes (including the Chairman’s Vote), thet, vile Chairman shall have another or calling Vote; and that no other Rule, Resolution, or Proceeding had, made, or done, ac any Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, at which there shall have been Five Commissioners present, shall be revoked, suspended, or altered, unless at some subsequent Special Meetrng to be held for that Purpose, which any Seven or more of the Commissioners are hereby empowered to call, and of which Meeting at least Ten Days previous Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpose shall be given to or left at the respective Places of Abode of the Commissioners having a Residence in Fermoy aforesaid, or within Three Milts thereof, and affixed on the Door of the Parish Church of the Union Fermoy and of the Sessions House of the said Town of Fermoy, a greater Number of Commissioners than were present at the Meeting or Meetings at which such Order, Rule, Resolution, or Proceeding proposed, or intended to be revoked, suspended, or altered, shall have been made, shall be present, and shall concur in the Revocation, Suf-prnsion, or Alteration thereof; and in futh Cafe no other Meeting to proceed in the Execution of this Act shall be held until after ihe Day expicffed in such Notice, and at every Meeting the Commissioners preienc shall defray their own Expences.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if there be any particular Occasion to hold a Meeting before the Time at which a Meeting is hereby required, or shall be so as aforesaid appointed to be held, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, and they are hereby required to call a Special Meeting, of which Ten Days previous Notice shall be given in the same Manner as is herein-before-meniior ed in that Cafe, ahd^for the Purpose of calling a Meeting, to revoke, suspend, or alter a former Order, Rule, or Proceeding; and in like Manner no Meeting for the Execution of this Act shall tie held until after the Day expressld in the Notice for such Special Meeting.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in any Case in the Execution of this Act during the Time he shall hold or enjoy any Office or Place of Profit under, or be concerned, directly or indirectly, in any Contraft made by virtue of this Act, or in any Caie wherein he shall be in anywise per-lonally 01 beneficially imerested in the Muter in Question (except as a

Creditor

HI

Chairman of Conimiffianers to be appointed.

Provisiop® f r fcalling a Special M-eling of the Com-niiHloners.

Qualification or Commissioners.

748 *8* GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Creditor on the Rates or Affrffments herein-after authorized to bfc levied) nor unless such Commissioner shall, in his own R ighr, or in the Right of his Wife, be in the actual Possession, E joyinent, or in Receipt of the Rents and Ptcfics of Mrfiuagrs, Lands, Tenements* or Hereditaments, for an Eftare of Freehold, or for Life or Lrves, or for a Term of Years whereof, S:ven at lead are to come and unexpired, within the Town of Fermoy aforesaid, of the clear yearly Value of I en P >unds (above Reprizrs or Incumbrances) or shall be a Tenant or Occupier of Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, situate, lying, or being in the Town of Fermoy aforesaid, of the yearly Value of Five Pounds or who shall not be pr flefied of or entitled to a Personal Estate of the Amount or Value of hive hundred Pounds over and above the Amount of his Debts , and that no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (except in admintftcring the following Oath to the Chairman of such First Meeting as aforesaid, and in choosing such Chairman) until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oaih in the Words or to the Eficft following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear. That I am really and bona fide in my own Right,

(or in Right of my late or present Wife, as the Case may be) in

lhe actual Pofirfli in, Enjoyment, and Receipt of the Rents and Profits

of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments for an Estate cf

Freehold of Inheritance, or for Life or Lives, or for Years determin-

able on a Life or Lives (as the Calc may be) situate or being in the ‘ Town of Fermoy in the County of Cork, of the clear yearly V*lue of

Ten Pounds above Reprizes- and Incumbrances, (or as the Case

maybe)am Tenant and Occupier of Meflujge', Lands, and Tenements,

situate or being in the Town of Fermoy in the County of Cork, of the

yearly Value of Five Pounds or (as the Case ni3y be) possessed of or ‘ entitled to a Personal Estate of the Amount or Value of Five hundred ‘ Pounds over and above the Amount of my Debts; and that I will ‘ truly and impartially, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment,

execute and perform all the Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed ‘ in me as a Commissioner by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth

Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, \fert insert the

‘Title of this Act.] ‘ So help me GOD.’

Penalty on And if any Person not qualified, or being disqualified according to the quafuted"0* rl’erms of this Act, to act as a Commissioner, shall nevenhelcls presume to actingasCom- aft in the Execution of the Powers hereby given, or any of them, every missionera- such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum ol Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, with full Costs of Suit, in any ot His M a jetty’s Courts vf Record in Ireland, by Action ot Debt, cr on the Caff, or by Bit), Plaint, Suit, or Information, to be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Offence shall be committed, wherein no Elloign, Protection, or Wjperof Law, or more th in One Imparlance, shall be allowed; and every Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove th.t he was at ihc Tune of acting qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence being given on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor, than that such Personhad acted as a Commissioner in the

Exetu.ion

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 45. 74,9

Execution of this Act: Irjvrded always, That it shall a.n,1 may be lawful for such of the Comnnfli-icierH who are or shall be in <he Commission of the m3y :lC( aa Peace for the said C >unty of Cork, to act as Justices of the Pc^ce in or luth-relating to the Execution of this Act, nctyithihnding their being Commiilioriers under this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That when any of th~ Commissioners shall d'e, or, by Writing delivered to the Cieik for the Time betng to the mjii,on<rs. C jinmissioners, shall decline to act, or shall become incapable to act, it shall be lawful for the other Commissioners, and they are hereby required from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands, to cleft some other Person qualified as htrnn-before mentioned, to be a Commissioner in the Place of every Commissioner so declining or becoming incapable tn aft, but Ten Days previous Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election of new Commissioners shall De given by the Clerk to the fair) Commissioners, by affixing the fame in Writing on the Gate or Doer of the Church of the said Town of Fermoy, and ih Twoorhcr public Places in the said To*n o! Fermoy; ana so often as there shall. be a Vacancy, to elect some fit Person to be Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act, (o that the whole Number of Conmnffioners shall b: always kept up to at leaftTwenty One, and every Pcrlunlo ciefted is hereby veiled with the fame Powers for putting this Act into Execution, and to act as Justices of the Peace in the Purposes of this Act (betng in the Commission of the Peace as herein-before is mentioned) as if he had been named a Commissioner in or by this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if the Commissioners under this Act case lhe foT the Time being shall at any Time for the Space of Six Calendar Commission. Months neglect or refuse upon any Vacancy to nominate and appoint a ers than be new Commissioner, or if by the Number of Commissioners being reduced [han^inVII- to less than Ten, or if for Want of a sufficient Number of Commissioners Quarter it shall at any Time become difficult to procure a Meeting or Meetings fio." ^y^T* for executing this Act, then and in any of the said Cafes it shall be lawful c°e"tNumber, for any Commissioner or Commissioners for the Time being, or for any otheT Person or Persons residing within the Town of Fermoy aforesaid, from Time to Time to make Complaint thereof to the Justices of the Peace assembled at any General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County of Cork; and it shall be lawful for the Justices to whom such Complaint shall be made, and they are hereby authorized and ctquired to receive and hear the said Complaint, and upon due Proof being made to them of the Matter complained of, to nominate and appoint such Persons as they in their Discretion shall think fit to be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and as often as there shall be Occasion, not exceeding the Number hereby originally appointed; and the Commissioners so to be appointed are hereby veiled with the fame Powers fur putting this Act into Execution, and to act as Justices of the Peace for the Purposts of this Act (being in the Commission of the Peace as herein-before is mentioned,) as if they had Been respectively named Commissioners in or by this Act. 1

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where the Commissioners Power of oranvjustice or Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised to examine *‘hninift«-r;ng

[Loe. & Per.] 9D °atht.&c.

75©

For apoeint-Officers.

Commissioners to take Securirjfrem Oftietrs, he.

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

any Person or Persons on Oath or Affirmation, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and justices, and they are hereby requited and empowered to admir.ifter such Oath, or take such Affirmation.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may and they are herthy authorized and required at their First Meeting, or at any subsequent Meeting, or at any Meeting specially called in Manner aforesaid for that Purpose, by Writing under their Hands, to tied and appoint a Treasurer and Clerk, and al(b a Collector or Collectors of the Rates or Assessments to be raised and levied, and of the other Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, and by whom such Hates, Affi-Aments, and Monies shall from Time to Time be paid to the Trc;.furrr for the Time b"ing, or other Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose in the Manner herein-after mentioned; and also all Surveyors, Paviors, Scavengers, Rakers, Clcanfers, Carters, and Lighters of Lamps, Beadles, Constables, Criers, Watchmen, and such other Officer or Officers, Deputies and Assistants for the Execution of this Act, as they shall from Time to Time think proper, and from Time to Time to remove, suspend, or displace all nr any of such Officers as they shall fte Occasion, and appoint others in the Place of such of them as shall be removed, suspended, or displaced, or shall die or resign their Offices; and also from Time to Time by and out of the Monies to be raised or received by virtue of this Act to pay such "Wages or Salaries, and make such Allowances to Officers and ro all other Persons by them the Commissioners employed in the Execution of this Act, as they shall think reasonable or proper; and the Commissioners shall and they are hereby lequired to take such Security from every such Treasurer, Chief C Alt dor and other Officers in any Situation of Trust, so to be appointed as aforesaid, for the dur Execution of ihcir respective Offices or Duties, as the Commissioners shall think proper j and also it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to purchase any H irfes, Carts, Tools, and Implements as they shall judge necessary, for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution; and every Person who is hereby nude liable to pay the several Rates or Afitflments hereby directed and required to be levied and raised, or to pay such Sum of Money which is under this Act to be applied for the Purposes thereof, shall and they are herthy required to pay the same to such Collector or other Persons who shall be lo appointed to rec ive the fame, in pursuanre of this Act, which Cullecior or Collectors, or other Person or Persons shall not at any Time retain in his 01 their Hands more than the Sum of Ten Pounds upon Pain. of forfeiting to the Commissioners any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings fer Day for every Five Pounds collected and retained beyond the Sum of Ten Pounds and after the fame Rate for every kfs Sum than the Sum of Ten Pounds; and every such Officer and Person so to be appointed as aforesaid shall, unoer his Hand, upon Demand at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall.direct, deliver to such Comm ffi ners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Account, in Writing of all Monies, Matters, and Things received and commuted to their Charge by virtue and for the Purposes uf this Act, and how much of such Monies hath been paid and disbursed and for wl.at Purposes, together with the proper, Vouchers for such Payments; and also the Books, Papers* and Writings in their resprctj*e

Custody

48" GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Custody or Power refit ng ro the Proceeding' to be had under this Act \ and shall pay all such Monies as shall appear upon Balance of their Accounts to the Treasurer appointed by thr bid Commissioners, or to fich p, rfo i or Persons, and at fich Time and Place as the Commissioners shall appont; and every such Person and Persons so accounting as a fori fa fd shall u|>on Oath (or Affirmation, being a Quaker) verify their fa d Accounts s and in Default of any of the fevetal Matters aforesaid for the Space of Eight Days after being the reunto required as aforesaid it shall be lawful for the Commissioners, and they arc htrehy authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought an Action or Actions in any t.f His Majesty's Courts of Record in Ireland, in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons m king such Default as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the Monies which shall be in the Hands of fuel) Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, with full Costs of Suit; or if Complaint shall he made by the Commissioners or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to make Complaint of any iu< h Default as aforesaid, to ny Justice < f the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Party making huh Default shall be and reside, such Justice may and is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the said Officer Of Officers, Person or Persons lo making or having made Default, to be brought before him, and upon his or their appearing, or not appearing except for tome special Cause, to be allowed cf by such Justice as a sufficient Excuse, to hear and determine the Matter of Complaint in a summary Way; and if upon the Conftflion of the Party, or by thtTefti-niony of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Onh (or Affirmation being a Quaker) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies that shall have been collectedor raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, or unaccounted for, then such Justice may, and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to order the Payment thereof, and upon Nonpayment Thereof to cause futh Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Officer or Officer, Person or Persons respectively offending or making Defau’t as efirtsaidj and if no Goods or Chattels can be found fuffii ient to anfv.er and fatitly the said Money and the Charges of distraining and felling the fame, and the other Expences attending the requiring or compelling such Payment as aforesaid, or in case of Refusal to account as aforesaid, or it shall appear to such Justice by the Confession of the Party so offending or making Default as aforesaid, or by the Tcllimony of any iredible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution cf this Act, or to the Proceedings to be had under the fame, shall be in the Ccstody or Power of any such Officer or Person, and he shall refuse to deliver up the same as aforesaid, or shall refuse to verify such Accounts upon Oarh, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, such Justice shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correct i n for the County or Place where such Offender shall be and rtfide, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a irue and pe fest Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he (full have compounded with the Commissioners, and shall have paid fitch Composition in such Manner ts they shall appoint, ’or until Inch Person shall have delivered up such 1 Books,

75 2

4.8’ GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or shall h ive given Samfaction in respect thereof: Provided always, that no Person who shall be rotr-mitted for Want of sufficient Distress shall be committed by virtue of Hu h er»mnalfl!on* Warrant for any longer Spacet.f Time than SixCaterdarMonths: Provided polnT* nfictrs alf°> that if as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Monies to be raised Death 0t virtue of this Act shall die, or be incapable or neglect to perform his Dwy,

RefuCJ?r it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or thereof item, though not assembledataMeetingpuifuantto this Act, by any Writing under their Hands, to appoint another Person to cotleft the fame, who shall give such Seiurity for the due Execution of his Office during his Continuance therein as the Commissioners shall think proper, until the C*.hi* missioners shall, at a Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, appoint a Collector or Receiver of such Monies; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Tiealfarerto

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer to the said Cornmif-Order of Com. l*oners for the Time being shall and may, and he is hereby authoiixed

missioners. and required, out of the Money to be received by him under and by virtue of this Act, to pay all Sums of Money which the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall, by Writing under theie

Hands, order him to pay; and the said Treasurer shall, and he is hereby

required to keep regular and dear Entries in a Book ot Books to be for that Purpose provided, of all and Angular the Receipts and Payments on account of or in pursuance of this Act.

Penalty on X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be tm> SaUig*Drty ployed as Treasurer, Clerk, AfrdTor, Collector, Receiver, Surveyor, or any other Officer or Servant who shall be anywise employed by the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, or any Part thereof, shall forbear or neglect to do any Thing hereby, or by the said Commit*, sioners directed to be done, or on any Account whatsoever relative to the Execution of this Act, or shall in any Way be directly or indirectly beneficially concerned or interested in any Sale, Purchase, Bargain, or Contraft, trade or to be made, by or by the Order of the Commissionens for any of the Purposes intended by this Act, unless with their CorlfcHc or Approbation, every Person so offending shall from thenceforth for ever be incapable of being employed under this Act, and shall over and abovt forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, with full Costs of Suit, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Coufts of Recdrd in Ireland, by Action df Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, to be Commenced wiihth Six Calendar Months after the Offence shall be committed, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlanie shall be allowed.

Penalty on

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be employed reeoTRewaH as Treasurer, Clerk, Afieffor, Collector, Receiver, Surveyor, or any other behde* their Officer or Servant who shall be anywise employed by the Commissioners Salaii«i. jn pUtting this Act, or any of the Powers thereof, in Execution (five a Crier, who may receive such Reward as the Commissioners shall Order), shall exact, take, or accept any Fee, Profit, or Reward whatsoever, other than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards as shall be appointed, al-6 , - lowed.

48J GEORGir mr Cap. 4.5. 7$$

Ipwfd, and approved of by the Commissioners, for or on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this Act, or on any Account whatsoever relating to putting the iame into Execution, every fitch Person so oifuidine shall be incapable of ever serving or being employed in any Matter under this Act, and shall, over and above forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds to any Person or Pet Ions who shall sue for the same by Action of Debt* B-1J, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Ireland, within Six Calendar Months aftci the Offence flijli be committed, with lull Colls of Suit, in which Suit or Prosecution no Essoign, Protection^ or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector or Receiver, or Baisnceof

other Person employed by the Commissioners who shall have received any j',v*

Sum of Money by virtue or for any of the Purposes of this Act, shall paid over at die beiore he or they shall have fully paid arid satisfied all the Money so the Tin* of

iii* 1 v* J r 1 y-N r* 1 r* aj* Receiver s

received by him, then and in every such Case the hxecutors or Ad mi- to bc

nistrators, or other Person or Persons possessing the late Eftace and Eftefts P^'1 b)Kxecu-of every such Person so dying, shall be liable ro pay and make good all c,f d.8 e' such Sums of Money by such Collector or Receiver, or other Person lb Estate, received and not paid, and the same shall be recoverable by Action or Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Ireland against such Executors or Administrators, Person or Persons as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners shall causepro- 3^, to per Books to be provided and kept, in which they shall, either by themselves kep>.°fPio-> or by their Clerk for the Time being, cause regular Entries and Accounts tetd,n£*' to be made of the several Meetings, held in puriuanee of this Act, and of the Commissioners present thereat respectively, and of the Nomination of all Officers and Persons to act in the Execution thereof, and of ail Acts,

Orders, Rules, Resolutions, Proceedings, Matters, and Things relative to the Execution of this Act, and also an Account of all Monies to be alfeffed or r.used, and to be raised or payable by virtue hereof, and of the Payment and Application or the fame, and of al(Comrafts to be made by any Person or Persons by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, all which said Accounts shall be examintd, adjusted, and settled by the Commissioners assembled at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act quarterly at leaf! or oftener, and the Commissioners so examining, adjusting, and settling such Accounts, and also their Clerk for the Time being, shall.fub-scribe their Names to the lame, and the Chairman of such Commissioners assembled as aforesaid, and their laid Clerk by their Order, shall also fub-fenbe their Names, at the end of their Proceedings at every such Meeting; and all Entries in their Books of such Proceedings being signed by the Commissioners assembled thereat and making or ordering the fame by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and by their Clerk, shall be deemed Originals, and the lame.or true and atcefted Copies thereof, shall be admitted to bc read in Evidence in any Court whats.ever, in all causes,-Suiis, or Actions, and upon all Occasions whatsoever, touching any Thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, and such Books shall be kept by the C!erk to the Commissioners for the Time being, or by such other Person or Persons and at such Place as the Comnuifioneis shall dire ft, and {Lie. (3 Per.J 9 E dv.

7 54-

A-'ion! to be in the Name of tht Treasurer,

who shall be reimburstd hi* Expences.

Streets to be pared.

Conybiflion* ers may dig ♦travel, See.

* ?, VH, V"‘ } f f 1 . anl't

48° GEORGII III. Cap 45.

the fame shall reflectively at all convenient and seasonable Times with* out Fee or Reward, be open and liable to the Inspection of the Commissioners and of all Persons rated and addled for the Purposes of this Act, or otherwise affected thereby.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners shall and may lue and be sued in the Name of their Treasurer for the Time being; and that all Actions or Suits that it may be necessary to bring for the Recovery of any Penalty or Sum of Money due or payable, by virtue of this Act, or for or in respect of any other Matter or Thing, relating to this Act, shall be brought in the Name of their said Treasurer; and that no Action or Suit which may be brought, commenced, or prosecuted, by oragainlt such Commissioners, or any of them, by virtue or on Account of this Act, shall abate or be discontinued by the Dtath, Suspension, or Removal of such Treasurer, or by any Act or Default of such Treasurer, done or suffered without the Consent or Direction of the Commissioners for the Time being, but the Treasurer to the Commissioners for the Time being shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action or Suit (as the Cafemay be): Provided always, that every such Treasurer, in whofrName any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended inpuifuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such reasonable Costs, Charges, and Expences, as he shall be put to or become chargeable with, by Reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein, and shall not bepeifon-ally answerableor liable for the Payment of the lame, or any Part of 'hem, unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequenre of his otkn wilful Neglect or Default, or unless it shall have been brought or commenced or defended without the Order or Direction of the Commissioners.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time, and at all Times when and as often as they shall think proper, tocai.fe, order, and diiect the public Streets, Squares, Lancs, Ways, Passages, and Places now being or hereafter to be made in the iaid Town, or any Part or Parts of such Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Paf* sages, or Places, as well those used by Carnages, as those used by Foot Pjffengers, to be paved, (lagged, repaired, raised, lowered, or altered, in such M.inner and with such Materials as the said Commissioners shall think ptoper, and the Person or Persons authorized or directed by them to do the fame, shall have full Power and Authority to do the fame accordingly.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or their Surveyor, or such other Person or Persons as they or he shall employ or appoint, having an Order in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissioners for that Purpose, may and 3re hereby empowered to cut, dig, take, and carry away Stones, Gravel, Chalk, Sand, or other Materials proper for any of the Pur poles of this Act, out of and from any Wade Ground or Common without pay ing any Thing for the lame, such Surveyors or other Persons filling up the Pits and Quarries, levelling the Ground or (loping down the Banks‘whfcre such- Materials shall betaken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries so that the lame may not be dangerous to Paf.

7 fengers

7 55

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

fengers or Cattle, and so that the Lands adjoining may not be injured; or from or out of any Quarry or Quarries already open within Three Miles of the Bridge of the said Town of Fermoy, paying a reasonable Compensation to the Owner or Owners of such Quarry or Quarries for the fame; and in case of any Difference between such Owner or Owners, and the said Commissioners concerning such Compensation, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County or Place where such Quarries shall be situate, on Ten Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Amount of such Compensation.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That r.oOwner or Occupier cf any House or Houses, Building or Buildings, Ground or Land within the said Town fn"g fom/of" of Fermoy, shall at any Time make or cause or suffer to be made any Pavement. Alteration in or in the Form of the Pavement or Pitching of the Foot or Carriage Way, before, behind, or at the Side of his or her House or Houses,

Building or Buildings, Ground or Land, nor any opening in such Pavement or Pitching, for the Purpose of conveying Coal or other Things into any Vault or Cellar under the fame, or for the Purpose of admitting Lighc into any Room, Chamber, or Cellar, or other Purpose whatsoever, without the Consent c f the said Commissioners in Writing, to be signed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners for the Time being, at some public Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act; and also without the Consent in Writing of the original Lessors of the Premises, his, her, or their Assigns cr Successors, under their Hands first had and obtained; and that where any such Alteration or Opening shall be made with such Consent as aforesaid, such Alteration or the Covering or Grating to or for such Opening shall be made, and from Time to Time repaired and altered at the Expence of the Person or Persons to whom such Consent shall be given, and shall be made of such Materials and of such Dimensions and in such Manner and Form as the said Lessees, his, her, or their Assigns or Successors shall think proper and direct; and in case any such Owner or Occupier shall cause such Alteration, Opening, Grating, or Covering to be made without such Consent as aforesaid, or after such Consent had shall make or cause ihe fan-e to be made contrary to the Direction of the said Lessors, his, her, or their Assigns or Successors, or shall not repair, amend, alter, or place the fame or cause the same to be repaired, amended, alrered, or placed in such Manner anti within such Time as shall be exprtffed in a Notice to be given to him or her by Order of the said Lessors, his, her, or their Assigns, or by the said Commissioners or their Clerk for the Time being, by their Direction to be expressed in the Manner herein-before mentioned, it shall thin be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized to cause such Alteration, Opening, Grating, or Covering to be removed, altered, repaired or placed (as the Case may be) as they shall direct or think proper, and the Charges and Expences attending the fame, together with any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings as a Penalty for ft ch Offence, over and above such Charges and Expenres, shall be pa'd by such Owner or Occupier, and shall be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Occupier, in like Manner as the Rates herein-after directed and required to be raised and jevied are direCTed to be recovered; and the Overplus (if any) of the Mo-

756

DtfefH in Pavement to be made good.

rower to provide Lamp*.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

nies to arise, thereby, after deducting such Charges and Expences as aforesaid, and all the Colts and Expences attending such Distress and Sale being returned to such Owner or Occupier.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That after the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, if any Two or more House-keepers wichin the faicJ Town o' Fermoy, shall make Compiaincir. Writing under their Hands to the said Commissioners at any Meeting, or to their Clerk or Surveycr, of any Deleft or want of Repair in any of the Pavements of any of the Streets, Squares, Lancs, Ways, Passages or Places within the said Town of Fermoy, which shall bepaved by vtrtueor in purluanceofthis Act, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners or any Two or more of them or the Surveyor of the said Commissioners duly authorized for that Purpose under the Hands of at leaftTwo of the said Commissioners shall forthwith infptft the Pavement so complained of, and if the same shall be by them found defective, and so reported to be to the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings for putting this Act in Execution, they the said Commissioners shall forthwith 2ive-Orders to their Contractor or Contractors, Pavior crPaviors torepa rthefame, ai.distheContraftoroiContractors, Pavior or Paviorsofthesaid Commissioners to whom such Orders (hailbegivtn, shall not within Six Days next after the Receipt thereof, repair the said defective Pavement, then and in every such Case the said Contractor or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day that the said defective Pavement shall remain unrepaired after the Expiration of the said Six Days.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to provide Lamp Irons or Lamp Polls, and to cause the lame to be set up or affixed into, upon, or against any Houses or Ground adjoining to, or the Walls, Paliladoes, or Iron Rails of such Houses, Tenements, or Buildings, already built or building, or which shall hereafter be built, within such Part of the said Town of Fermoy as aforesaid, as they the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time think proper and convenient, and also to cause such Number of Lamps, cf fetch Size and Sorts, to be provided and fixed or put upon such Lamp Irons or Lamp Ports, and to cause the fame, when so provided and fixed, to be altered,taken down, and removed, as they shall from Tim- to Time think proper, for well and effectually lighting the said Town of Fermoy, and also to cause fitch Lamps to be lighted, at such Time or Times, and to be kept lighted during the whole or such Part or Parts of the Night, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break, throw down, displace, take away, extinguish, damage, or spoil, any Lamp or Lamps, put or to be put up, by virtue of this Act, or wilfully damage the Polls, Lons, or other Furniture or Materials belonging thereto or used therewith, or wilfully hinder or obstruct any of the said Commissioners or Officers employed in the Execution of this Act, in his or their respective Duty, every Person or Persons lo offending in any of the Matters aforesaid, (which shall be taken and deemed distinct and leparite Offences), shall, upon being convicted theteof before the said Commissioners, by the Oath or Affirmation of One or more Witness or With: fifes, or by the Confession of the Party before the

4S* GEORGII III. Cap. 45. 757

said Commissioners, fuifcit and pay any Sum not excteding Five Pounds; One Moiety thereof shall go to the Informer, and the other

Moiety for the Purposts of this Act, over and besides making such Satis-

faction in Money for the Limp or Lamps so broken, thrown down, dif-placed, nken away, extinguilhtd, damaged, or spoiled, as such Commissioners shall think re..sonable, and tball order to be paid, such Penalties and Sat sfaction, to be iaised and recovered a3 ocher Penalties are herein directed to be raised and recovered.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commission-

, , c \ ‘ tv/T ers mnj con-

Comm flioners, Worn 1 imr to Time, at any of their Meetings, to contract traa for pa?*

and agree with any PerLn or Persons for paving, repairing, railing, lower- j£|» lighting, ing, or altering all or any of the Lid Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways,

Passage*, and Places, < r any Pa t or Parts thereof, and also for a sufficient Number of Lamps necessary to be fixed and set up in the said Town of Fermoy, and Limp Lons, Ports, or other Materials necessary or convenient for fixing the fan e, from Time to Time, and for providing and furnishing the lame Limps with all Requisites, and for lighting, supporting, amending, and repairing the fame; bnt before any such Contract or Contracts shall be entered into, Ten Days’ Notice at the least shall be giv n, by fixing the fame on the Sessions House and Church Doors of the said Town of Fermoy, expressing the Purpose or Purposes of such Contraft i r Conoafts, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered to the said Cotn-m fiione:s ac a certain Time and Place, in such Notice to be mentioned; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, to take Security from every such Contraftor for the due Performance of his or her Comraft; Provided always, that no such Contraft or Contrafts shall be deemed good or valid, if the same shall be made for a longer Space or Term than Two Years from the Time of entering into such Contraft or C on trails.

XXI. And be it further enact, !, That every such Contraft or Contrafts Contrafts to (hnli speciry the several Works to be done, and the Piices to be received or paid fur the (am-, and the Time or Times when the said Works are to turners, be completed, and the Penalties to be incurred in case of Non performance t itieof, and shall be figrted by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and also by the Person or Persons coritrafting to perform such Woi It* respectively; and such Contraft or Contrafts shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept lor that Purpose by the Clerk of the said Commissioners.

XXII. And belt further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act Proptrtv of the Prop rty ot all the present and future Pavements, and all Lamps, =11 Materials 1 amp I ons, Puffs, and other Things thereto belonging, in all or any of vested.in the the said S.reets, Squares, Courts, Rows, Lines, R^acts, Ways, Alleys, fioJTerf' PaffagCN and Maces, in the said Town of Fermoy, and also all Chains’ horn. Timber, Furniture, Watchboxes and Houses, Horses, Carts, Tools’

Utensils, Implements, Materials, and all other Articles, Matters, and i hongs whatsoever, which shall or may be erected, fixed, or placed, purchas-t , provided, or made use of, by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, anrjof ..11 Materials, Implements, and other Things, which shall or may be [Arm. y Per.] 9F hereafter

75$

4S" GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

hereafter purchased, gotten, or provided, for such Purj oles as afutef rd, and of all the Filth, Soil, Dung, Manure, or Dirt, which dull aril-r or be made in, and all such Dirr, Alin *, Cinders, Dung, and Filth, as shall be takt nor carried away from all and every of the Houses within the fai l S reet-, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Pillages, and Places, ro be paved, n paited, raised, lowered, or altered, and of all Cefspoois, Bunnies, Watefcourses, and Sewers, now made or hereafter to be made, in the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways Passages, and Places, within the Did Town of Ftrihoy, shall belong to and be the Property of, and the same are hereby vested in the said Comnissioner?, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring, or cause to be breugh , any Action or Actions and to pretrr or order and direct the ptefernng of lany Bill or Bills of Indi&tnrnt (as the Cale shall require) against any Person or Persons who diail bteatt up, Ipoil, damage, injure, destroy, (teal, take, carry away, or detain the lame, or any Part thereof, or didurb them in the Poffrlhon thereof, and from Time to Time to lell and dispose of, for the Purposes if this Act, ail or any Part thereof respectively, in such Manner as ihey shall think proper.

Scavenger! to

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and be employed, for the said CommiUioners, at any of the Did Meeting', to contract and agree with any Person or Persons to be and aft as Scavenger or Scavengers within the said Town of Fermoy, to sweep and cleanse the lame -, and the Person or Persons employed in or contrafting to clean such Stretts, Squares, Lanes, Ways, PaiDgcs, and public Places as atoref id, shall Twice in every Week, that is to say, on Wednesday and Saturday between the Hours of Seven and Eleven in the Forenoon, and upon loch o.her Days, and at such othei Hours as the Comnuffioriers aforesaid shall from Time to Time appoint, sweep and collect together all Dirt, Dolt, Filth, or Rubbish, in such Streets, Squarts, Lanes, Ways, P (Dges, ana public Places, and shall also bring, or caul'e to be brought, a Cart or other proper Carriage into such Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, PaiT ges, and public Places, where such Cart or other Cirriage can pals, at d shall at his or their Approich with such Cart or other Carriage, and not before, by Sound of Bell, Voice, or otherwise, give Notice to the Inhabitants of his or their coming, and g ve the like Notice in every Court, Pallage, or Place into which such Cart or Carriage cannot pass and abide and day a convenient Time in or near such Places respectively so th d the Inhabitants or Persons concerned may bring forth their Dirr, Dull, Affies, and other Filth (except Filth from any Pri.y or Necessary House) to the Doors of their respective Houses and Premises, and there leave the fame in some convenient Place near their Doors, Iroin whence the said Scavenger or Scavengers, or other Ferlon or Persons as aforesaid, shall take and put into such Cart or Carriage all such Dull, Dirt, Ashes, and Filth, (except as aforesaid) or otherwise the said Scavenger or Scavengers, Person or Persons shall, if required, come into liah Part of their respective Houses and Premil’es where such Dirt, Dull, Ashes, and other Filth as aforesaid shall be kept, and take the Dme from thence, and the said Dud, Dirt, Ashes, and other Filth, as well as all focti other Dud;, Dirt, Dung, Ashes, and other Filth, as shall be ("wept up and collected together as aforesaid (except as aforesaid) the Did Scavenger or other Officer, or Persons appointed for that Purpose, shall then immediately, or as soon

as

759

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap.as.

as may be, cany away, or cause to be c rriecl away, to the Piace or Places to be appointed by the said Coinniiffi mer-. for depefiting ti.e fame, up n pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Sh llings for every such Offence or Neglect i and every Person atfling as such Scavenger f r the l'nie oeing shal I cause the Wordslt Scavenger sCart to be painted, tngctlicr with his Name anti Number, in'large Roman Letters, on the Front or other cotifpicuous Piace of their Carts or Carriages, for the Pur-pnlts aforesaid, on Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for ev.ry such Neglect therein-, and if any such Scavenger or Scavengers, or other Person or Persons acting as such, or employed as af refcid, shall sweep - r throw any Dull, Dirr, Allies, or Filth, into the Sewers, Drains, Sinks, cr Watercourses, within the said Town of Fermoy, tvery Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence.

XXIV. And be itjfurther enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever, mall throw, c.tft, or lay, or cause to be thrown, call, or laid, any Dust, Dirt, Dung, Allies, or other Filth whatsoever, in the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places (except the Dirt, Ashes, and Filth to be collected and put together, and placed as aforesaid, and except as herein-,.fter mentioned), on Fin of forfeiting and paying for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Shill.ngs nor shall throw or call any such Dirt, Dust, Dung, Ashes, or other Filth whatsoever, into any of the Rivers, Brook', Sewer5, Drains, Sinks, or Water-courses within the same, upon Pain of forfeiting and paying for every such last-mentioned Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, but ftnli, and he, (lie, and they are hereby required to keep, or cause to be kept, the fame in their respective Houses, Cellars, or Yards, until such Times as the Scavenger or Scavengers, or other Person or Persons appointed to take away the fime as aforesaid, shall come by or near their Houses or Doors, with a Cart or other Carriage, for the Purpose of carrying away the same.

XXV. Provided always, That no Person shall be subject to any Penalty as aforesaid, for or on Account of any Rubbish or Dire in such Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places as aforesaid, occasioned by the building, pulling down, altering, or repairing his or her House or other Buildinn, nor for making any Lime into Mortar to be used in or for the Purpose of building, altering, or repairing the fame, in case there be full and luificient Space (in the Opinion of any Three or more of the Commissioners, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being) left in or at the Side of the Street, Square, Lane, Way, Passage, or Place, whereon such Rubbish, Dirt, Lime, or Mortar shall lie, or be placed, for Cariiages to pass and repaf, and a sufficient W.y kept dear 1 r Foot Passengers, by the Person or Persons laying or cccafi ,n ng the lame to be laid or placed, and to as a sufficienr Light be, at his, her, or their osn sixpence, let anu maintained at the Place where such Dirt or Rub-I ilh, Lime or Mortar, shall be so laid or placed, between the Hours of Sun.fee a d Sunrise, to prevent any Mifchtef happening to Passengers or Cattle, and so as (if the Commissioners shall think proper and direct) the lame to beendofed and fenced about in such Manner, and within such Tune as they in any Notice to be by their Order given to or left with

5 such

Persons not to throw Dirr, &c. into the S.rceti.

Penalty not to extend to Runbith or Dirt, &c.

760

Penalty far taking away Dirt, &c.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

such Person or Pci foils shall direct, and the same shall be removed at his, her, or their own Expence within a Time to be expressed in a Notice to be in like Manner given or left to remove the lame.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That noPeifon or Persons whomsoever shall take or can y away, or cause 10 be taken or carried away any Dirt, Dud, Dung, Ashes or other Filth out of any furh Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places as aforesaid, other th n such Scavenger or other Officer or Person contracting or to be appointed for that Purpose as hrrein-befort is mentioned, on Pain of forfeiting any Sum not exteeding Twenty Shillings lor every such Offence.

«LII*eri0

XXVII. Provided always, That nothing herein contained dial I extend to to keeper prevent any Person or Persons frm preserving and keeping any Dirt, &c " ti ei Dung, Ashes, M mure, Muck, Filth, or Rubr ifh, within h.-, her, or

ownUfi.1 their Houses, Yards, Gardens, or G ounds, or oiherwif- dilpoSfrg of'he fame for their own Use and Brncfic, so as such Dirt, Dult, Dung, Ashes, Minute, Mu k, Filth, or Rubbith, be not laid or placed in any of such Streets Square , Lanes Wars, Passages. or Places as aforesaid, for any longer Time than shall be n'-cessary for loading and carrying away the fa ne, or be fufierid to annoy any of the Inhabitants of the said Town as aforesaid; but in Cafe any Person so iderving such Dir , Dull, Dung, Allies, Manure, Muck, Filth, or Rubb.fh, shall thereby annoy any of the Inhabitants, or shall permit, or suffer the fame ro remain fur any lunger Tune than from Sun-rising in the Morning to Sun letting in the Evening, bcfoie the same shall be earned away or ie-moved aft r Notice in W.i.ing ro him or her given, under the Hands of the said comm'.li ners 01 any Five or more of hem, or by their Clerk by their Order, or left ac such Person’s Dwelling Huufe, to remove the fame, such Person so i {fending shall forfeit the said Dung, Manure, or Robbish, and the Comnvffianers shall direct their Scavenger to carry away the fame, and shall also forfeit and pay any Sum noc exceeding Ten Shillings a Day that such Annoyance shall be suffer^d to remain after such Notice given as aforesaid.

Footwiyr.to

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the lefpedlive Owners and Oc-

he *w*pt. ctipiers of Houses or other Buildings or Grounds or Land in the public Streets, Squares, Ways, Lanes, Passages, or Places alreaoy nu.de or bu It, or which Avail hereafter be mads or built, within the said 1'own, shall and they are hereby requir e! from and immediately after the passing of ihis Act, to cause to be well and Efficiently Iwept and cleanled, the Footings, or Foot Pavements, before, behind, and on the Sides of the fame (is the Situatii n thereof shall require) every Morning in the Year, brt'een the Hours of Seven and Ten of the Clock in the Ftvenoon of each D.y, and shall a:so cause the Dirt and Sell, arising from such sweeping and cleaning to be collected and put together in such Parr of the Street contiguous to his, her, or their iclpsfbvc Huufe or Houfif!, or other Buildings or Ground or Land as alute anl, as the Did Comm'flioners, or any Three or more of them, Ihafl appoint, wuhouc obstructing the Way or Road or Sewers, or creating any Nutfance or Annoyance thereby, in orderthat the fame may be leady for the loading andr..king away thereof by the Scavenger or Scavengers or other Peifun or Ptrfor.s

employed

v

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

employed in cleansing such Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places*

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the faitl Commissioners shall have full Power and Authority to cause the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places to be watered as oltcn as they fh.*Jl think fit; and also to cause any Wells to be dug and sunk, and any Pump or Pumps, to ce erected in such Places as they shall think proper, in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and Places within the said Town, for the Purpose of watering the lame, or for any other Purpose, and to cause the tame to be removed or altered, and the Expences thereof to be defrayed out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act to purchase One ot more Engine or Engines for the extinguishing cf Fire, and such Number of Water Buckeis, for the Supply of such Engine or Engines as they shall think fir, and to ered and build, and purchase or rent a Place or Places proper for keeping such Engine or Engines and Buckets; and also from Time to Time to appoint I'ome proper Person or Persons to look after and manage such Engine or Engines and Buckets with such Wages or Salary, as they the said Commissioners shall think fit; and the Cods, Charges, and Expences of purchasing such Engine or Engines and Buckets, or providing a Place or Places proper for the fame, and of every Matter or Thing relating thereto, and also the Wages or Salary of the Person or Persons looking after and managing such Engine or Engines and Buckets, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed out of the Monies to be raised by the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authoris'd and required, from Time to Time, to order and establish such Number of Watchmen, Beadles, Constables, and other Officers, as they shall judge needfary or proper, to be kept or employed in or about the said Town, and shall likewise dirtd and appoint how and where the several Watchmen, Beadles, Constables, and other Officers, shall be stationed, and in what Manner they shall be armed, how often they shall go their Rounds, how long they shall continue upon Dun, and what Wages shall be allowed to such Watchmen, Beadles, Constables, and other Officers, for their Service, and shall and may also ered and provide proper Places, Boxes, or Watch Houses, for the Reception of such Watchmen, Beadles, Constables, and other Officers, as aforesaid, and shall make all such Orders and Regulations as the Nature of the respective Services shall to the said Commissioners appear to require, and as shall be necessary for preserving Peace and Order; and an effective Police within, and the Safety of the Inhabitants of the said Town; and shall cause all such Nominations, Orders, and Regulations, as shall be maae by them from Time to Time, for the better Direction and Government of such Watchmen, Beadles, Constables, and other Officers, and for the other Purpose* hit mentioned, to be printed, and

ec. Ss5 Per.J 9 G Copies

76?

Streets to btt watered.

Enabling the

Comniiliion-

ers to provide a Fire Engine or Engines.

Watchmen,

Beadle, and Constables.

Transcripts of Regulations,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Copies of them figr.ed by the Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, and the Clerk to the Commissioners for the Time bring4 and it shall be lawful for such Watchmen, Beadles, Constables, and other Officers, and they are hereby authorised and required, to keep Watch and Guard within the said Town as aforesaid, and to arrest, apprehend, detain and secure, in the Watch House, or foroe convenient PJace of Safety, within the said Town, to be provided and appointed by the Watchmen, Commissioners, all Malefactors, Disturbers of the Public Peace, difonderly hend.° *PPre" ^crfons> Vagrants, Beggars, Petitioners, and all fufpcfted and such other Personsas shall be found wandering or misbehaving themselves.andlhalltake such Person or Persons within Twenty-four Hours (or as soon after ai conveniently may be) before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Cork, to be examined and dealt with according to Law-, and the said Beadles, Constables, and other Officers, shall, as often in every Night as shall be ordered by any Three of the Commissioners, go about their rdpeftive D iff rifts and Rounds to take Notice whether all the Watchmen perform 1 heir Duty in their several Stations, according to such Orders and Regulations as shall be made and provided by the Commissioners; and in case any Watchman shall misbehave himself, or neglect his Duty, the said Beadles, Constables, or other Officers or Persons respectively, shall, as soon as c nveni-ently may be, give Notice thereof to the Clerk of the Commissioners fer the Time being, who is hereby authorized to suspend such Watchman from the Execution of his Office, and appoint another Person to officiate therein, until the next Meeting of the Commissioners, when the said Clerk shall acquaint the Commissioners assembled at such Meeting with the Complaint against such Watchman, in order that they may proceed to the Examination of the Offence or Charge, and such Watchman moreover shall be subject and liable to such Penalty for every such Neglect or Misbehaviour as is herein-after expressed.

watchmen

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if such Watchmen, Beadles, Con-etoncgieft’ng stables, and other Officers, or any of them, shall not observe, perform, Djt>- and keep the Orders, Rules, and Regulations, which shall be made for the

Purposes aforesaid, by the Commissioners, or shall in.any Manner neglect their Duty, or misbehave themselves, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Neglect or Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings and if the Commissioners shall think proper, shall be immediately discharged from his or their respective Office or Employment.

ProviJing

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, Thatit shall and may be lawful to and Watchmen ^or t*lc kid Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to give such

,1C' " Rewards in Money to the Watchmen respectively to be appointed as

aforesaid, who may be disabled or wounded in the Execution of their Office, as they the said Commissioners shall think real'onable, such Money to be paid out of the Monies to be raised for the Purposes of this Act.

Penalty on

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Victualler, Publican, or Pnbiiians bar* dther Person, selling Spirituous or other Liquors, shall entertain or harbour Watchmen Ms, her, or their House or Habitation or Shop, any Watchman to be

during the appointed under this Act, during any of the Hours or Times appointed

48° GEORGII till. Capa

fer such Watchman to be on Duty, in virtue or in pursuance of this Act, then every such Vial trailer. Publican, or other Person, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXXV. An be it further eiiafted^That if any Person or Persons shall upon Certain ASt^ any of chcprCfentorfuturc Pavements of the Streets, Squares, Ways, Lanes, raitteriintho Passages, and public Places now made or built or which shall hereafter be suceo. made or built within the said Town as aforesaid which is now or any Time hereafter shall be raised above the Carriage Way, and used as a Foot Way or upon any other Foot Way, designed and appointed for a Foot Way only, carry any lighted Flambeau, Link, or Torch, other than (or the Links,'etc!* Purpose of lighting a Sedan Chair, having a Person therein, or for the Purpose of lighting the Public Lamps within the said Town; or shall run, draw, drive, or carry thereon any Truck, Wheel, Sledge, Wheel-barrow, (except for conveying Bread, Furniture, or Luggage to any

rows, etc.

Houfr) Bier, Handbarrow, or Carriage whatsoever, or shall roll any Calk other than for it he necessary loading or unloading thereof, in, upon, from or out of any Carriage, or shall thereon wilfully ride, lead, or drive, any Cattle of any Kind, or any Beast, whether loaded with Coal, Vegetables, or other Goods or Wares for Sale or not, or shall suffer any Horle or other Beast to (land upon the said Foot Way, or upon any of the Croflings, or shall in any of such Streets, Squares, Ways, L.anrs, Passages, or public Places as aforesaid, burn, dress, or cleanse, any Cork, or shall hoop, fire cleanse, walh, or feald, any Cask, or empry any of the Contents of any Calk therein, or shall hew, saw, or cut any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or shall,' flake any Lime, or bore any Timber (except for the Purposes of rebuilding, altering, or repairing, any House or Building, in the Manner herein menrioned, or for any of the Purposes by this Act required or authorized to be done, in which Cafes the fame shall, if the Commissioners shall think proper and direct, be fenced and inclosed in the Manner herein-after mentioned) Or shall make or repair any Coach, Waggon, Sledge, or other Carriage in any of such Streets, Squares, Ways, Lanes, Passages, or public Places, as afor< said, (except such Carriages as may want immediate repairing from any sudden Accident upon the Spot, and which cannot be Conveniently removed for that Pergol'e) or shall (live or (except in Cafes of Accident) bleed, or shall turn looie any Horse, Afs, or other Braft therein, or if the Driver of any Waggon, Cart, Sledge, or other Carriage, shall in any or the said Streets, Squares, Wa\s, Lanes, Passages, or public Places, ride on the Shafts, or in or on any Part of such Waggon, Cart,

Sledge, or other Carriage without Ueins, or on any of the Hoifes or Cattle draw.ng the fame, or if any Person shall drive any Cattle, or diive any Horse Oi other Beast, within the said Town so furiously as thereby to cause a peTonal Danger to any one whomsoever, or shall in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes* Ways, Passages, or public Places, shew or expose any Stallion or Stone Horse, or shall make any Bonfiie, or let off or fire any Crackers, Squibs, or other Fireworks, or shall suffer his ot their Mastiff or Bull Dog, or Mastiff or Bull 'Bitch, to go unmuzzled^ after Notice given by any Person whomsoever to the Owner thereof, or any of Ins or her Servants to confine the fame, or if’any Person shall fist, cast, throw, cr lay any Ashes, (except in the Time of Fruit only and to prevent Accidents) or any Dust, Muck, Dungv Soil, Filth, Rubbish, Rtfufc ot Garden Stuff, Blood, Offal, Carrion, or any other offensive Matter ot

Thing,

764

48° GEORGII III. Caff. 45.

Thing, in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and public Places, or shall winnow Corn therein, the same shall be re-ipectively considered as an Offence against this Act, and every Person so offending in any of such Cases shall for every such Offence forfeit and p y any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and if any Person or Persons shall kill or (laughter, or shall singe, leald, dress, or cut up any Animal ei her wholly or in part, in any of such Streets, Squares, Ways, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, or public Places, or in any Place whatfutver slave and except in a proper Slaughter House) every Person so offending in any of the Matters aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Two Pounds.

Annoyancestu

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement >« removed. 0p a|| pl0thoul'es, Bow Windows, Shutters, Signs, Sign-Posts,

Sign-Ir-ns, Shew-Boards, Spouts, Gutters, Steps, Pales, Kails, Palifa-does, Fences, Grates, Projections, or Cellar Windows, as in the Judgment of the Majority of the Commissioners attending at any Meeting of the Commissionets, shall be inconvenient or dangerous to Passengers upon any of the present or future Footways or Carriageways of such Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and public Places, or which are not as herein-after directed in respect thereof, shall within Twenty-one Days after a Day to be expressed in a Notice signed by the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and their Clerk for the Time being, to be for that Purpose given to or left with the Owner or Occupier of the Houses or other Buildings or Lands, to whom such Matters and Things as aforesaid, or any efthem, shall respectively belong, be taken down, filled up, removed, altered, or repaired by or at the Expence of the Owners or Occupiers thereof, under the Inspection and Direction of the Surveyor or other proper Officer of the said Commissioners; and in case the respective Owners shall neglect or refuse to obey such Notices, and to observe and perform the several Ma'ters and Things hereby respectively required to be done within the Time aforesaid, then such Owner shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Week the same shall so remain undone, and then also it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to cause the same to be taken down, filled up, removed, altered, repaired, and fixed, in the Manner and for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall return or cause to be returned to the respective Owners thereof, or be left on the Spot from whence the same shall be so respectively removed, or as near thereto as conveniently may be for such Owners as aforesaid, so much of such Matters and Things as aforesaid. as shall not be affixed or Jet up, or otherwise made use of in the Alterations directed by this Act; and the Changes and Expences attending the lame shall be recovered from the Owners thereof respectively, in the same Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures infiidiecl by this Act are directed to be recovered on Nonpayment; and if such Owners, or any other Person or Persons shall cause loch Matters and Things to be placed, eredfed, built, or made contrary to the Directions of this Act, or shall cause any Incroachment or Annoyance whatsoever, every such Owner or other Person for every Week he or she (hal)fooffendshall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceedingTen Shillings, or otherwise it shall be lawful for any Five of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, to order the same to be taken down, filled up,removed, alctrtd, or repaired in such Manner as they shall think proper,or as

V 3 is

765

4Sa GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

is l>erein-nfter duedfed in rrfpedt thereof, without giving any Notice to the Owner or other Person or P.rons offending therein, and cheChargesand Expencesattcndine the tame, IHallormaybe rtcoveied from the Owneror Person o: Pe t ns so offending, in the I' me Manner as is lad herein-before directed:

Provided al -. ays,' that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to Projedions trta le or to be made in the Nature of Bow Wind >ws in any of the prrfent or future Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways,

Paflagts, or public Places in the said Town of Feimoy, in case such Proprietors do no advance beyond the Areas of the resptdtue Houses, or in case there rti.ll be no Area, do not advance more than One Foot oeyond the Front Wall of the P.emifes to which such Projections adjoin: Provided also, that in case such Occupier or Occupiers shall be required to make such Alterations, Matters, a d Things aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for him, her, or them, to dedudl the Corts, Charges, and Expences of making the same out of his, her, or their next Kent, and such Landlord and Landlords is and are hereby required to allow the fame accordingly.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Signs in any of the said Direction* Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Pillages, and public Places, shall be *?^jhlr^ater. placed and fixed flat upon or against the Front Walls of the Houses, or pipes,’etc-other Building', to which they belong, and that all the Water which shall «.ome from the Koof-, Cornices and Penthouses, of all Houses or other Buildings within the said Streets, Squaies, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and public Places, shall be conveyed by proper and sufficient Pipes or Trunks, to be fixed on the Fronts or Si<Jes of such Houses, or other Buildings, by the Owners or Occupiers thereof; and in case such Owners or Occupiers shall not erect the fame, upon receiving f en Days Notice to thac Effect, that it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners to erect the lame, at the Expence of such Owners or Occupiers, such Expence to be levied and recovered as otiier Monies are herein directed to be levied and recovered.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Horse, Swine, Beast, or p.eTentjn? other Animal, shall at any Time be found wandering about any of the ut kvv.wJer-said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or public Places, now made, yjs ^su,e or heieaf er to be made or built, wrhin the said Town of Fcrmcy, it shall be lawful for any Officer or Officers to be appointed by the said Commissioners, or for any of the Inhabitants of the said Town, to impound such Horse, Swine, Beast, or other Animal, in such Place as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and the fame there to detain, until the Owner or Owners thereof shall, for each Beast or other Animal lo impounded, pay a Sum of Money, not exceeding Five Shillings to the Treasurer for the Time being to the Commissioners, towards the Pur-pnfes of this Act, and also the Sum of One Shilling to the Person impounding the fame, besides the reasonable Charges and Expences of impounding and keeping the fame; and in case the said Sums, Charges, and Expences, shall not be paid wiihm Seven Days after such impounding, it shall be lawful for such Person as shall be appointed by the said Commiflimers for that' Purpose, giving Ten Days previous Notice to the Owner or Owners of such Horse, Swine, Bead, or other Animal, to fell, or cause the same to be sold, and the Money arising from such Sale, after deducting the said Sums and the Charges and Expences [Lvc.&Per.] 9 H aforesaid,

766

Carls, Carriages,etc. nor to be left in the Streets.

48° GEORGII IH. Cap. 45.

aforesaid, and of such Notice and Sale, shall be paid to the Did Treasurerj to be by him upon Application paid to the Person whole Property the Beast, or other Animal, (o fold, shall appear to h,ve been.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Carr, Carr, Waggon, Sledge, Dray, or other Carriage used for the Par pole cf conveying or carrying Goods, Merchandize, or any other Materials whatsoever, shall at any Time be left or Coffered to stand or continue in any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes Ways, Passages, or public Places already made or building, or which shall hertafrer be made or built within the said Town of Fermoy, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for the loading or unloading thereof, or shall be fee, placed, or lefr, upon a y Part of che Foot CrofTings of any such Street, Square, Lane, Way, Paffige or Place, or shall be set or placed athwart or across any Part of such Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Places, (although for the Purpose of loading or unloading the fame) so as there shall not be sufficient Room Jett for another Carriage to pass, or if any Stage Coach, Puff Chai/e, or other Carriage let to hire, (except any Coaches (landing for hire, and such Coaches or Chaifcs as shall be let as Jobs, or by the Day, or any fttpulared Time) shall be suffered to (land in any of such Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or public Places as aforesaid, for a longer Time than shall be necessary for taking up and letting down Passengers or Tiavcllers, or for loading or unloading their Luggage, or if any Timber, Scone, or Thing whatsoever, be drawn in any of such Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages or public Places without the fame being placed on a Sledge or Carriage for that Purpose, or if any Timber of Twenty Feet long or upwards, shall be carried upon any Waggon, Cart, Sledge or other Carriage in or through the fame without being attended by one or more Person or Persons, besides the Carter driving such Carriage, for the Purpose of guiding the End of such l imber and preventing the fame from linking against any Person, House, Wall, or Building, or if any Timber, Iron, Lead, Bricks, Stones, Lime, Mortar, Hay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Coals, Boards, Tubs, Calks, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Materials or Things, Rubbish, Dud, Dirt, Dung, Filth, or other Nuisance or Annoyance whatsoever, shall be thrown, laid, placed, or left in any such Street, Square, Lane, Way, Passage, or public I lace as aforesaid, (except building, taking down, adding to, altering or repairing any House, Tenement, or Building, or for any of the Purposes authorized or required to be done in virtue or in purfuar.ee of this Act, in which Cafes the fame shall, if the Commissioners shall think proper and direct, be fenced and enclosed in the Manner herein-after expressed) and the fame (except as last aforesaid) shall be suffered to remain for a greater Space of Time than shall be necessary for the hoofing or removing thereof, or if any Wood or Faggot Pile shall be made or erected within Twenty Feet of any such Houses or other Buildings, then and in every such Case the Owner or Driver of every such Waggon, Cart, Carr, Dray, Sledge, Coach, Chaile, or other Carriage as aforesaid, and the Owners of any such Timber, Wood, Faggots, Lon, Sticks, Stones, Hay, Wood, Goods, Materials and Things, Dirt or Rubbish'as aforesaid, or the Person or Persons causing such Annoyance as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 4$* 7^7

XL. A m3 be it further enacted, That no Necessary House or Privy now bting, or which shall hereafter be, within the said Town, shall be Ne ertary emptied at any other Time than between the Hours of Twelve at House*. Niglu and Seven in th Morning; and if any Person or Persons shall empty any such NecelLry House or Privy at any other Time, then and in such Calc every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum noc exceeding Forty Shillings; and if any Person or Persons shall lay the Soil of any such Necess.iry House or Privy in any ether Place than in such Place or Places as shall be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioner>, or shall wilfully or negligently Jpill any of the Soil of any such Necelfary House or Privy in any of the Streets, Squares, Lines, Ways, P.iflages, or public Places alieady made or built, or which shall hereafter be made or built, within the said Town, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Stones, Timber, Mortar, r°pre-Rubbish, Materials, or other Things, shall be laid or placed in any eenrireAcci* Hole or Opening which shall be made in any of the Streers, Squares,

Lanes, Ways, Pafla^es, or public Places already made or built, or which indo.ed.

shall hereafter be made or builr, within the said Town of Fermoy as aforesaid, for any Purpose whatsoever, not prohibited by or contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Owner of such Houses, Materials, or other Things, or Person or Persons causing such Hole or Opening to be made, shall, at his, her, or their Expence, cause a Light to be affixed in or near the fame respectively, for securing Passengers and Cattle from Accidents, evety Night from Sun-setting to Sun-vifing, during the Time such Stones, Materials, Hole, or Opening shall remain; and also if the Commissioners shall think proper and direct shall, ac his, htr, or their Expence, cause such Stones, Materials or other Things, Hole or Opening, or either (as the Case may be) to be fenced and inclosed, in such Manner as the Commissioners shall think roper, and continue the fame so fenced and inclosed until the Stones, Materials or other Things, Hole or Opening (as the Case may be) shall be removed, and in Default thereof shall forfeit anti pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Day’s Neglect; and the Comtnifljoners, on such Default being made, are hereby em-powcied to cause such Lights to be put up, and to fence and indole such Stones, Materials, and other Things, Hole or Opening, so found and inclosrd, and charge such Owners, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, with the Expences thereof respectively, and to recover such Expences on Ketufal ro pay the same to the Commissioners, and the Expences attending such Recovery, and to apply the lame in the same Manner as other Expences are herein-before directed to be recovered and applied.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Cellar Window or Win- Cellar Windows shall be left open in the Evening, or in the Night, without the be uftop-n* fame being sufficiently lignted to prevent Accidents ha; pening the re-from, the Occupier or G cupiers of such House or Cellar shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay ary Sum not exceeding Five Shillings.

768

Names of the Streets to be set up, and Houses numbered.

Penalty on Persons obtruding W orkmtn.

Commissioner* may make Sewers, Drains, &c.

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners shall and’rfiay* and they are hereby required to cause to be plated on some compicuous Part of forne House or Building at or near each End, Corner or Entrance of the several Streets, Squares, Lancs, Ways, Passage , and public Places already made Or built, or which shall heieaitcr be made or built within the said Town, the Name of or by which every such Scree', Square, Lane, Way, Passage or public Place is usually or shall he called or known; and also shall and may cauie any House, Shop, Warehous*, or Building in the fame Streets, Square?, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or public Places, to be marked and numbered in such Manner as they shall think proper for distinguishing the fame; and if any Person shall wilfully or m iliciously drstroy, pull down, injure, obliterate, cr deface any such Mark or Number, or the Names of the fame Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and public Places, or any of them, or any Pan thereof, or cause cr procure the same to be done, every such Person to offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times obstruit, hinder, or molest, any of the Commissioners or any Surveyor or Surveyors, Watchmen, Beadles, Constables, or other Officer or Officers, Workmen, Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, are, or shall be employed by virtue of this Act in the Performance or Execution of their Duty, or of any other Matter and Thing to be done in virtue or in pursuance hereof, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, over and above such Penalties as are mflidted on any of the said Offences by any other Law or Statute now in force.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may cause such and so many new Cess Pools, Sewers, Drains, Vaults, Gutters, and Wateicourses, as they may think sufficient and necessary, to be dug and made in, along, or across any of the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and public Places, and also any of the Cess Pools, Sewers, Drains, Gutters, and Vaults which new are or hereafter shall be made within the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and public Places, to be enlarged, widened, raffed, altered, removed, repaired, cleansed, or scoured, when and as often as da them the said Commissi >nrrs shall seem meet, and for any of the said Purposes shall ard may from Time to Time cause to be dug, carted, and carried out of or brought into the Lid Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and public Places, or any of them, such Gravel, Stones, Bricks, and other Materials as they shall judge necessary; and also fli.tll and may cause such and lo many Grates or Openings to be made therein for the conveying and cauying off the Filth, foul and other Water, from the Houses huiit or to be built in or adjoining such Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or public Places into the said Cess Pools, Sewers, Drains, Gutters, and Vaults as the said Commissioners shall and may think necessary and expedient for that Purpose; and all Colts, Charges, and Expences in and about the making, enlarging, widening, repairing, cleaning, or scouring such Sewers, Drains, and Vaults, shall be borne and defrayed out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

7

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That all private; Drains which now are or which shall hereafter be made within any of the said Streets, Squares, L-.ir.es, Ways, Paffaees, or ublic Places, within the said Town of Fermoy, and which do or shall issue into any of the public Sewers, Drains, or Vaults, shall be repaired and cleansed, under the Inspection and Direction of the Surveyor, or other proper Officer to the said Commissioners, at the Colls and Charges of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of the Lands or Tenements to whiih the said private Drains do and shall respectively belong.

XLVII. Andwhereasit would beofgreat Accommodation to the Inhabitants of the said Town of Fermoy if a proper House and Office within the said Town were provided, where the Commissioners may from Time to Time meet for the Purpose of putting this Act into Execution, and for the Trans dlion of Business, and where the Books, Papers, and Writings belonging to the Commissioners may be always safely lodged and deposited, and the Inhabitants of the said Town, and other Persons interested, may from Time to Time reforr, to inspect the fame; and also if a proper House or Place were provided, where the principal or chief Constable or other Peace Officer to be appointed by the Commissioners, might reside or repair, and be ready to answer on all public Occasions; and also if proper Buildings were provided within the Town aforesaid where all Persons whom the Watchmen, Beadles, Constables, or other Officers appointed by the Commissioners, are hereby authorized and required to apprehend as aforesaid, might be safely kept and detained during and until fmh Time as the fame Persons can or may be taken before some One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Cork, in the Manner and for the Purposes herein-before mentioned, and where an Engine or Engines for extinguishing of Fire, and Things appertaining thereto might be safely kept, as herein-before mentioned, and for depositing and keeping any Water Carts for watering the said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and public Places, and for the depositing of the Materials, Tools, or Implements belonging to the said Commissioners or their Offic< ts, and also One or mote Piece or Pieces of Land lying within or near the said Town, where the Dirt, Dust, Rubbish, Allies, Soil, and Filth, of he said Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and public Places, to be cleansed by virtue of this Act, and the Soil from N-celTary Houses, m 7, under or by the Order, Permission, and Direction of the Commissioners, to be removed, carried, and laid; be it therefore enatted. That it shall be Lwfui for the said Commissioners, by and out of the Monies to be raised in pursuance hereof, to purchase, hire, or contract for, or otherwise provide, a House or Houses, Room or Rooms, or a Piece or Pieces of Land cr Ground, for the Purpose of building a House or Houses, Room or Rooms, or such other proper and convenient Place or Places, in such Situat on in the said Town of Fermoy, for all or any of the several Purposes fit ft mentioned, and also a Piece or Pieces of Land not exceeding One Acre, either within the said Town or out of the said Town, for the Purpose of depositing such Rubbish and Filth as last mentioned, as they shall think proper, such House or Houses, Room or Rooms, Place or Places, or Piece or Pieces of Land, to be holden either in Fcx Simpe at a Ground Renr, or without, or by Lease or Leases on a Life or Lives renewable at a Fine or Fines certain, or for Terms of Years LLoc. & Per.'] 91 certain.

769

Private Drains to be cleansed.

Power to provide Places for various Purposes.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 4 v

certain, or Years determinable and renewable on a Life or Lives, and from Time to Time to surrender, give up, fell, exchange, or dispose of the fame, either by public Auction, or private Contract, and to purchase, fake, hire, or provide any other House or Houses, Room or Rooms, Place or Places, Piece or Pieces of Land of the fame or the like Tenure, to be used, employed, and enjoyed, for the Purposes hertin-before mentioned concerning the same respectively, as, and when, and as often as they shall think proper; and the Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered to take a Conveyance, Grant, or Alignment of such House or Houses, Room or Rooms, Place or Places, Piece or Pieces of I, and, to them the Commissioners and their Successors, for the Purposes aforesaid, and in like Manner to make a Conveyance thereof respectively, of such of them respectively as they may think proper, to lell, or Uifpoie of as aforesaid, and such House or Houses. Room or Rooms, Place or Places, Piece or Pieces of Land, when so purchased or uk<-n as aforesaid shall bevelled in thr Commissioners for the Time bring and tr.eir Successors for the Purposes of this Act; and the Commissioners are hereby authorized to apply any Part of the Monies so to be raised in purlusnceof this Act, not exceeding Five hundred Pounds, in the furmlhing, re-

Jtairing, altering, or adding to the House or House j Room or looms, Place or Places so to be purchased or taken, as aforesaid, or in building or erecting convenient or necessary Buildings on the Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground for any of the Purposrs aforesaid, and shall all’o thereout pay and keep down all Ground 01 Quit reserved Rent> due or payable in respect of such Premises, and all such Fines or Renewals of Leases, if any, and the Monies which shall arise from the Sale or S.les of such Freehold Premises, or any Part thereof, or for such Furniture and Buildings as aforesaid, shall be applied, as the other Momes c be raised and levied in pursuance of this Acc are hereby directed to be applied, or such of them as the Commissioners shall think proper cr conven.ent.

Per tons deem-

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Altera-

ed Owners tions as herein mentioned shall be made to any House or Building wherein hreate^ Ertate any Person or Persons shall have any greater Estate, Term, or Interest than than 21 Years, for Twenty-one Years, such Person or Persons shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed the Owner or Owners of such House or Building for the Purpose of such Alterations being made as aforesaid; any Thing herein contained, or any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding,

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That no Head Builder, Master Car-Buddip's? penter, Mason, or Workman, shall, in rebuilding or new fronting any old Building, situate in or near any Street, Square, Lane, Way, Passage, or public Place within the said Town, bring the Foundation thereof forward beyond the old Foundation, or the antient Story Polls supporting the Fronts thereof, so as to obstruct: or narrow such Street, Square, Lane, Way, Passage, or public Place, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and the Owner of such Buildings shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Month such Obstruction or Encroachment shall remain, by the Foundation of such Building being brought forward as aforesaid, unless allowed by the Commissioners; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to order the same to be taken down,

- *7 altered,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 45. 771

altered, or regulated, in such Manner as they shall think proper, at the Charges and Expences of the Owners thereof, to be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by this Act are hereby directed to be recovered on non-payment.

L. And be it further enacted, That all Notices hereby directed to be n

given to the Owners or Occupiers respecting any Matter or Thing to be Landlord., done under or by virtue of this Act, shall express the Alterations or Matters required to be done by the Commissioners, and when such Matters and Things are to be so done at the Expence of the Owner or Owners, and when such Notice or Notices shall be given to the Occupier or Occupiers the same shall also require such Occupier or Occupiers to give immediate Noiice thereof to the Owner or Owners, and if such Occupier or Occupiers shall neglect or refuse, on receiving such Notice or Notices, to give proper Intimation thereof within Ten Days to his, her, or their then Landlord or Landlords, or to his, her, or their known Agent or Agents, then such Occupier or Occupiers shall be subject to, and shall pay all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred by such Owner or Owners by reason or means of the Non-observance or Non-performance of the Matters and Things required to be done by such Notice or Notices.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Commission-for the said Commissioner. to treat, contrail:, and agree with the Owners Lands' and Proprietors for the Purchase of any Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or etc. ‘ S’ Hereditaments, which they the said Commissioners shall judge necefikry and proper to be purchased for the Purposes of this Act.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and corporations for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate et<\ empow- ’ or Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, general or special, or for Years ered ,0 treit-determinable on any Life or Lives, and ail Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots and Lunatics, and Husbands, and all other Trustees whomsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, or other Cestuique Trusts, Idiots, Lunatics, or other Persons under any Disability of acting for themselves, and for all and every Person or Persons who are or shall be seised, posseired, or interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to treat and agree with the said Commissioners for the absoluteSale thereof, or of any Part thereof, or for their Interci! therein, and to convey the same to the said Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid; and that all Contradls, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Usage, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and that all such Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail, general or special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees, Husbands, and Trustees, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and other Persons are and shall be indemnified for what they do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner, Proprietor, Occupier of, or other Person or Persons interested in any Buildings, Lands, Tenements,

Tn case of Per. fom refining to treat, or not agreeing.

77 2 48e GEORGII III. Cap. 4.5.

riements, or Hereditaments, which the said Commissioners shall ji’dge re* cefTary or proper to be purchased, taken, or ul'ed, for the Purposes of th s Act, or any fitch B «dy Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or f.le, Tenants for Life, or in Fee-tail, general or special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Feoffees, Executors, Administrators Guardians, Ilufb.inds, Committees, or other Trustees, upon No-t ce to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing, at the Dwelling House or Place of Abode of such Pe'son cr Persons, or of the Clerk, or Head Officer of any such Both Politic, Corporate, cr Collegiate, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Premises, signed by the Clerk to the Lid Cutnmissioners, shall for the Space of Fourteen Days after such Notice given, or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premil’es, or by reason of Absence, or otherwise, shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Comnvflioners, to cause it to be enquired into and afeer-tuned, by and upon the Uadis of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men, of the said County of Ccrk (wuch O-.ths the said Commissioner, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered to administer,) what Damage will be sustained by, ?nd what Rtcompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owner, Proprietor, Occupier, or other Person or Persons intended for or upon Account of the taking or using of such Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the Purposes of this Act , and in order thereto, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, tofumruon and call before them, all end every Person who shall be thought necessary and proper, to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, tuuching or concerning the Pre-mises-, and shall eximine such, Witness or Witnesses before the said Jury upon Oath, (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer,) and they shall order and cause the said Jury, to view the Place in question, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury'3 Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have so ascertained and settled such Damages and Recompence, they the said Commissioners shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine, the Sum or Sums of Money so afieffed by the said Jury to be paid to the Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers, of the said Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Persons interested therein, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury, which said Verdict, or Inquisition and Judgment, Order or Determination, fohad and made,shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, against all Parties and Persons claiming in P'lffession, Keversion, Remainder, or otherwise; and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and other Persons anywise ioterelled in such Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall thereby be from thenceforth to all Intents and Purposes diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Remainder, Reversion, Interest, or Property of, into, or out of the fame; and upon Payment of the Money lo afieffed to the respective Persons entitled thereto, or their Agents, or upon paying the fame into the Bank of Ireland, in Manner by this Act directed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to cause the Premises in respect whereof such Money shall be afieffed to be disposed of, and such Arts to be done thereto as if the Purchase thereof had been agreed upon and completed, and the said respective Premises were untenanted, and the Purchase

or

773

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

or Consideration M ncy had been received by the Person or Persons en* titled thereto, and for summoning and returning such Jury the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to issue out rheir Warrant or Warrants, signed by any Five or more of them, to the Sheriff of the said County of Cork, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriff to imp3tinel, summon, and return an indifferent'Jury of Twelve Persons being Freeholders of the County of Cork, qualified according to Law to be returned for Trials ct Ifloes in His Majesty's Courts at Dublin to appear before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed; and such Sheriff, or his Deputy, is hereby required thereupon to impannel, summon, and return such Twelve Persons accordingly, and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff or his Deputy shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured, or summoned to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve: Provided always,

that every such Jury and Juryman shall be subject and liable to the ' ' e fame Regulations and the fame Pains and Penalties for Default, as if they and he had been returned for the Trial of any IfTuc joined in any of His Majesty's Courts at Dublin, and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array: And the said Trustees are hereby empowered to im- Sheriffs, Su pole any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff or his Deputy, who shall make Default in the Premises, and also on any of the Persons who of Duty-shall be summoned and returned to serve on such Jury, and shall not-appeai, or T<er having appeared shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or having been sworn shall refuse to give, or shall not give his or their Verdict on the Matter in question, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his or their Duty therein; and on any of the Persons who being summoned or required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall neglect or refuse to appear, or refuse to be sworn, r be examined, or give Evidence touching the funey but no such Fine shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pound* upon any One Person for One C (Fence.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any such Jury shall give By whom tba in, or deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money than shall by or Ex»encM on Behalf of the said Comm fftoners have been offered before the sum- b»Vait moning and returning such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, then and in every such Case, the Costs and Charges of summoning and returning the Jury and Witnesses, shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners, out of the Money arising by virtue cf this Act; but if any such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more, or less Money, than shall by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners have been offered, before the summoning and returning such Jury, as a Recempence or Satisfaction for any such Righr, Interest, or Property, or Damage as aforesaid, then and in every such Case.the Cells and Charges of summoning and returning the said Jury and Witnesses, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom tfelaid Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute-, which said Costs and Expenses shall be ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace not interested in the Matter in qurflion, and within whose Jurisdictitin such Controversy or D fpute shall arise, ("who is hereby autho-[ Lot. £s? Per.] 9 K r;zed

774

Trustees to pay Expences, where Person*, from Absence, are prevented from ti eating,

Houses, etc. not to be injured.

Stone not to be taken from Quarries in any Orchard.

Application of Compensation where equal to ioo!»

48° GEORG 11 ILL Cap. 45.

rized anc! required, to examine into and settle the fame), ard shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as (o much Money advanced to and for the Ul’e of such Person or Persons; and the Payment and Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to be aPayment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by this Act: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by rwifon of Absence, have been prevented from treating with the said Commissioners, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Commissioners, in Manner aforesaid.

LV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to enable the said Trustees to take, life, injure, or damage any Dwelling House, or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Commissioners to take any Stone or other Materials from any Quarry or Quarries situate within any Orchard, Yard, Park, Demesne inclosed with a Wall, or any planted Walk or Avenue to a House, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietors thereof.

LVII. And be it further enacted.That if any Money shall be paidoragreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heteditamenes purchased, taken, or uled, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Idiot, Lunatic, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, a;e limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery in Inland, to be placed to his Account there f.v parte the Commissioners for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons whowould have been entitled to the Renrs and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debt', or such other Incumbrance, or Parc thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith, to che lame or the like 5. Uses,

775

48' GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Uses, Interns, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, tnen the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaH, flood settled or lim'ted, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and, in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant-General, in his Name, in Government Securities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Government Securities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of such Government Securities shall from Time to Time be paid by Older of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so directed to be purchased by virtue of this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

or awarded to be paid for any Land?, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging th»n*ooi._ to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability t*cetdin£ or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less th,n the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased. taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in caie of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be figmfied in Writing undtr their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name, and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High i

Court of Chancery in Ireland, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereir-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners for executing tins Act,

(such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Patties), in order that such principal Money and the Dividends arising thi reon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain the Dtrectiun or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

LIX. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money so Application agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less of c’:’n?t>enfa* than Twenty Pound?, then and in all such Cases the same shall be th°n'ioK* applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchase.!, taken, or used, for the Purposes

776

In c*{e of not m iking out Title*,

or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to he paid into the Bank.

Su' to the OiJerof the Court t f. hart-eery on Motion or Petition.

Where any Qudt.on (dhII ar le touching the Title to Money to be paid, the fun who P all be in PoHeff.on of the lands, &r. nt the T me cf such Ptir-chafr, Hi 1; be deemed en. titled thereto, according to such P« flession only, &c.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

poses of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think nt; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Commitcees, to and for the Life and Benefit cf such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refule to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, canntit be found, or if any Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known ordifeovered, then and in evtry such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Eank of Ireland, in the Name, and with the Piivity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties inierested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (dcloibing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons m-king Claim to such Sum or Sums of Mohey, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall Item meet, to order the f.me to be laid out and H efted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Eft.ites, Title, or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Ireland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whofv Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bankas aforesaid.

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Ireland, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any L.nds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, ot Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Government Securities to be purchased with any such Money, or the D.vidends or Interest of any such Government Securities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Puffs (lion of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Pofliflion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have bren lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Poss.fiion, until the contrary shall be ftiewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court oi Chancbry, and the Dividends and Interest of the

Ill

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

the Government Securities to be purchased with such Money, and also the CapitaloffuchGovcrnmentSecurities shall be paid, applied, and disposed accordingly, unless it Hull be made appear to the said Court that such Pofllflion was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Eflateor Interest therein.

LXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That when by reason of any Chancer}-may D.lability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to "r^ec">?alon any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the of Parcha'eV Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money ior the same shall be required tobepii-l by to be paid into the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and to be applied in the e !U Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable to be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Coure shall direct.

LXIII.And belt further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all Bodies incapacitated Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and teTcom-allFeoffees in Trust, Exei uiors, or Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, miHioners. Committees for Lunatics and Idiots, and other Trustees whomsoever, not only for or on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs, and Succellhrs, but also for or cn Behalf of their CcftuiqueTiufts, whetherlnfants orlffue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, or Femes Covet t, and to and for all Femes Covert, who are or shall befeized in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person or Pcr-fons whomsoever, who are or shall be seized or possessed of, or intcrefled in such Eloufes, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof,tobe purchased for the Purposes aforesaid, or foranyotherof the Purposes of this Act, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Commissioners for the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof, and to sell and convey ajl cr any Part thereof, and all their, his, or her Estate, Right, Title and Inreieft whatsoever, of, in, and to the fame, to the said Commissioners, or to such Persons 2nd their Heirs for ever, as the said Commissioners shall diieft in Trull for them the Lid Commifticners, for any of the Purposes of this Act, and that all Contrafts, Agreements, Bargains, S.»les, and Conveyances, which shall be so made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall without any Fine or Fipes, Recovery cr Recoveries, or other Conveyances and Assurances, in the Law whatsoever, be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Etia.te 2nd Intertfl: of the Person and Persons conveying, but also to convey ail Right,

Estate, Ihterest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of their said several and respective Ctfiuique Truth, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any otheh Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwith-liaoding and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and Feoffees in Tiuft, Executors, Administrators,

Hufhands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all other Persons are \Lac.U Per.'] 9 L and

778

48’ GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

and shall be hereby indemnified for what they shall do, by virtue And in pursuance of this Act.

Appointment

LXIV. And belt further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall yearly

of Applotten. ancJ every Year, dirtff and appoint the Sum to be raised and levied within the Year, on the Inhabiiants of the t'aid Town of Fermoy, for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of locating, procuring, and passing this Act, as herein-after provided, and also of paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering, and improving the said Town, and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required yearly, to nominate and appoint Five of the Inhabitants of the said Town, not being Commissioners acting in the Execution of this Aff, to be Applotters, and such Applotters, when so nominated and appointed, or any Three or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby required to value and estimate the Yearly Value of the several Houses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellais, Vaults, Stables Coach-houses, Brewhouses, Mills, Granaries, Malthouses, which are already made or built, or which shall hereafter be made or built, within the said Town, and also of the several Gardens, Yards, or Lands thereto respectively belonging or adjoining, and also of all Gardens, Orchards, Paddocks, Closes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, adjoining to or upon any of the Streets, Squares, Lanes, Ways, Passages, or Public Places, which are already made or built, or which shall hereafter be made or built within the said Town, and which shall be paved, lighted, watched, watered, and cleansed, by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and to applot the Money to be raised, and paid for the several Purposes aforesaid, by a proportionable Poundage according to the Real and actual Value at which such Houses, Warehouses, Shops, and other Premises, or such Gardens, Orchards, Tenements, and other Hereditaments as aforesaid, shall be valued, specifying in such Applotment the Names of the different Persons inhabiting or possessing the fame subject and liable to pay the fame, and each of the said Applotters shall previous to his acting as an Applotter, take and subscribe an Oath, (or solemn Affirmaiion it of the People called Quakers') before the said Comm flioneis or any Five or more of them, in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

Oath tob« ‘ r A.B. do swear, [or do solemnly declare and affirm,] ihat I will, ac-

Appl"tttr'aCl1 * cording to the belt of my Skill, Abilities, ana Knowledge, faithfully

and impartially without Favour or Affection, Malice, or Ill-will, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, applot the Su ns to be apolotted by vir-

tue of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign ot King George

the Third, intituled, An Act, [here Jet forth the Title of this

And if any Applotter so nominated and appointed in pursuance of this Act shall neglect, omit, or refuse to take the Oath, or make Affirmation as aforesaid, or shall happen to die before the said Applotters, or any Three or more of them, shall have made the aforesaid Applotments, such Neglect, Refusal, O.nilfion, or Death, shall not invalidate the Applotments made or to be made by the others of the said Applotters, or any Three or more of them, but the same shall be good, valid, and effectual, and the said Appiotments in Ten Days afer the lame shall be so made, shall be returned to the said Commissioners, or the proper Officers appointed by them to receive the lime, in Writing, signed by

779

4&6 GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

(he Applotters thereof, or any Three or more of them; and in case any Person who shall be appointed an Applotter, in pursuance of this Act, shall neglect, omit, or refuse to take upon him the Paid Office or Under* taking, and shall neglect, omir, or refule to act in the Execution thereof, or of"*any Part thereof, or shall neglect, omit, or refuse to return the Applotments to be made by him or them as aforesaid, in such Manner and within such Time as is herein-before directed, or shall neglect or omit for the Space of Ten Days after being served with a Summons, in Writing, signed by any Five or more of the said Commissioners, to appear before the said Commissioners, or any Five or mote of them, and to take the Oath or make Affirmation as hereby required, or shall neglect or refule for Fourteen Days after the Majority of the Applotters appointed in pursuance of this Act, shall have taken the said Oath or made Affirmation, to make the aforesaid Applotments in pursuance of this Act, without shewing some reasonable Cause or Caules to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners for such Neglect or Refusal as aforesaid, then and in every such Case each and every one of the said Applotters so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding 1’en Pounds, and such Penalty or Forfeiture shall and may be recovered by such Ways and Means as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may be levied and recovered by virtue of this Act; and the fame, when so levied and recovered, shall be applied to the Purposts of this Act.

LXV/Provided always, That if any Person or Persons so nominated and appointed an Applotter or Applotters shall die, refule, or neglect to act, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, in case they should think it right and proper, to nominate and appoint any other Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said Town in his or their Room or Stead.

LXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Person so nominated an Applotter, and who shall have served such Office, or shall have paid such Penalty as aforesaid for not serving the fame, shall be again compelled to lerve the said Office in Ids than Three Years alter the End of such Service or Payment of such Penalty.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, after the annual Value of the several Houses, Outhouses, and other Premises and Gardens, Orchards and other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid, situate and being within the said Town, shall have been afe rtained in Manner aforesaid, to rate, adds, and charge, all such Houses, Outhouses, and other Premises and Gardens, Orchards and other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as aforesaid, situate and being within the said Town, with an Account, Rate, or Affelfment, not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence in the Pound, according to me annu..l Value thereof.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, to c.ule a public Notice to be affixed on the Sessions Hause and Church Doors in the said Town, signed by the Clerk of the said Commissioners, Seven Days at the lead before any Rate or

Affiff.nent

Power of appointing new Appiotters in c 'fe of Death, etc.

Perfms having farted not to be compelled to ferva >~ain.

Rates to bs levied.

Rates may be mended.

78o 48° GEORGII III. Cap^t.

Assessment shall be confirmed by the said Commissioners, and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required ro hear any Person or Persons on his, her, or their Behalf, who shall object to any such Rate or Afil-ffment; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they have hereby full Power and Authority, to amend any such Rate or AffdTment, in case it shall appear that any Person or Persons Iha'd have been rated or afiefled too much or too little, and also to insert or strike out the Name or Names of any Person or Persons who ought or ought not to have been rated or zfiefied; and all such Rates or Assessments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be provided for that JPurpose, in which Book or Books there shall be separate Columns, one Column for the Arrears (landing out the preceding Year, one other Column for the Names of the federal Persons to be charged in the said Rates or Assessments, one other Column to contain the whole Sum charged and afftBfd upon inch Persons respectively, and one Column for the Arrears (lauding out and unpaid at the End of the Year, in order to be carried on to the next succeeding Year.

When Rites are to commence, and when to be paid*

LXIX.’And be it further enacted, That tie First of the Rates and Afitir* ments hereby authorized to be made shall commence on the Fifth (>ay July One thousand eight hundred and eighr, and shall be made for One-half Year only, and thereafter the said Rates and Afifflrnents shall be made for Twelve Calendar Months commencing on the Fifth Day of July in each and every Year, and the Money so rated and assessed shall trom Time to Time be paid by Two equal half-yearly Payments, that is to say, on the Fifth Day of "January and the Fifth Day of July, or as soon after as the said Commissioners shall dirrd and appoint, to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall nominate or appoint to be Collector or Collectors of the same.

Limitation as]

LXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That'nothing herein contained

to Value of shall extend or be construed to extend to enable the said Commissioners to Property to

property t< be afiefled.

rate or afiels any Person or Persons, by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any Houses, Outhouses, or other Premises cr Gardens, Orchards or other Lands, Tenemer,ts, or Hereditaments whatsoever, the annu.il Value whereof shall be less than the Sum of Four Pounds.

Land net built on not to be rated.

Rater to be collected.

LXXI. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable the said Commissioners to rate or afitfs any Person or Persons for or in respect of any Field, Park, Meadow-, or Holding, used for Grazing or iillage, except as herein-after excepted.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That if shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, to cause such Rates or Assessments to be collected and received on such respective half-yearly Days, or as soon after as conveniently may be, of the Person or Persons respectively on whom the same shall be respectively vtfted, charged, or afiefled, and issue their Order to the Collector or Colledots appo med by them for that Purpose for the Time being, requiring them, jointly or severally, to collect and receive the same; and such Collector or Collectors is and are hereby ordered and required to collect and receive the respective Sums of

7 Money

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 45. 781

Money expressed and contained in such Rates or Assessments accordingly, within Two Calendar Months from the Date thereof, Duplicates of which AtTcflairnis. under the Hands of the said Commissioners, shall be delivered, together with the said Order, to each of the said Collectors; and such Collector or Collectors to whom any Order or Orders from the said Commissiorters shall from Time to Time be directed, shall obey and execute the fame in all Respects whatsoever; and the said several Collectors shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to pay the Money so collided and received by virtue of this Act, when and so often as he or they shall h ive collected the Sum of Ten Pounds, to the Clerk or Treasurer acting under the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, to be applied to the Uses and for the Purposes of this Act; and such Collector or Collectors shall, and he and they is and are hereby required, at the Time of making every such P..ymenc, to deliver to the Person or Persons empowered to receive the same, a true and exact Copy of the Rate or AfTclfment whereby the fame was collected, together with an Account thereof, and also of all and every Sum and Sums of Money rated or afTcffed in such Rates or Assessments as shall remain uncolleded, together with the R'-afons why the same shall not have been collected, in order that it may appear whether the Nonpayment hath happened through the Insolvency of the Parties rated, or through the Default of the Collector or Collectors.

LXXIII. And be it',further enade'd. That iftheTenant or Occupier of any Tenants to MeffuaLte, House, Shop, Cellar, Vault, Stable, Coach-house, Brewhouse, Pay tl,e Mill, Granary, Malthouse, Building, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, upon or in respect of which any Rate or Assessment shall be charged or imposed by virtue of this Act, shall at any Time neglect or refufr to pay the Rates or Sums of Money which shall be so rated or afTcffed as aforesaid, for the Space of Ten Days after the same shall be due, and Demand made thereof, by Notice in Writing, under the Hand or Hands of the Collector or Collectors of the said Rates, to be delivered to such Tenant or Occupier, or less at his or her Dwelling House, or last or usual Place of Aboue, or at ihc Tenement occupied, then, upon Proof thereof upon Oath, (or Affirmation, being a QuakeF)^ before any Justice of the Peace for ffie said County of Cork, the same shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Tenant or Occupier, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any such Justice, rendering the Overplus, (if any)', after cieducting the Sum or SumS due in respect of such Rates or-AfTcffments, and all Costs and Charges attending the Recovery thereof, to the Owners of such Goods and Chattels upon Demand. . r,

fiTuusil If "n »l!>

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, Thatin allCafes where any Pei Ton shall HwRat«to remove from or quit any Messuage, House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar/ ’11 jr Vault, Stable, Coach-house, Brewhouse, Granary, Malthouse, Budding,1 in 'oVeiiier-Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, which (hah be tared or assefLd' ing-by virtue of this Act, such Person shall be liable to pay such Rates’ of Assessments, in Proportion to the Time that he or lhye otcuj fid the lame, in hke Manner as if such Person or Persons had not removed or quitted the fimei and in all Cafes where any Person or Persons (had < m. e ipt > or occupy any such Messuage, House, W arthma c, Shot, CcHa , Vau»t, Stab'el \Loc. y Per.^ g M Coach*

7&2 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 45;

Coach-house, Brew-house, Granary, Maltboule, Building, Garden, Bandy Torment, w'r Hereditament, as at'oresaid, out of or from which any other Person who shall have been rated or asse/Fcd for the same shall be removed, or which, at the Tirrie of making any such Rate or Assessment, was or were empty or unoccupied, the lame shall, for and in respect of hi>, her, or their Occupation thereof, be liable to any such Rate or Assessment, in Proportion to the Time he, she, or they, dial) occupy the fame, in the same Manner as if he, she, or they, had been origin illy rated or assessed for such Messuage, House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, Stable, Coach-house, Brewhouse, Granary, Malthouse, Building, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament.

Xf more than

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That when any Messuage, House, Ware*

One Tenant house. Shop, Cellar, Vault, Stable, Coach-house, Brewhouse, Granary, Malt-any^onifl?able house. Building, Garden, Land, Tenement or Hereditament, which shall to pay the be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, shall be let or demised to more

*at"' than One Tenant or Occupier, any One or more of such Tenants or

Occupiers shall be deemed the Occupier or Occupiers thereof, for the Purposes of this Act; but nofuth Tenant or Occupier shall be subject or liable to pay any greater Sum for or on account of any Rate or Assessment or Arrears thereof, than the Amount of the Rent due and payable by such Tenant or Occupier to the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of the Premises occupied by him, her, or them jand where any House or Houses shall be let ready-turni.hed nr in Lodgings, the Person or Persons immediately so letting the fame, shall be demeed the Occupier or Occupiers, for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Rates or Assessments shall be levied by Distress and Sale in Manner last herein-before mentioned, of all or any of the Goods and Chattels in such Messuage, House, Warehouse, Shop, Cellar, Vault, Stable, Coach-house, Brewhouse, Granary, Malthouse, Building, Garden, Land, Tenement, or Hereditament, or of ail or any of the Goods or Chanels, hereby made liable to pay such Rates or Assessments.

Empty Hous:s

LXXVI. Provided alftgandbeitfurther enacted, That no Messuage, House, exempted. Warehouse, Building, Garden, Tenement, or Hereditament, hereby made liable to be lated or assessed, shall be charged or chargeable with any Rate or Assessment as afmesaid, during the Time the same shall be empty or unoccupied, in case the same shall be empty and unoccupied for the Space of One Year preceding the making of such Rate or Assessment

Commission-

LXXVII. And forthemoredTeftually enabling the Commissioners roexecute «rsempower- the Purposes of this Act in the most expeditious Manner, be it further Moln«y°oii°tl!ie enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they Credit of the are hereby empowered from Time to Time when they shall judge it nc-Ratet. ceflary, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money

notexceedirg the Sum offive thousand Pounds in the Whole upon ihe Credit of the Rates or Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, for thr Purposes aforesaid, and by any Writing or Writings upon Vellum or Parchment, signed by the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them to assign the said Rates or Assessment*, or a competent Part thereof, to such Person or Persons as shall advance and lend such Monty thereupon as a Security or Secmities for the fevrral Sums so botrowed, with lawful ln-

7 tertft

4S' GEORG 11 lit. Cap. 45. 783

fereft for the lame, which Interest shall be payable and paid Half Yearly by the Treasurer for the Time being to the Commissioners out of the Monies to arise or to be levied by or from the said Rates or Assessments, and all and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be advanced, and the Interest thereof, shall be and are hereby charged upon and shall be paid and payable from Time to Time, free from all Charges, Taxes, and Deductions out of the Money arising from the said Rates or Assessments hereby authorized or directed to be made and levied as aforesaid, anJ of all Charges,

Taxes, and Deductions whatsoever, of the fame Principal Money, or the Interest thereof; and all Persons who shall be possessed of the said Securities shall be Creditors on the said Rates or Assessments in equal Degree, with-out Preference in respect to the Time of his, her, or their advancing Money thereon, or otherwise howsoever; and every such Grant, Affigrnnrnt, or Security shall be in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is 4

to say).

DY virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Fotty-eighth Year of Form of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled; [herefetforth the Secui"?‘

Title of this We

‘ Five of the Commissioners

‘ appointed by virtue of the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum. of

advanced and paid by

to .-

the Treasurer appointed in puTuance of the said Act; upon the ‘ Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act, do grant and assign unto.

the said

« his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Rates or Assessments arising by virtue of the said Act, as the said

Sunt of doth w shall bear so.

‘ the whole Sum which is or shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act, to be had and holden from this until'the-

said Sum of with Interest at

per Centum per Annum for the fame, to be paid Half Yearly, shall be

repaid and fansfied. In Witness whereof. We have hereunto fer our

Hands and Seals, this Day cf

And every such Grant or Mortgage shall be good, valid, and effeflt^tl in the Law.

LXXVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be itfurthe-renacted, ThaJhefoYeanjE No;ict to be futh M-mry shall be so borrowed at Interest as herein-before mentioned, i;iven hetore Fouiteen Days Notice, (ignlfying the Intention of borrowing (iuii’MI- tl0r', ney at Interest as aforesaid, shall be given and piitjished in the Manner herein-before mentioned; and that the Sums to be borrowed'ah f a \-if on the Credit of iudi Rates or Aflrfiments at any Time wi hi’i ibt tirlt T tree Yeats from and after the passing of this Act, (La’l rot Vx.ce d i The Whole the Sum of Two thousand five hundred Pounds; noi Ihdd'r'^ to’a I Sum to be borrowed andraif don the Credit of tl«c laid Rat' «»>r fif- (Hi? T»rt, at any Time exceed in the Whole the Sum of Five tin utano P..u os*. *5

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, Yhatit (hjl be Iw^fidfor arj> P 'em pr Persons entitled to any of he Secunties aforesaid, *tni'higher, < d if Executors, Adrmmstrators, or Assigns, At ally Time or 1'imcs by *W.'t-

ing

, 7h 48° GEORGII /III. Cap. 45.

ing under his, her, or then Hand or Hands respectively, to assign or transfer such Securities by lndorlemeiu io any Person or Persons to whom such Assignment or Transfer shall be made or the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to such Securities may in like Manner allign or transfer the lame; and every such Assignment or Transfer, after thefatne shall respectively be entered by the Clerk for the Time being to the Commissioners in the Manner herein-after directed, and which he is htrebv required to d , for such Fee or Reward as is herein-afrer mentioned, shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom they shall be ref^ edtivrly made, or who shall be for the Time being entitled thereto, and his, her, or iheir Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security or Securities so assigned or transferred; and the Form of lu:h Alignment or Transfer shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

Form «f Alignment or Transfer.

‘ T [or We] being entitled to the Sum of

‘ with Interest after the Rate of

‘ payable to me [or us] my [or our] Executors, Administrators, or

Assigns, by virtue of a Mortgage (or Assignment) beating Date the

Day of under the

Hands and Seals of Five of the Commissioners acting in the Exe-

cution of a certain Act of Parliament made in ti e Forty eighth

Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [herefet 1 forth the Title of this Act,~\ uj on the Credit or arising out of the Rates e or Assessments. granted by the said Act, do hereby transfer ail my [or our

‘ Right and Title in and to the fame, and the Money now due and to grow ‘ due thereon unto his Executors, Ad-

' ministrators, and Assigns, subject to such Right of Redemption of the ‘ said Sum and Interest as by the said Act the lame is liable or made subject ‘ to Dated this Day of in the Year of our

‘ Lord One thousand eight hundred and

Mortgajfj

may be redeemed by EomrailEon-

ers.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enactrd, Thatevery Grant, Assignment, or Mortgage, which shall be made by virtue of this Act, for any Sums of Money which shall be borrowed by the said Commissioners on the Credit of the said Rates or Afftlfments as herein-before mentioned, shall be made and subject and liable to, and may be redeemed by the Commissioners, at such Times and in such Manner as the Commissioners shall think fit, Six Calendar Months previous Notice having been given to the Person or Persons entitled to such Sum lent on the Credit of such Rates or Assessments by the Commissioners, of their Intention of redeeming the fame, and full Payment of the principal Sum lo borrowed being made to such Person or Persons as he, she, or they may think fit, giving the like Notice to the Commissioners or their Clerk.

How interest

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Interest for the said of Mortgager Mortgages, or any. Part thereof, shall be behind and unpaid by the Space moved?"* of Thirty-one Days after the same shall have become d' e and payable as aforesaid, and shall have been demanded of the Treasurer lor the Time being, or if there be noTrtafurer, of any Three or more of the Cotr-mifliooers, then it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners, and they are hereby required on Application to ijjtm made by ar\y Creditor or Creditors whose Intcieft shall be so in Anear, by au Older under their

I lands

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 45. 7^5

Hands and Seals, to appoinc One or more Person or Persons to receive the Whole or any Part or Parts of the said Rates or Assessments, and that the Money fa to be received by such Person or Persons shall be so received to and for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons to whom such Interest in Arrear shall be due, and shall be paid to him or them accordingly; and when the Interest so in Arrear, as well as the Interest which shall incur and grow due whilst the Person or Persons lo to be appointed as aforesaid shall be in the Receipt of such Rates or Affiffments, together with the Costs and Charges of recovering, receiving, and paying over the fime in Manner aforesaid, shall be fully paid and iatisned; the power and Authority of such Receivtr or Receivers for the Purposes aforesaid shall ceafr and be it an End, or otherwise if such Creditor shall think proper, such Interest so due and in Anear as aforesaid, shall and may be feed for, and recovered by him, her, or them, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts ol Reeord in Dublin.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk/or the Time being to cie.k ro the Commissioners shall enter in a Book, to be provided and kept for that enter all Purpose, Copies of all Securities fer Money borrowed on Mortgage, by Maneybci^ and in pursuance of this Act, and Extracts cr Memorials of all Assign- rowc4. niencs or Transfers thereof, the Names, Surnames, Additions, Places of Abode, and other Deferptions, of all such Persons as shall from Time to Time be entitled to such Securities by Mortgage, being expressed in Words at Length, and also an Account of all such Stocks or Securities which shall be purchased by, or by the Order, of the Commissiorers, and in whose Names the same shall have teen so purchased, and of every Transfer,

Ale* ration, Sale, or other Dispofuion thereof; to which Book and Books the Person or Persons interested shall at all lea (finable Times have accels to inspect the fame, without Fee or Reward; and (or the Entry of every such Transfer of the Grar.t or Assignment of the said Raws or Afil-ffimenes, the said Clerk shall be paid by the Person to whom such Transfer shall be made the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no mere; and after every such Entry made of any such Transfer, every Inch Transfer so entered shall entitle the Person to whom the same shall be made, and his, her, or their Executors, Administraters, or Assigns, ro the Benefit of the Security therthy transferred.

LXXXIII. Andbeitfurther enacted.ThartheMomes tobe received by vir- Application cf tue of this Act shall from Time to Time be applied and disposed of for the Monies, several Purposes of this Act; and to or for no other Purpose whatsoever; and the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Commissioners shall, and he is hereby authorized and required, to pay and apply all such Monies as he or they shall respectively receive by virtue hereof, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, and at such Time and Times as the Commissioners shall from Time to Time, by nnv Order or Orders under their Hands, direct and appoinr, and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make such Order or Ordefs accordingly.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said CormifiVn Commissioners, and they are hereby directed, to rause any Works, Matters, ' e^i'cs or Things, to be done in pursuance of any Contrafts to be entered in-o of contran. [Lee. £s? Per.] 9 N as

786

Penalties. Jee-how to be recovered and applied.

Proceeding to be within Six Months.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

ns herein-before is mentioned, to be constructed by their Surveyor or Surveyors, or by such other Persons as they shall from Time to Time appoint; and in case the same shall not be well and sufficiently performed, according to the true Intent and meaning of such Contrail or Contrafts, or shill not be finidied or completed at or within the Time or Times to be by such Contrail or Contrails limited for completing the fame, the said Commissioners shall and may bring an Ailion or Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin, against any Person or Persons so contracting, and neglecting to perform and complete such Contract or Contracts accordingly, for any Penalty or Damage which shall be contained or expressed in such Contract or Contracts, or suffered or fudained on account of the Non-performance thereof; and upon proving the Signing of such Contract or Contracts, and that such Works, Matters, or Things, have not been so performed, finished, or completed as aforesaid, the Plaintiff shall be entitled to and shall recover such Penalty or Damage, with full Coils of Suir.

LXXXV. And be it funherenailed, That allFines, Penal ties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed or inflicted, or authorized to be imposed or inflicted (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any one Juliice of the Peace for the said County of Cork, either by Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of one credible Witness (which Oath any such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer without any other fee cr Reward than One Shilling) be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice of the Peace, (which Warrant or Warrants any such Justice is hereby empowered to grant), and the Overplus after such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distrcls and of keeping and felling the fame, are recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and the Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, when so levied and recovered, shall from Time to Time be paid to the said Commissioners or to their Treasurer or Treasur-rers, and shall be applied, (it not otherwise particularly directed by this Act,) for and towards the Purposes of this Act, and in case lufBcient Distress cannot be found, and such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction or Common Gaol for the said County of Cork, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for such Time as such justice shall direct not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the same shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures inflicted by virtue of this Act for any Offence or Offences against this Act, unless some Proceeding or Notice of fame Proceeding (had be had or given according to the Direction of this Act respecting such Offence or

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 45. 787

or Offences within Six Calendar Months next after such Offence committed.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Adjons, Prosecutions, inhabitants Informations, and causes of Proceedings whatsoever, relating to or con- Wlt*

cerning the Execution of this Act, made in pursuance thereof, no Inhabitants of the said Town of Fermoy shall be deemed incompetent to give Evidence by reason of his or her being rated or assessed to or paying any of the Rates or Assessments to be imposed by virtue of this Act.

LXXXVIII. And be it further er,acted, Thar if any Person shall be furnmon- For compelled as a Witness or WitnessVs to give Evidence before the Commissioners of

orany Justice or Justices of the Peace in and for the faiu County of Cork, witnedis. touching any Matter of Fad contained in any Information or Complaint for any Offence again!! this Act, or against: any Rule or Order made i» pursuance thereof, whether on the Part of the ProsecutO'S, or of the Person or Persons complained of, and which Summoiifes the Commissioners and such Justices as aforesaid are hereby authorized to issue where and in such Cases only as such Commissioners or such Justice or Justices of the said County (as the Cale shall be) are made competent by this Act to hear and determine the fame; or if any Person ,or persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Cork, or any Adjournment thereof, upon any Appeal by virtue of this Act as herein-atser is mentioned, whether oil the Part of the Appellant or of the Refpoodents; and any such Person or Persons, so summoned as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed without a reasonable Excuse for such his, her, or their Refusal or Ntgled, to be approved of by such Commissioners, Justice or Justices, or other Person or Persons hereby authorized to receive such Evidence, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath (or solemn Affirmation being a Quaker), and to give Evidence before such Commifikmers or Justice or Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, or at any such Session or Adjournment thereof, then and in either of the said Cales every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LXXXIX. And for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against: this Form of Con-Ad, be it further enacted, That every Justice of ihc Peace before whom Ticti8»* any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, and over which such Justice or Justices has or have Cognizance, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Winds or to the Elftd following; (that is to say,)

« County olQ 13 E it remembered. That on the Day of in the

to wit. J Year of the Ueign of Kis preleru Majesty King

and in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred

‘ and is or are convicted before me [or ut, as the Caf: way be']

one [or two, as the Caje fhalh be] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace

‘ for the said County of by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Forty-e:ghth Year of the Reign of His Majesty K:ng

George the Third, intituled, [here ilifert the Title of this Aflf] of

‘ [fficcifyhig the Offence, and the Time end Place when

and

Distieft not to be unlawful foi a ant of Form.

Proceeding3 not to b quafned for want oi Form, etc.

Person* aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Session, etc.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

and where the Jamewas commuted, as the Case shall be~\ contrary to the said Act, for which Offence I [or we, as the Case shall be] adjudge the

‘ said to have forfeited the Sum of

‘ [but if mitigated, which I, or we, as the Case shall be, mitigate to the ‘ Sum of j under my Hmd and Seal [or, our Hands and

Seals, as the Case shall be J the Day and Year first above written.’

XC. And be it further emfted, That when any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Dif-the:s itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the f.tme be deemed a Trcfpiffer or Trespassers, on Account of any De-fest or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress or other Proceeding idating hereto, nor shall the Party or Parties, distraming be deemed a Treipaffm or Trespassers, ab initio, rn Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done or committed by the Party or Par ies diliraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and m :y recover full Sadsfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe; but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action, for arty such Irregularity or other Proceeding unless Notice in Writing be given to the Clerk for the Time being to the Cor..missioners, or any Person or Persons acting under him or them, Fourteen Days before such Action shall beb oughtor commenced, of such intended Action for such Irregularity, by ihe Attorney for the Plaintiff specifying the cause of Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Case if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made byor on the Behalf of the Parry or Panies who shall have committed or cause to have been committed any such Irregularity before such Action brought; and in calc no such Tender shall h ive been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, in such Action by leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined to pay into such Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall let fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Orders and Judgments shall be had, made, and given, in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this Act', shall be void, quashed, or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed determined by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Pro-eels whatsoever, into arty of His Majesty's Courts of Record in Dublin or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessment to be levied or assessed, or by any Orchr or Judgment made or given, or by any other Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may, within S x Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arilen, under or from any Act or Acts made or done by the Commissioners or any Justice or Justices acting in and for the County of" Cork, appeal to the Justices oi the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the Division of Middleton in the said County of Cork, such Appellant in such Case first giving or causing to be givtti Fourteen Days Notice at least, in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal,

and

7*9

48° GEORGII IIT.: Cap. 45.

and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners, and to the Person or Persons who is or are intended to be or may be affected by such Appeal, and within Seven Days after such Notice given, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Cork, ss the Cafe of such Appeal shall be, with Two sufficient Sureties, in the Penalty of Fifty Pounds, conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide by such Order as shall be made, and to pay such Colls as shall be awarded by the said Justices of such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Quarter Session', upun due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recogizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and shall award such Restitution, Damages, and Costs to the Appellant or Appellants, Respondent or Respondents, or Person or Pc-rfons appealed against, and with or without the Whole or any Part of the Colls, Charges, and Expences of prosecuting or defending such Appeal as the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of the said Justices at such Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to defeat, abridge, derogate from, prejudice, or interfere with, in any Manner whatsoever, the Rights, Interests. Privileges, Franchises, or Authorities of John Anderson Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Fermoy, or che Lord or Lords of the said Manor, for the Time being,or the Powtrs and Authorities vested in and heretofore exercised by the Courts Leet and Courts Baron within the said Manor, or the Dues or Customs of Right payable to the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, but the fame, and all and every Part thereof, shal] be enjoyed and exercised in as full and beneficial a Manner as at the Time of passing this Act, the fame and all and every Part thereof were enjoyed and exercised.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action, Suit, or Information shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, or of the Orders and Directions herein-tefore given and granted, or in Execution of the Powers and Authorities thereof, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof shall be first given, in Writing, to the Person or Persons against whom such Action is intended to be brought, signed by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, nor at any Time whatsoever, after sufficient Satisfaction cr Tender thereof shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought; and in cale there shall be a Continuation of Damages, then, not after S’x Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall cease, and not otherwise; and all such Actions and Suits shall be laid and tried in the County of Cork, and not in any other County or Place; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Mactir or Thing for which such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so bro'ughr, was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear [Loc, ft? Per.] 9 0 to

For preserv* ing the Rights of the Lord of the Manor of Fei moy.

Limitation

Actions.

79° 4&* GEORGII III. Cap. 45,

to have been so done, or if it shall happen that such Action or Suit wa* brought before fourteen Days’ Notice thereof given as aforesaid, or that sufficient Satisfaction was made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time herein-before for that Purpose limited, or shall be laid or brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find a Verdict or Verdicts for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiff, shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinitance of such Action or Actions, alter the Defendant or Defendants thall have appeared, or if Judgment shall be given Lr the Defendant or Defendants, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Tieble Cuffs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or may have for his, her, or their Colls in any other Cafes by Law.

£xprnces of XCV. And be it further enacted, That out of the first Monies that shall

tn» A«.i. be raisetl by virtue of this Act, the said Commissioners shall pay and discharge all the Cods. Charges, and Expences, incident to and incurred in applying for, procuring, and passing this Act.

Fublic Act. XCVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Pubi c Act, and shall be judiciary taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

L ON D ON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s utoft Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QU ADR AG ESI MO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

I

Cap. 46.

An Act for making a Railway from or near to the Town of Kilmarnock, in the County of Ayr, to a Place called The Troon, in the said County.

j_27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining a Railway for the Passage of Waggons and other Carriages from or near to the Town of Kilmarnock, in the Parish of Kilmarnock and County of Ayr, to a certain Place called ‘the Troon, in the Parish of Dundonald, in the said County, will be of great Advantage to 1'everal considerable Manufactories established in the said County of Ayr, and to the Inhabitants of the adjacent Country, by opening a more cheap and easy Communication for the Conveyance not only of Coal, Lime, and Minerals, but also of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize of various kinds; But the fame cannot be accomplished without the Authority of Parliament; May it therefore plea e Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the most Honourable William Henry Cavendish Bentinck Scott commonly called Marquis of Titchfield, the Right Honourable Archibald Montgomerie commonly called Lord Montgomerie, and ‘John Boyle Esquire, together with such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, as they or their respective Proxies, or the ma|er yLoc. iP Per.] .9 P Fart

794

The Company may raise among themselves a certain Sum.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Part of them present at any General or Special General Assembly to be holden for the Purposes of this Act, shall nominate and appoint, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the Undertaking to be executed determined by this Act, shall be and they are hereby accordingly united into a Company for making, completing, and maintaining the said Railway and other Works hereby authorized to be made, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein-after expressed, and shall for that Purpose be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of " The Company of Proprietors of the Kilmarnock and Troon " Railway," and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall or may sue and be sued, and shall have full Power to purchase Lands, Tenements, and Heritages, to them, their Successors and Assigns, for the Use of the said Undertaking, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain, and also to fell any of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages so purchased, as shall not be necessary for the Purposes of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to ta'fe and contribute among!! themselves, in such Proportions as they shall think proper, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Forty Thousand Pounds (except as herein-after mentioned); which said Sum of Money shall be laid out and applied, in the first place, in discharging the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of the Surveys, Plans and Estimates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto, and then for and towards the making, completing, and maintaining the said Railway, and other requisite Works and Conveniences thereto, and for otherwise carrying the several Purposes of this Act into execution; and the said Sum of Forty Thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of Five Hundred Pounds each; and no Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Person contributing thereto, or becoming a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, shall become a Proprietor of less than One Share; and such Shares shall be and are hereby vested in the several Persons and Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, so subscribing and contributing to the fame, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, and to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportionably to the Sums they shall severally raise and contribute; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all Persons whosoever, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall severally subscribe for One or more Share or Shares, or such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be called for and demanded by virtue of this Act for carrying on and completing the said Undertaking, shall be entitled to and receive the entire and net Distribution of an equal proportionable Part (according to the Money so by them respectively paid) of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may arile and accrue by the Rates and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by the said Company of Proprietors by the Authority of this Act; and every Body Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and Person having such Property in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the fame in Manner herein directed.

111. And

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

III and be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and Proportions of all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all other Person and Persons of and in the said Undertaking, or the joint Stock or Fund of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be deemed Personal Estate, and transmissible as such, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and every Person who shall, by virtue of this Act, have subscribed or undertaken for one Share in the said Undertaking, his, her, or their respective Successors, Executors, and Administrators, shall have a Vote for every such Share in the General and Special General Assemblies, to be holden as herein appointed for carrying on the said Undertaking; which Vote or Votes may be given by them, him, or her, or by their, his, or her Proxies or Proxy, constituted under the Seal of such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or the Hand of the Proprietor conhituting the said Proxy, or in case of Infancy, Lunacy, or other Disability, under the Hand of his or her Tutor, Curator, Guardian, or Trustee, or Tutors, Curators, Guardians, or Trustees; and every such Vote by Proxy shall be as good and sufficient, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Principal had voted in Person, or being an Infant had been of full Age, or being a Lunatic had been fane, and voted in Person; and every Quefliun, Matter, or Thing, which shall be proposed, discussed, or considered, in any General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then prefenr, computing One Vote to every Share, provided that the Members present, or represented, be possessed of not less than Six Shares; and the Appointment of such Proxies may be made according to the Form following; (chat is to say)

I A.B. of one of the Proprietors [or, we,

" A 5 C.D. being Tutor, Curator, or Guardian of E. F. one of the " Proprietors] of the Kilmarnock and Troon Railway, Do hereby nominate, constitute, and appoint G. H. of to be my

" [or, his, or, her] Proxy in my [or, his, or, her] Name, and in my [or, " his, or, her] Absence, to vote or give my [or, his, or, her] Assent or " Dissent to any Business, Matter, or Thing, relating to the said Undertaking, in such Manner as he, the said G. H., shall think proper, " according to his Opinion and Judgment, for the Benefit of the said " Undertaking, or any Thing appertaining thereto. In Witness whereof, I have hereunto fee my Hand [or. Seal] the " Day of

V. And be it further enacted, That ic shall be lawful for any of the said Proprietors, if they shall respectively so think fit, to nominate a Proxy for any One or more of the Shares or Subscriptions holden by such Proprietors respectively, or to nominate several Proxies, but not more than One Proxy for each Share or Subscription; and that the Proxy or Proxies who shall be appointed by any Proprietor or Proprietors shall have and exercise such or the like Powers and Privileges as the Proprietor or Proprietors might have personally had and exercised, unless ottierwife rtftramed by the Terms of his or their Appointment or Appointments; and which Appointment or Appointments, and all Revocations

795

Shares to be

Personal

Eliate.

Subscribers to have a Vote for every Share.

Votes may b« given by Proxy.

Proprietor! of more than One Share may have several Proxies.

796

Power to raise among themselves a further Sum, if necessary.

Power to raise Money upon Security of the Undertaking

Form of Security.

GEORGII TIL Cap. 46.

cations thereof, shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the Clerk of the said Company.

VI. 1 And be it further enacted, That in case the Money herein-before authorised to be raised shall be found inefficient for the making, completing, and maintaining of the said Railway, and other the Works hereby authorised to be made, and all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute among themselves, in Manner and Form aforesaid, and in such Shares and Proportions as to them shall seem meet, or to raise, by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of Fifteen Thousand Pounds, and every Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person, being a Subscriber towards raising such further or other Sum of Money, shall be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote by themselves, himself, or herself, or their, his, or her Proxies or Proxy, in respect of every Five Hundred Pounds of the said additional Sum to be raised, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and (land interested in all the Profits of the said Undertaking, in proportion to the Sum they, he, or (lie shall or may (ubferibe thereunto, as generally and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed for and raised had originally been part of the Sum of Forty '1 houl'and Pounds; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said Company of Proprietors shall be desirous of raising the said Sum of Fifteen Thousand Pounds herein-before authorised' to be raised, or any Part thereof, by Heritable Debtor by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, it shall be lawful for the said Company to borrow and take up at Interest all or any Part of the said Sum of Fifteen Thousand Pounds on the Credit of the said Undertaking, and to assign the Property of the said Undertaking, and the Rates arising or to arise by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof (the Costs and Charges of assigning whereof shall be paid out of such Rates) as a Security for any such Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed as aforesaid, with Interest, to such Person or Persons, or to his, her, or their Trutlee or Trustees who shall advance the fame; all which said Mortgages or Assignments shall be made under the Common Seal of the said Company in the Words, or to the Effect following; (that is to lay),

" Number

" TJY virtue of an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign " D of King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the ‘Title of " this At,7] We the Company of Proprietors of the Kilmarnock anil " Troon Railway, incorporated by and under the said Act, in consideration of the Sum of to us in Hand paid by

" of do assign

" unto the said his or her Executors, Ad-

" ministrators and Assigns, the said Undertaking, and all and singular " the Rates arising by virtue of the said Act, and all the Edate, Right, " Title, and lntcrdl, of, in, and to the fame, to hold unto the said

U

797

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

ti his or her Executors, Administrators, or Aligns,

" until the said Sum of together with

" Interest for the fame, after the Rate of for every One

« Hundred Pounds for a Year, shall be fully paid and satisfied. Given " under our Common Seal, this Day of

" in the Year of our Lord

And all and every Person or Persons to whom such Mortgage or Alignment shall be made, shall be equally entitled one with the other to his, her, or their Proportion or Proportions of the said Rates and Premises, according to the respective Sums in such Alignments mentioned to be advanced, without any Preference by reason of Priority of any such Alignments, or on any other Account whatsoever; and a Memorial of every such Alignment, containing the Date, Name or Names of the Person or Persons to whom made, the Sum of Money borrowed, and the Rate of Interest, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company, which said Book or Books shall and may be perused at all reasonable Times by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the said Undertaking, or any Persons interested therein, without Fee or Reward; and all and every Person or Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Mortgages, Alignment or Alignments, shall be made as afore* laid, or who shall be entitled to the Money due thereon, shall and may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right or Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; which Transfer shall and may be in the Words, or to the Effect following; (that is to say).

it

CC

it

<C

it

it

it

it

It

T [er, we)

A of in consideration of the Sum of

paid by of

do hereby transfer a certain Mortgage, Number made by the Company of Proprietors of the Kilmarnock and Troon Railway, to bearing Date the Day of

for securing the Sum of and

Interest, and all my [or, our] Right and Property therein to the said his [or, her] Executors, Administrators and Aligns. Dated this Day of in the Year of our Lord

And every such Transfer shall, within Sixty Days after the Date thereof, be produced to the Clerk to the said Company, who shall cause a Memorial to be made thereof in the like Manner as the original Mortgages or Alignments, for which the said Clerk shall be paid such Sum as the said Company shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings aid Sixpence; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, to the full Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have executed such Transfer to make void, releale, or discharge the fame, or any Sum or Sums of Money due thereon, or thereby secured, or any Part thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed by Mortgage or otherwise as aforesaid, shall be paid Halite & Per.] 9 £ yearly

Form of Transfer of the Security.

Interefi of Money bor. rowed to be

79s

paid in preference to Dividends.

Persons holding Securities not entitled to 'Vote.

h'irft and other General Meetngs.

Committee to be appointed.

4*tf° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

yearly to the several Persons entitled thereto, in preference to any Interest or Dividends due and payable by virtue of this Act to the said Company or any of them, and shall from Time to Time be fully paid and discharged and provided for before the Yearly or other Interest or Dividends due to the said Proprietors, or any of them, shall be paid, made, and divided; and in case the fame or any Part thereof shall be behind, and unpaid by the Space of Thirty Days next after the same shall become due and payable as aforesaid, and after Demand made, then and in every such Calc the said Inrereft so due and unpaid as aforesaid, shall be I’ued for and recovered, with Cods, in the Court of Session in Scotland: Provided always, that no Person to whom any such Mortgage.or Assignment shall be made or transferred as aforesaid, shall be deemed a Proprietor of any Share, or shall be capable of ailing or voting as such, either as Principal or by Proxy, at any Meeting of the said Company, for or on Account of his or her having lent or advanced any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of such Alignment.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the first: General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors for putting this Act into Execution shall be held at the Town House, in the Town of Kilmarnock, or at a public inn in the said Town, upon the Forry-second Day after the passing of this Act, at the llour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon; and ail future General Assemblies of the said Company shall be holden on the full Tuesday in the Month of May, in each and every Year, in such Place as the said Company of Proprietors, at the next preceding Genetal Assembly, shall appoint; and in case of no Appointment, every such General Assembly shall be holden where the last General Assembly was holden, and all such General Assemblies shall be holden ac the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon; and the said Company of Proprietors, at such respective General Assemblies, and ac their Special General Assemblies as hrrein-after mentioned, shall and may appoinc a Chairman, and such Chairman shall no; only vote as a Proprietor or Proxy, but in case of an Equality of Votes, shall have the decisive or calling Vote; and if upon any Election of a Chairman, Two or more Persons shall be proposed to fill that Office, and shall have an equal Number of Votes, then and in every such Case the Persons so proposed shall draw Lots for the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall at their laid first General Assembly, nominate and appoint Five or more Persons, either out of the Proprietors of the said Company, or other Persons, to be a Committee for the Management of the Concerns of the said Company, until the nexc General Assembly to be holden on the first Tuesday in the Month of May then next ensuing, and the Powers of the said Committee shall then cease and determine, and the said Company of Proprietors assembled at such General Assembly shall proceed to the Nomination and Appointment of another, or may re-appoinc the said Committee, or any Member or Membeis thereof, and lo in like Manner at every ensuing General Assembly, to be holden on the first Tuesday in the Month of May in each and every Year, and the Powers of the said Committee shall then cease and determine; but no Person holding any Place or Employment of Profit or Contrail under the said Company, shall be capable of feerving upon a Committee during the Time of his Continuance in such Place, Office, or Employment ot

Profit,

799

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Profit, or holding such Contract Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Company of Proprietors, at any Special General Assembly to be convened in Manner herein directed, to remove any Member of the said Committee, and to appoint another Person in the room or (lead of every Member of the said Committee who shall die, be so removed, refuie to aff, or shall hold any Place, Office, Employment of Profit, or Contrail under the said Company; and every Person so nominated by the said Special General Assembly shall have the like Powers and Authorities, and shall be subject to the like Rules and Regulations, as if he had been nominated by the said General Assembly.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, at any General Assembly or Special General Assembly, to order and dispose of the Custody of their Common Seal, and of the Use and Application thereof, and to make such Rules, Eye Laws, and Orders, for the good Government of the said Company, and of their said Committee, and of their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, anti for the whole, complete, and total Superintendance and Management of the said Undertaking, and also for the well-governing of all Persons who shall be employed in the conveying of ai.y Goo-ls, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Articles and Things, upon any Part of the said Railway and other Works, and from Time to Time to alter and repeal the said Rules, Bye Laws, or Orders, all or any of them, and to impole and infiift i'uch reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons offending against the fame, as to such General or Special General Affem-biies shall seem meet, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence; and all such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, being reduced into Writing, under the Common Seal of the said Company, and being printed, shall be binding upon and observed by all Parties, and shall be f'ufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to juitifv all Persons who shall act under the lame, provided the lame be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called Scotland, or to any of the Provisions or Directions in this Act contained; and every such General and Special General Assembly shall have Power to cal! for, audit, and settle all Accounts of Money received, laid our, and disbursed on Account of the said Undertaking, by the Treasurers or Collectors of the Rates, and other Officers by them appointed, or by any other Person or Persons whoml’oever, employed by or concerned for or under them in and about the said Railway and other Works thereto belonging; and the said Company of Proprietors shall have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time to such Place or Places as shall at any such General or Special General Assembly be by them thought proper and convenient.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ff at any such General Assembly there shall not be present Persons, either as Principals or Proxies, whole aggregate littered or Property in the said Undertaking shall amount to at lead Six Shares in the said Undertaking, no Choice of a Committee, nor any Removal of a Person or Persons from any such Committee, nor any Lledtion of any Person or Persons in the room of such of the Members of the said Committee as shall die or dreiine to act, «r shall hold any Place, Office, Employment of Profit or Contract under

the

Company of Proprietors to make Bye* Laws.

General Meeting to confill of Persons holding Shares.

Soo 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

the Taid Company, shall be made at that Time; but in such Case there shall be another Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors at the same Place upon that Dav Three Weeks, whereof Fourteen Days’ Notice shall be given in some Newspaper circulated in the said County of Ayr; and if a sufficient Number of Proprietors having such Shares either as Principals or Proxies shall not then attend, the said General Assembly shall (land adjourned to the same Place to the Third ‘Iuejday next following, and such Choice, Removal, or new Appointment of any Member of any such Committee shall then take place, and not before; and such Committee so before appointed shall continue to ad and have the fame Powers as they had and were possessed of until a new Committee shall be appointed as aforesaid; and in case of Failure of the assembling of a sufficient Number of Proprietors having such Shares or Subscriptions as Principals or Proxies at such First General Assembly, every Proprietor who shall not attend such second or adjourned General Assembly in his own Person or by Proxy, shall forfeit to the said Company for every Share which he or she shall possess in the said Undertaking, the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be deducted out of his or her next succceding Payment of Interest or Dividends of the Profits of the said Undertaking, as the Case may happen; and in case no Interest or Dividends shall be payable to such Person or Persons making default, then the Payment of the said Forfeiture of Ten Shillings may be recovered and enforced by the Ways and Means herein-after appointed for the Recovery of any other of the Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this Act.

Special Ge-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear neral Meet- that for more effectually putting this Act into execution a Special Ciflrdby any General Assembly of the said Company is necessary to be held, it shall be Proprietor. ' lawful for any One or more of the said Proprietors, or their Proxy or Proxies, to cause Twenty Days’ Notice at least to be given thereof in some Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Ayr, or by giving to each Proprietor, or by leaving at his or her usual Place of Abode a Notice in Writing, signed by such Proprietor or Proprietors, his, her, or their Proxy or Proxies, or by the Clerk to the said Company for the Time being, or in such o'her Manner as he laid Company shall at any General or Special General Assembly direct or appoint, specifying in such Notice the Reason and Intention of requesting such Special General Assembly, and the Time when and the Place where the same shall be held; and the said Proprietors are hereby authorised to meet pursuant to such Notice; and such of them as shall be prclenc shall proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given to the said Company with ref,jest to the Matters (o l( ecified only; and all such Acts of toe Proprietors, or the major Pair of them, met together at every such Special General Assembly ^provided such major Part shall be possessed of at lead - Six Shares in the said Undo taking, either as Principals or Proxies) shall be as valid with respect to the Matters specified in such Notice, as if the fame had been done at a General Assembly at the Time herein-before appointed for holding the lame.

Officers to

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said the Company Company at any General or Special General Assembly from Time to to be ap- Time to nominate and appoint a freasurer and Clerk, and such other

1C ' Officers as they shall think proper, and shall cake sufficient Security from

every

4.S8 GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 8c 1

every such Treasurer, and other officers, for the due Execution of his Office, as the said Company shall think proper; and from Time to Time to remove any such Treasurer, Clerk, and other Officers, or any of them; and such Clerk shall attend the General and Special General Assemblies of the said Company, and the Meetings of the said Committee, and shall in a proper Book or Books, to be provided for that Purpose, enter and keep a true and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, and of the several Persons who shall from Time to Time become Owners and Proprietors, or entitled to any Share or Shares therein, and of their respective Proxies, and of all the Acts, Proceedings, and Transactions of the said Company, by virtue of and undef the Authority of this Act; and every Proprietor of the said Undertaking, and his or her Proxy and Proxies, shall and may at all convenient Times have Recourse to and peruse and inspect the fame, gratis, and may demand and have Copies thereof, or any Part thereof, paving Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and so in proportion for any greater or lei’s Number of Words so to be copied; and if such Clerk shall refuse to permit any of the said Proprietors or Proxies to inspect and peruse any such Books at all convenient Times and Seasons, or refuse to make any such Copy or Copies in a reasonable Time, at the Rate aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking j and in case by Reason of any Negligence, Misconduct, or Inability of any such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Officers, to execute their respective Offices, it shall be requisite to displace or remove him or them from their respective Offices, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee to remove any such Treasurer. Clerk or other Officer, from their respective Offices, and to appoint some other Person in their respective Places, and also to appoint some other fit and proper Person or Persons to be such Treasurer, Clerk, or other Officer in the place of every Treasurer, Clerk or other Officer, who shall die or quit the Service of the said Company, and every such Appointment shall continue until the then next General or Special General Assembly of the said Company, when such Appointment shall be confirmed, or another Treasurer,

Clerk, or other Officer shall be nominated and appointed in his or their Stead. '

XV. And be it further enacted, That all such Officers and Persons so Officers to to be appointed as aforesaid, shall-at such Time and Times, and in such account> Manner as the said Company of Proprietors or such Committee shall direct, deliver to the said Company of Proprietors or to such Committee, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in W riting of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers and Person or Persons respectively received by virtue and for die Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Company of Proprietors or to such Committee, or to such Person or Persons as they shall respectively appoint; and if any such Officer or Person shall refuse to produce or deliver up such Receipts or Vouchers, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Company of Proprietors or to such Committee, or to such Person or Persons as they [Zac. ft? Per.] 9 R respect

802

Committee to appoint a Chairman.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

respectively shall appoint, within Ten Days after being the reunto required determined by the fair! Company of Proprietors or by such Committee, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as upon the Balance cif any Account or Accounts shall appear to be due in their respective Hands, to the said Company of Proprietors or to such Committee, or as they respectively shall direct and appoint, then and in either of the Cafes aforesaid the said Company of Proprietors mav, and are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, or if Complaint shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors or by such Committee, or by such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons lo neglecting or refusing shall be and reside, such Justices may and they are hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, to be brought before them, and upon his or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the M tter in a summary Way, and if, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected, raised, or received by virtue of this Act, shall be in the H inds of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may, and they are hereby authorized and required upon Non-payment thereof, determined by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Effects of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons can be found sufficient to answer and iattsfy the said Money, and the Charges of making such Distress and Sale, or if such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons shall (till persist in refuting or neglecting to deliver up all such Monies, Accounts, Receipts, Vouchers, Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid to the Company of Proprietors or to such Committee or other Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, then and in every or either of the Cafes aforesaid such Jof-tices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol for the County where the Offender may be found, there to remain without Bail until he shall make and give a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or uncil he shall compound with the said Company of Proprietors or with the said Committee, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they respectively shall appoint, and until he shall deliver up such Monies, Accounts, Receipts, Vouchers, Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Company of Proprietors or to such Committee; but no such Officer or Person so committed for Want of sufficient Distress, shall be confined or detained in Prison by virtue of such Warrant for any longer Space of Time than Twelve Calendar Months.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Committee for the Time being of the said Company shall meet at such Times and at such Places, and from Time to Time adjourn themselves to such other Time and

Place

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.6. So3

Place as they shall think fit; and at all Meetings of the said Committee one of the Members present shall be appointed President or Chairman, and all Questions, Matter?, and Things which shall be proposed, difcufied, or considered at such Meetings shall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes, and the Chairman, in case of an Equality of Votes on any Question that may be agitated at any Meeting, shall always have a Second or calling Vote; and all the Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in or directed to be exercised by the said Committee, may be done and exercised by the major Part of them present at their Tcspective Meetings the whole Number present not being less than Three; and in order to Their Expen-defray the Expence of the Meetings of the said Committees, ic shall be cescobepaid. lawful for the said Committees, and they hereby allowed to expend or detain to themselves such reasonable Sum of Money, out of the Capital Stock of the said Proprietors, for their Expences in attending such Meetings, as shall be directed, adjusted, and settled by the said Company of powerS of the Proprietors at any General or Special General Assembly; and the said Committee. Committee shall have Power and Authority to contract for and agree for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, Heritages, and Materials for the Use of the said Undertaking and Works thereunto belonging, and shall and may settle, adjust, and determine all Matters, Questions, and Differences which shall or may arise between the said Company of Proprietors and the several Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages which shall or may be taken, used, damaged, or affected by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, and shall and may make Contracts, Agreements, and Bargains with the Workmen, Agents, Undertakers, and other Persons employed or concerned in making and completing and continuing the Works be longing to the said Undertaking and all and every Part or Parts thereof, and the said Committee shall (subjetft nevertheless to the Orders and Di-tedlions of such General and Special General Assemblies as aforesaid) have full power and Authority to direct and manage the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors; and the said Committee shall by themselves, or the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, keep a full and true Account of all Money dtfburled and Payments made by the said Committee, and by all and every Perfor and Persons employed by or under thtm, and of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which they shall receive, on behalf or in relpetft of the said Undertaking, from any Col-letfloror Collectors, or other Officer or Officers, or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever, employed in or having any Concerns, Dealings, or Transatflions with the said Undertaking, or in or with any Part or Parts thereof, and shall regularly by themselves, or their Clerk as aforesaid write, inlert, and enter in a Book or Books to be from Time to Time provided at the expence of the said Company of Proprietors for that Purpose, Minutes or Copies (as the Case shall require ! of every such Contradf, Bargain, Receipt, and Disbursernent, and of all other their Orders and Proceedings, which Book or Books shall be deposited with and kept locked up under the Care and Direction of the said Committee 5 provided always, that every Proprietor shall have free Access thereto, upon every reasonable Desire for his and her Inspection, and the said Committee shall have Power from Time to Time to make such Call or makfc^ Calls for Money from the Subscribers to and Proprietors of the said " ' Undertaking, to defray the Expences of, or to carry on the fame, as they the said Committee from Time to Time shall find wanting and necessary for

|8s>4- 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

for ihofe Purposes, so that no such Call shall exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds upon each Share; and such Calls shall not be made but at the Distance of Sixcy Days at lead from each other, and Twenty Days Notice at the least shall be given of all such Calls as aforesaid, by Advertisement in some Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulating in the said County of Ayr, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall, at any General or Special General Assembly, direct and appoint; provided that it shall not be lawful to make any further Cali upon any Proprietor or Proprietors who shall have paid to the said Company, in Obedience to the said Calls or otherwise, the full Amount of the Sum which by his, her, or their, Subscription he, she, or they had undertaken to pay for his, her, or their said Share or Shares; and every Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pay his, her, or their rateable Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, to such Person or Persons, and at such Time and Place as the said Committee shall from Time to Time order and direct j and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or reful'e to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part of the said Money so called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place appointed by the said Committee, or within Twenty Days next ensuing he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds for every Share he, she, or they shall have in ne said Undertaking, together with Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Time so ap-OnNon-Pay- P°'nted and if such Person or Persons shall continue to neglect or refute ment. Shares to pay his, her, or their rateable Call or Calls as aforesaid, with such Interest miy be for- and Penalty as aforesaid, for the Space of Six Calendar Months next after feited or fold. 'pjme f0 appointed for Payment thereof, then he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit his, her, or their respective Share and Shares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits thereof; all which Shares so forfeited shall be vested in the said Company ot Proprietors, in trust for and for the Benefit of all the rest of the said Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, or shall, at the Discretion of any of the said General or Special General Assemblies, be publicly loid for the use of the rest of the said Proprietors, whole Shares and Interests shall not have been forfeited as aforesaid: Provided always, be^ivento10 fhat no Advantage shall be taken of the Forfeiture of any Share or Sutffc'ribers Shares in the said Undertaking, until Notice shall be given by the Clerk before Forfei- or Treasurer to the said Company to the Owner or Owners thereof, or tureof Shares. j^otlce Writing left at his, her, or their usual or last Place of Abode, nor unless the same shall be declared to be forfeited at some General or Special General Assembly of the said Company; and every such Forfeiture shall be an Indemnification and Discharge to and for every Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting, after such Share or Shares shall be deemed to be forfeited by a General Assembly, but not before, against all Addons, Suits, or Prosecutions whatsoever, to be commenced or prosecuted for any Breach of Contract or other Agreement between such Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting and the relt of the Proprietors, with regard to carrying on the said Undertaking.

Subscriptioni

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the respective may be rrco* Persons who have subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance vered by any jvioney lor and towards the said Undertaking, or shall be Owner or

Action. Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said

Undertaknig, shall and are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums by them

8os

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

them respectivly subscribed (or such Parts and Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors, by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Act) at i'uch Times and Places, and in such Manner as shall be directed by the said Committee; and in case any of such Subscribers shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame at the Time and Place and in Manner so required for that Purposr, the said Company of Proprietors are hereby empowered to sue for and recover the fame, with such interest and Penalty as aforesaid, in any Court of Law or Equity.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in any Action brought by the Oircstine said Company against any Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares in the Proceedings said Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the said Company for or by reason of any Call or Calls made determined by virtue of this Act, it shall be sufficient for the said Company to declare or alledge that the Defendant or Defendants, being a Proprietor or Proprietors of such or so many Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, is or are indebted to the said Company in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrrear shall amount unto, for such or so many Call or Calls of such or so many Sum or Sums of Money, upon such or so many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants (as the Case may happen to be) whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company by virtue of this Act, without setting forth the special Matter; and on Trial of such Action it shall only be necessary to prove that the Defendant or Defendants, at the Time of making such Cali or Calls, was or were a Proprietor or Proprietors of fqme Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and that such Call or Calls was or were in fast made, and that such Notice thereof was given as is directed by this Act, without proving the Appointment of the Committee who made such Call or Calls, or any other Matter whatsoever; and the said Company shall thereupon be entitled to recover whac shall appear due, unless it shall appear that any such Call exceed the Sum of Fifty Pounds for every Sum of Five hundred Pounds, or was made within the Distance of Sixty Days from the lad preceding Call, or withouc Notice given as aforesaid; and after Judgment shall be given for the said Company in any Action, Executron shall not be flayed by reason of any Bill of Suspension or Advocation brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein, unless such Defendant or Defendants, with Two sufficient Securities, shall first become bound to the said Company, to be acknowledged in the Court in which Judgment shall be given, in double the Sum adjudged to the said Company by such Judgmenc, to prosecute the said Bills with Effect; and also if the said Judgment be affirmed, or the said Bills be refused, to satisfy and pay the Debt, Damages, and Cods adjudged by the said Judgment, and all Cods and Damages lo awarded for Delay of execution.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That such Committee shall from Time to Time make Reports of their Proceedings to and be subject to the Examination and Controul of the said General and Special Assemblies of the said Proprietors as aforesaid, and shall pay due Obedience to all such Orders and Directions in and about the Premises, as shall from Time to Time be made by the said Proprietors at any such General or Special

[Ltc. y Per.] 9 i> A (Terribly,

Committee to report to and be under Controul of General Meeting!.

So6

On the Death cf Subferib-cr:, Calls to be completed by their Executors.

Shares may be fold.

form of Conveyance.

4b6 GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

A (Terribly, such Order and Directions not being contrary to any express Directions and Pioviftons in this Act contained.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares in the said Untiertaking shall happen to die before such Call or Calls shall have b*en made for the full Sum to be advanced on any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall have been possessed of or entitled to, without having made Provision by Will or otherwise, how or in what Manner such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how or by what Means the future Calls in respect thereof shall be paid to the said Company for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, then and in such Case the Executors or Administrators of any such Owner so dying, or the Trullee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Curator or Curators, of any Lunatic or Lunatics, Tutor or Tutors, Curator or Curators, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, Lunatic or Lunatics, or of any other Person or l’ei fons entitled to the Estate and Effects of such deceased Owner, are hereby respectively authorized to pay, and shall be indemnified against all and every Person or Persons whomsoever for or on account of his, her, or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money when called for as aforesaid, to complete every such Subscription so contracted for or begun; and if such deceased Owner or Owners shall not have left Funds sufficient, or in case the Executors or Administrators, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Tutor or Tutors, Curator or Curators shall refuse or neglect to answer such Calls, the said Company of Proprietors shall be and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons to be Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of such deceased Owner or Owners, on Condition that he, flie, or they so admitted do and shall, on or before such Admission, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, or to the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Tutor or Tutors, Curator or Curators, Guardian or Guardians or any infant or Infants, or to any other Person or Persons who shall or may be entitled to his, her, or their Effects, the lull Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners in his or their Lifetime, by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise, upon such Share or Shares, or fujeh other Sum or Sums of Money as the same shall be sold for; and in case no Person or Persons shall be found who are willing to be admitted on such Conditions as aforesaid, then and in such Calc such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to and become vetted in the Rest of the said Proprietors, in proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, and shall be subject to be loid and disposed of in like Manner as other forfeited Shares may be fold and disposed of by virtue of this Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators, to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, she, or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned and provided j and the Conveyance of such Shares shall be in the Form, or to the Lffeft following, videlicet:

I A.B. in consideration of paid to

" X me by C.D. do hereby fell and transfer unto the said C.D. a

Share

4*)° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 807

<c Share [or. Shares, as the Case may be~] of the Undertaking

" called The Kilmarnock and Troon Railway, To hold to him the " said C.D. his Executors, Aministrators and Assigns, subject to the " same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and on the fame Conditions that " 1 held the fame immediately before the Execution hereof; and I the said " C.D. do hereby agree to take and accept the said Share [cr Shares]

« subjefb to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions; as " witness our Hands the Day of

And on every such Sale the said Deed of Conveyance, being executed by the Seller or Sellers, and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares, shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk of the said Proprietors for the Time being shall have entered in a proper Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale for the use of the said Company, and have testified or indorsed the Entry of such Memorial on the said Deed of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid, and the said Clerk is hereby required to make such Entry accordingly j and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part of the Profits of the said Undertaking, nor any Interest for such Share paid unto him, her, or them, or any Vote in respect thereof, as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That after any Call of such Money shall After. Ca!1

have been made by such Committee as aforesaid, no Person or Persons is made no

shall fell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall Share to be

possess in the said Undertaking, upon the Penalty of forfeiting his, her, or "n^1. their respective Share or Shares therein to the said Company, in trust for at,s*

the Benefit of all the said Proprietors,- unless he, she, or they, at the

Time of such Sale or Transfer, shall have paid and discharged to the Treasurer of laid Company of Proprietors, the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share fb fold or transferred; such Forfeiture nevertheless to be notified and declared at a General or Special General Assembly in Manner before directed.

XXIII. And for the better Security of the several Proprietors of the Namfsof said Undertaking as to their respective Shares therein, Be it further en- Proprietors, acted That the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby re- anci Number quired to cause the Names and proper Additions of the several Persons who to'^'encTrcd^ shall be entitled to the Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of in a Rook?0 Shares which they are then respectively entitled to hold, and also the and Tickets proper Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly "'‘lithe

and distinctly entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk to the ^v""*d:* laid Company of Proprietors, and after such Entry made, to cause their them. Common Seal to be affixed thereto; and shall also cause a Certificate or instrument, with the Common Sea! of the said Company affixed thereto to be delivered to every such Subscriber upon Demand, specifvimr the Share or Shares to which he, she, or they is or are entitled in the said Undertaking, every such Proprietor paying to the Clerk Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more, lor every such Certificate or instrument; and such Certificate or Instrument shall be admitted in all Courts whatever as Evidence of the Title of such Subscriber, his, her, or their , Executors,

8cB 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Executors, Administrators, and Alliens, to the Share or Shares therein specified; but the Want of such Certificate or Instrument shall not hinder or prevent the Owner or Proprietor of any of the said Shares from felling or disposing thereof j and inerfe any such Certificate or Instrument shall become defaced or damaged, or shall have been lost or destroyed, then another shall be made out and entered by the Clerk on the fame Terms and Conditions as aforesaid.

Proof and

XXIV. And whereas much Inconvenience iruy arise by the frequent

Entries in Change of the Right anti Title to the Shares of and in the said Undertaking

Cafesoi Mar- determined by the Marriage and Death of Proprietors, and ic may be difficult in such

Deni-/1"1 Cafes to ^certain to whom the Dividend arising or becoming due upon Inch Shares ought to be paid and do belong; Be it therefore further enabled, That before any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, in right of Marriage, shall be entitled to receive the same in case of the Marriage of any Female who may be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking and may at the Time of such Marriage be domiciliated in England, an Affidavit containing a Copy of the Register of such Marriage, or the Effect of such Register, shall be made and sworn to by some credible Person before one of the Judges at Westminster, a Master or Matter Extraordinary in Chancery, or any one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace; and the said Judges, Justices, Mailer or Matter Extraordinary in Chancery, and Justices of the Peace are hereby authorized and empowered to 1'wear any such Person to such Affidavit, and such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company for the Time being, who shall rile the fame, and make an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept by the said Clerk or Clerks for the Entry of Transfers and Sales of Shares in the said Undertaking; and that before any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking in right of a Proprietor who was domiciliated in England, by virtue of any Bequest or Will, or in a course of Administration, shall be entitled to receive the lame, the said Will, or the Probate Copy thereof, or such Lettere of Administration, shall be produced and shewn to the Law Clerk of the said Company, or an Affidavit containing a Copy of so much of such Will as shall relate to the k hare or Shares of the Tcttator, or of the Letters of Administration in case the Proprietor shall have died inteftare, shall be made and lwom to by the Executor or Executors of inch Will, or by the Administrator or Administrators or the Estate and Effects of the Proprietor dying intestate (as the Cale may happen to be) before one of the Judges at Westtnivfttr, a Matter or Matter Extraordinary in Chancery, or one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace; and shall also be transmitted to the said Clerk or Clerks, who shall fiie and enter the fame in Manner hereinbefore mentioned; and in case of any Female 1 Proprietor of the said Undertaking, who may happen to be domiciliated in Scotland, entering into Marriage, an Affidavit of such Marriage, by One or more credible Witnesses, shall be made before any one of the Judges of the Court of Seffiofi, or before any SheriffDepute or Justice of Peace, and tranlmiced to the Clerk of the said Company, who shall make an Entry thereof in the Books of the said Company; and if no Settlement or Provision has been made by the Parties to the contrary, and of which they shall make a Declaration before one or other of the Judges before mentioned, then the Share or Shares of such Female Proprietor

shall

809

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

ffiaH be transferred in the Books of the said Company to her Hufbar.d who may be entitled to the fame; and in the Event of the Death of any of the said Proprietors who were domiciliated in Scotland, upon Production to the Clerk of the said Company of Letters of Confirmation, or confirmed Testament or Testaments, dative under Authority of the respective Commissaries in Scotland, within whole Jurisdiction such Proprietors may have resided, and of which an Entry shall be made in the Books of the Company, the Share or Shares of such Proprietors shall be transferred to the several Person or Persons entitled thereto by the said Confirmations.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, to make and complete a Railway, to be called The Kilmarnock and Troon Railway, from or near the Town of Kilmarnock, in the Parish of Kilmarnock and County of Ayr, by the way of High and Low Wards, Slofs- Park, Westmuir, Grange, Burnhrae, Mount, Springhill, Third Part, in the Parish of Kilmarnock, Ea/l and West Gatehead, in the Parish of Kilmours, Cockhill, Lavemill, Harperland, Girtridge, and Gir-tridge-Mili, Pendicle of Girtridge, Bogfide, Kilnford, Auchans, Park-Thorn, Shewalton-Moss, Auchengate, Hillhouse Parks, Barrajfie, Burnfoot, Scrapknows, Saint Medians, Troon Park, and Troon Point Park, all in the Parish of Dundonald aforesaid, to the said Place called The Troon, in the same Parish of Dundonald, all which Places are in the said County of Ayr-, and for the Purposes aforesaid the said Company, their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, are hereby authorized and empowered to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate whatsoever, and to survey and take Levels of the lame, or any Part thereof, and to set out and ascertain such Parts thereof as they shall think necessary and proper for making the said Railway, and all such other Works, Matters, and Conveniencies, as they shall think proper and necessary for making, effectuating, altering, preserving, improving, completing, maintaining, and using the fame, and also to bore, dig, cut, trench, lough, get, remove, take, carry away, lay, use, and manufacture, any Earth, Clay, Stone, Soil, Rubbish, Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel, or Sand, or any other Matters, or Things, which may be dug or got in making the said Railway, or other Works, or out of the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons adjoining, or lying convenient or contiguous thereto, and which may be proper, requisite, or necessary, for making, carrying on, continuing, maintaining, altering, or repairing the said Railway, and other Works, or which may hinder, prevent, or obstrud the making, using, or completing, altering, extending, or maintaining the fame respectively, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act; as also to make, build, ered, 'and let up, in, over, under, or upon the said Kail way and other Works, cr upon the Lands adjoining or near to the fame, such and lo many Bridges, Piers, Arches, Tunnels, Drains, Houses, Warehouses, Tollhouses, Weigh-beams, Cranes, or other Machines, and other Works, Ways, Roads and Conveniencies, on and where the said Company shall think necessary and convenient for the Purposes of the said Undertaking; and also from Time to Time to alter, repair, and amend or discontinue the fame, and to

[^Loc. is Per.] 9 T make,

Empowering the Company to erett the Railway.

8io 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

makes, direct, alter, widen, enlarge, and extend any Ways, Passages, or other Works or Conveniencies, as well for carrying and conveying of Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Articles, to and from the said hallway or other Works, as for the carrying and conveying of all Manner of Materials necessary for the making, erecting, finishing, altering, repairing, maintaining, amending, widening, or enlarging the Railway and other Works hereby authorized to be nude, or which may be useful for any of the TPurposes thereof; and also to place, lay, work, or manufacture the i'ajd Materials on the Lands or Grounds near to the Place or Places where the said Works or any of them be or are intended to b? made, erected, repaired, or done, and also to make, set out, and appoint such Roads and Ways convenient for haling or drawing of Waggons and other Carriages passing upon the said Railway, with Men, Horses, or otherwise, and proper Places for Waggons and other Carriages to turn, lie, or pals each other, as they the said Company shall think convenient; and to con-ilruft, erect, make, and do-all other Matters and Things which they shall think convenient or necessary for the making, effectuating, altering, preserving, improving, completing, and using of the said Railway and other Works to be made or constructed in pursuance of and according to the true Intent and Meaning ol this Act, they the said Company, their Deputies, Agents, Servants, and Workmen, doing as little Damage as may be in the execution of the several Powers to them hereby granted, and making full Satisfaction, in Manner hereinafter mentioned, to the Owners and Proprietors of and all Persons interested in any Lands or other Hereditaments which shall be taken, ufrd, removed, diverted, or prejudiced for all Damages to be by them lullained in or by the Execution of all or any of the Powers of this Act; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Company, and their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and all other Persons whomsoever, for what they or any of them shall do determined by virtue of the Powers hereby granted, subject nevertheless to such Provisoes and Restrictions as hereinafter mentioned and contained: Provided always, that where the said Railway shall cross any Turnpike Roads or public Highways, the Ledge or Flank of the Railway, for the Purpose of guiding the Wheel of the Carriages, shall not exceed One Inch in Heighth above the Level of the Road, and that no Trees or Roots of Trees shall be cut, taken, or removed without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof, except such as may obstruct the making or Course of the said Railway or other Works,

XXVI. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall authorize

or empower the said Company, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to take, use, or injure or damage, for the Purposes of the said Railway or other Works, or any other of the Purposes aforesaid, any House or other Building which was erected or built at or before the passing of this Act, or any Land or Ground which was then set apart or used as or for a Garden, Orchard, Yard, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof and Persons interested therein respectively.

It'old Roads

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as it shall destroyed, be found necessary by the faiu Company of Proprietors to make or cue be'ma-V '° l^rou8*1 any Carriage or Horse Road, be the fame public or private, or e ma'" ' so much injure the same as to render it impallable or inconvenient for

Car-

Houses and Gardens not to be injured.

8n

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Carriages or Horses, or the Persons entitled to the Use and Benefit thereof, the said Company of Proprietors shall, at their own Expence, with the Approbation of two Justices of the Peace of the said County of Ayr, before any such Road shall be taken, cut through, or injured as aforesaid, cause a good and sufficient Carriage or Horse Road (as the Case may be)' to be set out, and made instead thereof, and shall put or cause to be out the fame in good and sufficient Repair and Condition.

XXVIII. And whereas a Survey has been taken to ascertain the Practicability of making the said intended Railway and other Works, and a Map or Plan, with a proper Book of Reference thereto, has been made in consequence thereof; Be it further enacted, That there shall be made Two Parts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference thereto, which shall be certified by the Right Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons, and one Part thereof shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the County of Ayr, and the other Part thereof shall be de-poftted with the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, to either of which Maps, Plans, and Books of Reference, all Persons shall have Liberty to rel’ort, and to examine or make Extrafls from or Copies of the fame, paying to the said respective Clerks for Copies of or Extracts of the said Books of Reference after the Rate of Sixpence for every One Hundred Words; and both of the said Maps or Plans, or Books of Reference so certified, or true Copies thereof, shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be good Evidence in all Courts of Law or elsewhere; and the Clerk for the Time being to the said Company, upon Twenty-one Days Notice given to him for that Purpose, shall and is hereby required from Time to Time to produce the Map or Plan and Book of Reference, so deposited with him as aforesaid, before any Jury or Juries to be impannelled by virtue of this Act, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, in order that the fame may be then and there given in Evidence, such Clerk having a reasonable Sum of Money allowed for his travelling Expences, Absence from Home, and Attendance on such Occasions.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors in making the said intended Railway, to deviate from the Course or Direction delineated in the said Map or Plan, more than Fifty Yards in the Estate cf Dame Margaret Cunningham, of Fair lie, and Sir William Cunningham, of Robertland, and One Hundred and Fifty Yards in the Lands of the other Persons named in the Book of Reference, or to cut, darry, or convey the said Railway into, through, across, under, or over any Part or Parts of the several Estates, Lands, or Grounds, now or late belonging to or reputed to belong to the said several and respective Persons named or described in the said Book of Reference, more than Fifty Yards in the Ellate of the said Dame Margaret Cunningham of Fair lie, and Sir William Cunningham of Robertland, and One Hundred and Fifty Yards from such Part or Parts as is or are mentioned in the said Book of Reference in that Behalf, in the Lands of the other Persons aforesaid, without the Consent in Writing, signed by the Person or Persons to whom such Estates, Lands, or Grounds, shall respectively belong: Provided always, that such and the like Rates upon the said Railway as are hereinbefore mentioned shall, notwithstanding such

Variations,

Maps and

Books of Reference to be authenticated by the Speaker of the House of Commons.

Power to deviate 1 ;o Yards from Line in the Plan.

$12

Proprietor! omitted in Book of Re. ference not entitled to obstruct Railway.

Breadth..of the Line.

Bodies Politic, & others empowered to fell.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Variations, or Deviations as aforesaid, be paid co the said Company, and with the like Powers, and subject to the fame Reftndtions, Provisions, and Regulations, as are hereinbefore mentioned and provided, in respect: to the C.ourse delineated in the said Map or Plan, and set forth in the said Book of Reference.

XXX. Provided always, That the said Company of Proprietors may make the said Railway into, through, across, or over the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever, whose Name or Names shall appear, to the Satisfaction of two Justices of the Peace, and be by them certified under their Hands, to he by Mistake omitted in the said Book of Rtfeience, or that instead thereof tire Name or Names of fomc other Person or Persons to whom such last mentioned Lands or Grounds do not belong, have or hath been by Mistake inferred therein; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds to be taken or tried for making and using of the said Railway shall not exceed Sixty Yards in Breadth, except in such Places where it shall be judged necessary for Waggons or other Carriages to turn, lie, or pass each other, or where any Warehouses, Cranes, or Weigh-beams, may be erected, or where any Places may be fee out or appropriated for the Reception or Delivery of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which shall be conveyed on the said Railway, and not above Eighty Yards in Breadth in any Place, without the Consent of the Owners of the Lands or Hereditaments adjoining to the said Railway.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That after any Lands, Grounds, or other Heritages, shall be let out and ascertained for making the said Railway and other Works, or any Part or Parts thereof, and for providing or constructing the Wharfs and other Works and Conveniencies hereinbefore authorized to be made, or any of them, it- shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Heirs of Entail, Persons having Life Rents, Husbands, Tutors, Curators, Trustees, and Feoffees in Trull for charitable and other Purposes, Executors and Administrators, and all Trustees and other Persons whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of theml'elves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on the Behalf of their several Ccftuique Trulls or Persons beneficially intcrcffed, whether Infants, Issue unooin, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert who is, are, or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Terce or other Inccrell therein, and to and fur all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are, or shall be leifed, poffrfled of, or interested in any Lands or Heritages, which shall be lo set off and ascertained for the Purposes aforesaid, to contract for, fell, or convey the fame and every Part thereof unto the said Company, and enfeoff the said Company thereupon; and all such Contradls, Agieiments, Sales, Conveyances, Affurarices, and Enfeoffments, shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Ltw, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and all B 'dies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Persons hereinbefore capacitated to convey Lands and Heritages whomsoever so cortveying, are hereby indemnified for what they shall respectively do

by

4$e GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 813

by virtue and in pursuance of this Act; and all such Contracts, Agreement?, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances to be made as aforesaid, shall be made at the Expence of the said Company: and shall be made according to the following Forms; (videlicet)

I A.B. of in Confederation of the

"1, Sum of to me paid, [or, in con-

" fidrration of the Annual Rent of

" to me to be hereafter yielded and paid] by The Company of Proprietors " of the Kilmarnock and Troon Railway, Do hereby convey and dispone ! «to the said Company, All [describing the Premises to be conveyed, and

t " all mv Right, Title, and interest in and to the fame, and every Part

" thereof] To hold to the said Company for ever, by virtue and according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act, passed in the Forty-

" eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled [here jet

" forth the Title of this sltt\ In Witness whereof I have hereunto set t " my Hand, the Day of in the Year of

i " our Lord

Form of Conveyance to the Company.

And every such Conveyance shall be kept by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Company, who shall from Time to Time, when requested, deliver attested Copies thereof to any Person or Persons requiring the fame, and shall have and receive Sixpence per Sheet for every such attested Copy, reckoning One Hundred Words to every Sheer, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words; and which Conveyance shall be regdtered in the General Register of Seifins for the County of Ayr, within Sixty Days after they shall be granted, which the Keepers of those Records are hereby appointed to register; and every such Conveyance, upon being registered as aforesaid, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; and the Original of all such Conveyances shall be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company, who, and the Keeper of the Register of Seifins where the lame shall be registered, shall, from Time to Time, when requested, deliver attested Copies thereof to any Person or Persons requiring the lame, and shall have and receive Sixpence for every One Hundred Words of each such attested Copy, and so in Proportion for any less Number of Words.

XXXIII. And whereas, in order to carry into Effect the Purposes of this Company Act, and to avoid Disputes with the Owners or Occupiers of Lands, may re-fell Grounds, and Heritages, which may be affected by making the said Lands-Railway and other Works, the said Company of Proprietors may hereafter purchal'c Lands and Buildings not necessary to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act; Be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sell and dispose of, and by Dilpofmon to grant and convey according to the Form of the Law of Scotland, such Part or Parts of the Lards and Buildings as may be so purchased by and conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors, and as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of the said Railway and Works; and also to lay out and appropriate any Fart of the said Lands and Premises, as and for a Way or Ways, Street or Streets, Avenue or Avenues, Passage or Passagesj and all such Grants and Conveyances from the said Company of Proprietors shall be validand effectual; any Thing in this Act contained, or any other [Loc. & Per.] 9U Law,

8i4 4.8® GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

T,aw, Seattl e, or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise noewith-standingj and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise determined by the Sale or Sales of such Lands or Prenrrifes, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, it shall and irrav be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasurers, for the Time

bein<*, to the said Company of Proprietors, to sign and give Receiots for the Money for which the lame shall be fold, which Receipts shall be fuf* ficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for which such Lands or Premises shall be fold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipts shall be acknowledg'd orexprrffed to be received; and such Person or Persons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Lnftes, Misapplication, or Nonapplication of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof: Provided always, that the said Company of Proprietors, before they shall tell and dispose of such Lands or Buildings, (hill first offer to re-sell the same at the Price for which they were originally purchased, and the Money bona fide expended or laid out on the fame, to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Lands or Buildings i and in case such Person or Persons shall not then and there-. upon agree, or shall refuse to purchase the fame, and on an Affidavit being

made and f.vorn beiore the Sheriff Depute of the County of Ayr, or his Substitutes, or before any one ot His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for that County, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Lands or Buildings, Bating that such Offer was made by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, such Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsoever be fuf-tkient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was not agreed to or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made (as the Case may be).

Satisfaction

XXXIV. And be it further enacted.That all and every Body or Bodies

to be made. Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Heirs of Entail, Trustees, Tutors, Curators, and every other Person or Persons hereinbefore capacitated to fell or convey Lands or other Heritages, and any other Owner or Owners and the Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or orher Plcritiges, through, in, and upon which the said Railway or other Works hereby authorized shall be made, may accept and receive Soisfadion for the Value of such Lands and Heritages, and for the Damages to be sustained determined by making and completing the said Works, either in grots Sums or by Yearly Rents, as shall be agreed upon by and between the Parties interested rel’pedivrlv, or any of ihem and the said Committees and such Yearly Rents as dial I be agreed upon between the said Committee and the Parties interested in such Lands or other Hereditaments, or as shall be so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, shall be charged on the Rates arising by virtue of th s Ad, and shall be paid by the said Company errher Yearly or Half-yearly, as the same shall be agreed or ordered to become due and payable; and in case the lame shall not be paid within Thirty Days next after the lame shall at any Time f i become doe and payable, it shall be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Ayr. and they are hereby required by an Order under their Hands, ro appoint one or more Person or Persons to receive the Rates hereoy granted and made payable, and to pay the same to the Person or Persons to whom the said Rents shall be due and unpaid as aforesaid, the said Justices taking such Security from every such Colic dor for the due and lawful Execution of > ‘ ' . . his

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46- 815

his Office, as they shall judge proper and sufficient; and every Person io appointed shall be deemed a Collector of the said Rates, and shall have the fame Power and Authrricv for collebling the fame, and to receive and retain thereouc a reasonable Satisfaction for his Trouble therein, as if he had been appointed a Collector of the said Hares by the said Company, until such Kents, with all Colls and Damages occasioned by the Nonpayment thereof, shall be fully fitisfied and paid, or it shall be lawful for such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustees, or other Person or Persons to whom such Rents shall be due and owing as aforesaid, co iue for and recover the fame, with such Colls of Suit by Action before the Sheriff of the County of Ayr, or before the Court of Session or otherwise, to seize, pound, and dillrain any Waggon or Carriage, or other Goods or liffcCLof the said Company, which shall be found upon the said Railway, or in or upon the Warehouses or other Works thereto belonging (Information of such Dilltefs being immediately given to the said Company by Notice in Writing delivered to their C.erk, or one of the Collectors of the Rates, or affixed to some of their Premises near to the Place where such Seizure svas made) and to detain the fame until Payment of such Rents then due and owing, together with the reasonable Charges attending such Didrefs; and if such Distress shall not be redeemed within Five Days next after making the lame, and Notice thereof given in Writing as aforesaid, then such Waggons, Carriages, or other Goods and Effects so distrained, shall and may be sold or disposed of in such Manner as the Law directs in case of a Dillrels for Rent by poinding or otherwise.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons so incerclled or entitled as aforesaid, shall refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Committee, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, or through Disability by Nonage, Coverture, or other Impediment, cannot treat for themselves, or make such Agreement as shall be convenient for promoting the said Undertaking, cr shall noc produce and evince a clear Tide to the Premises which they are or shall be poircffed of, or to the Interest which they claim therein, then and in every such Cale the Sheriff Depute or Substitute shall fumtnon Forty-five sufficient and indifferent Men as Jurymen, to appear before him at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appoimed, not being leis than Nine, nor more than Twenty-one Days after Re^uifition i r that Purpose shall have been served upon the said Sheriff Depute or Substitute by cither Party; and out of such Persons so to be summoned the said Sheriff' Depute or Substitute shall, in the Presence of the Parties imercfled, it they choose to attend, and to whom due Notice for that Purpose shall be given, draw out the Names of Fifteen Persons, who shall form a Jury for the Purposes aforesaid 5 and in case of the Death of any of the Fifteen Persons so drawn, or of their Inability to attend or ad, such additional Number shall be drawn in like Manner from the remaining Names of Persons so summoned, as will make up a complete Jury ot Fifteen, able to attend and act j and the said Sheriff Depute or bubllitute is hereby empowered to summon and call before them all and every such Person and Persons who shall be thought necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching t e Matters in Question; and the said Sheriff Depute or Substitute may order and authorize the said Jury, or any Five of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matters in Concro-

versy.

In case of Refusal to treat, a Jury to be sum-tnoned for settling the V alue.

Sheriff may summon Witnesses, and examine them on Oath.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

rerfv, which Jury, upon their Oaths (which Oaths, as well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Sheriff Depute or Substitute are hereby empowered to administer) shall esquire of, assess, and ascertain the Sum of Money or Annual Rent to be paid for the said Lands or heritable Subjects, or the Recompence to be made for the Damages that may or shall be sustained as aforesaid, and shall assess separate Damages for the fame: and the said Sheriff Depute or Substitute shall give Judgment for such Purchase Monies, Rent, or Recornpence, to be assessed by such Juries; which said Verdict, and the Judgment pionounced thereupon as aforesaid, shall be signed by the said Sheriff, and shall be binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all other Persons , whomsorver; and if any such Sheriff Depute or Substitute shall make Default in the Premises, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and if any Person so sunn-monrd and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to give his VerdidV, or in any other Matter wilfully neglect his Duty, contrary to the true Intenr of this Act; or if any Person so lummontd to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or give Evidence, every Person so offending, having no reasonable Excu'e to be allowed determined by the said Sheriff Depute or Substitute, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, for the Benefit of the Party in whose Behalf such Person was so summoned.

Exwnce of

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where a Verdict

Juries shall be given for more Monies as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any

Lands or Heritages of any Person or Persons whomsoever, or for any Damage to be done to any Lands or Heritages of any Person or Persons than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Company, t en all the Expences of summoning such Jury and taking such Inqucfl, shall be settled by the said Sheriff Depute or Substitute, and be defrayed by the said Company; but if any Verdict shall be given and made for the lame, or for a less Sam than had been previously offered determined by or on Beha f of the said Company as aforesaid, or in case no Damage shall be given by the Verdict where the Depute is for Damages only, then and in every such Case th Colts and hxpences of fu nmoning such Jury and tilting such Inquell shall be settled by the said Sheriff Depute or Substitute, borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Company shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which laid Colls and Expences having been so settled, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, where the same shall exceed such Colts and Expence'j as so much Money ad/anced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed or adjudged, or otherwise such Colts and Expences, in cale the lame be not a d on Demand after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Ways and Means as are hereinafter provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that whenever any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, Dilabikty, or otherwise, have been prevented as aforesaid from treating, the whole of such Coils, Charges, and Expences shall be borne and defrayed by the said Company.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Person and 'r®* Persons making Complaint and requeuing such Jury, shall, before the said jury to pro_ Sheriff Depute or Substitute be obliged to issue out his Warrant or War- cure Bail for rants for summoning such Jury, first enter into Bond with Two sufficient Cods. Sureties, to the Treasurer of the said Company for the Time being in the Penalty of One Hundred Pounds, or in such other Penalty as the said Sheriff Depute or Substitute shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to prosecute such his, her, or their Complaint, and to bear and pay the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury and taking such Inquests, in the Proportion and Manner hereinbefore mentioned: Provided always, that the said Sheriff Depute or Substitute shall Notice to be not receive or take Notice of any Complaint or Complaints to be made 8,ven‘ by any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Damage or Injury by him, her, or them sustained in consequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given in relation thereto, by or on Behalf of such Person or Persons, to the said Company or to their Committee or Clerk, Ten Days at the least before such Complaint shall be made to such Sheriff Depute or Substitute, and within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the Time that such supposed Injury or Damage shall have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have cealed.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Sheriff Depute or Awards far Substitute, and Juries respectively shall award all Determinations, Judg- Value of ments, and Verdicts which they shall respectively make and give in the Ex- Grounds aoi ecution of the Powers hereby vested in them concerning the Value of Lands

or heritable Subjects separately and distinctly from the Consideration of any other Damages sustained or to be sustained by any Person or Persons in consequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, and shall distinguish the Value let upon the Lands and other heritable Subjects, and the Money assessed and adjudged for such Damages as aforesaid, separattly and apart from each other.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Verdicts of the Juries An Determi and the Judgments of the said Sheriffs thereon as aforesaid, shall be nation a"' kept by the Sheriff, Clerk or other Person having the Custody of Verdicts of the Records of the Sheriff’s Court for the said County of Ayr; and the J"ries to be fame or true Copies thereof shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all iTshefft" Courts whatsoever , and all Persons shall have liberty to insped the fame, Court*" paying for each Inspection the Sum of Sixpence and no more, and to take

Copies thereof, paying for every Copy after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and so in proportion for any less Number of Words.

XL. And, in order that the said Company of Proprietors may not be impeded in the Prosecution of their said Undertaking determined by means of any such Proceedings before the said Sheriff Depute or Substitute and Jury; be it further enacted, That either upon Payment or legal Ten der of such Sum or Sums of Money by the said Company, or on their living Security for Payment of any such Annual Rent as shall be contracted or agreed for between the Parties, or assessed by such Juries in Manner , spectively as aforesaid, for the Purchase of any Lands or olher heriTab^ Subjects, or as a Recompence for the yearly Produce or Profits thereof \_Loc. (3 rer.j j

The Lands to vest in Company upon paying or giving Securicy for Value, or Compensation for Damages.

6i8 4-$° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

or as a Compensation for Damages as herein before mentioned, to' the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands and Premises, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be interested therein, or entitled to receive such Money, Rent, or Compensation respectively; orif the Person or Persons interested to the said Lands and heritable Subjects shall not be able to make a good Title thereto, so as to entitle himself or themselves to receive, or shall actually refuse to receive the Sum or Sums awarded to him, her, or them by the said Jury, or to execute a sufficient Conveyance; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or heritable Subjects be noc known or discovered, then and in any of these Cafes, upon Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank or Royal Bank of Scotland in Manner by this Act directed; and in all or any of the said Cafes, as often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Propiretors, and their Agents, Workmen, and Servants immediately toenter upon the Lands, Tenements, and other heritable Subjects respectively (or before such Payment or Tender, or Security given, by leave of the Owners and Occupiers thereof) and then and thereupon such Lands, Tenements, and other Heritages, together with the yearly Profits thereof and all the Estate, Ule, Trull, Interest, Benefit, Property, Claim, and Demand, of any Person or Persons therein, shall from thenceforth be veiled in and become the sole Property of the said Company of Proprietors to and for the Purposes of this Act for ever, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Right and Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as lully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the Premises had conveyed the same to the said Company by any legal Conveyance whatsoever, and as if they had been enfeoffed thereupon; and such Payment or Security as aforesaid shall noc only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Terce or Jointure of the Wife of every such Person, and all Estates and interests under Entail or in Reversion or Remainder or otherwise therein against the Issue and Heirs of every such Person, and against all other Persons whomsoever therein: Provided ntvertheltfs, that before such Payment or Security as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person acting under their Authority, to dig or cut the Lands or Grounds of the Person or Persons entitled to such Payment or Security, for the Purpose of making the said Railway or Works without the Content of such Person or Persons respectively.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Houses, Heritages, or other Subjects purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act which were held under Entail, or subject to Liferent Annuities or other Incumbrances, or belonging to any Corporation, married Woman, Minor, Lunatic, Idiot or other Person under any Itgal Disabihty or Incapacity, such Money, in case the same shall amount to Two Hundred Pounds or upwards, shall be under the Authority and Direction of the Court of Session, and shall without Delay be paid in the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or such other Bank as the Court shall direct, upon the highest Interest that can be got, in order chat it may be applied, with the Approbation and by the Authority of the said Court, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or in the

Difchsrgc

Application of Compensation Money to Corporations, Minors, Jec. when amounting to auol. or upwards.

4&* GEORGII III. Cap. 4-6. *19

Discharge of any Debt or Incumbrance affecting the said Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, or affecting other Lands or Houses belonging to the fame Persons and settled to the fame or like Uses, and under the like Conditions and Limitations; and when such Money cannot be applied to those or the likePurposes, then the same shall be laid out in the Purchase or on the Security of other Lands, Houses, and Subjects of the like Nature, and the Rights and Titles thereof shall bedevifed to the same Person or Persons, or for their Benefit to the fame Series of Heirs, for the same Uses and Purposes, and under the fame Provisions, Conditions, and Limitations as the Lands, Houses, and other Subjects taken and used for the Purposes of this Act were deviled and settled, or such of them as shall be then existing and capable of taking effect; and in the mean Time, until such Purchase or Security can be effected, the Interest of such M ney shall be paid by the Authority of the said Court to the Person or Persons who, for the Time being would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses, or other Subjects so taken and used by the said Company of Proprietors.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if such Money so to be paid or If less than any such Houses, Lands, Heritages, or other Subjects shall be less than aool. and Two Hundred Pounds, but shall be equal to or exceed Twenty lbove20°h Pounds Sterling, then and in all such Cases the same shall at the Option of the Person or Persons who far the Time being would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses, Heritages, and other Subjects conveyed to or taken by the said Company of Proprietors for the Purposes of this Act, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, or under the Hands of their Tutors, Curators, or Trustees, in Cafes of Minority, Lunacy, or Trust, such Money shall be paid into one or other of the said Banks under the Direction and Authority of the Court of Session, and shall be applied in the Manner before directed, or otherwise the lame shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be named by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Committee, or any Three or more of them, in order that such Money and the Interest arising thereon may be applied in the Manner before directed, as far as the Circumstances of the Cafe shall make it practicable.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That where such Money shall be less Ifless thaa than Twenty Pounds Sterling, then the same shall be applied to the use ol aol. the Person or Persons who for the Time being would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses, and other Subjects so taken and conveyed for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Committee, or any I hree or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Trust to his or their Trustees, or in case of Minority or Lunacy, to his her, or their Tutors or Curators for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That In case any Person or Persons to I" case of rot whomany Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of me*cing out any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects purchased by this Act shall Tilles’ *c' refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title’to the Premiics to the Satisfaction of the said Commiitee, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as

aforesaid

820 4^ GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall ;tnd may be lawful to and for the said Committee to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Houses, or other Subjects \_describing tbcm~\ subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Court of Session, which said Court on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof by Petition, shall be and he is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall leem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the public Funds, and to order Distribtition thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest nf the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just a id reasonable; and the Treasurer or Treasurers, Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where any

XLV. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise arffe touching touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank the Right to8 in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Houses or other iiich Money Subjects, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in the Possession of such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Houses or other Subjects, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session , and such Money and the Interest thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

The Court

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by may order rea- reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corpo-pence'sofPur- rat'on entitled to any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects to be purchased chafej to be under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall prid by Com- be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Pur-nmtee. chale of other Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, to be settled to the like

Dies in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences ofallPurchafes from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or lo much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, which shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

4.8° GEORGGII III. Cap. 46. 821

XL-VII. And, in consideration of the great Charge and Expence-which the Rates of said Company must incur and sustain in making and maintaining the said Tonnage. Railway and other Works hereby authorized to be made and maintained, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to a(k, demand, take, recover, and receive, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Company, for all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, and other Things whatsoever, which shall be carried or conveyed upon any Part of the said Railway, such Rates and Duties as the said Company shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of Three Pence per Ton Weight thereof per Mile.

XLVIII. And, for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Stone, Timber, wh and other Goods, to be charged with the Payment of such Rates as afore- tides on im"-said on the said Railway, be it further enacted, Thar Fifty Cubic Feet of berand light Round and Forty Cubic Feet of Square Oak, Ash, Elm, or Beech Tim- Gocds shall her, and Fifty Cubic Feet of Fir or Deal, Balk, Poplar, Birch, or other

Timber or Wood, not cut in Scantlings, shall, for the Purposrs of this Act, be respectively deemed, rated, and estimated as and for One Ton Weight; and One hundred and Twelve Pounds Weight Avoirdupois of Coal, Coke,

Culm, Lime, Sand, Slate, Tin, Freeftone, Limestone, and all other Commodities, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Matters, and Things, of whatever Kind or Description, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed, rated, or estimated as and for One hundred Weight; and Two thousand Two hundred and Forty Pounds Weight of all Commodities, Matters, and Things whatsoever, shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed and taken to be One Ton; any Usage of rating or estimating the same to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where there shall jj;rea;D be a Fraction of a Ton, a Proportion of the said Rates shall be demanded ho^Fraflion* and taken for such Fraction, according to the Number of Quarters of a Ton of Rates shall contained in such Fraction; and in all Cafes where there shall be a bc Paid-Fraction of a Quarter of a Ton, such Fraction shall be deemed and considered as a whole Quarter of a Ton; and in all Cafes where there shall be a Fraction of a Mile in the Distance which any Waggon or other Carriage shall p.tfs upon the said Railway, a Proportion of the said Rates shall be demanded and taken for such Fraction, according to the Number of Quarters of a Mile contained in such Fraction; and in all Cafes where there shall be a Fraction of a Quarter of a Mile, such Fraction shall, in ascertaining the said Rates, be deemed and considered as a whole Quarter of a Mile; and in order to ascertain such Distances the said Company shall cause the said Railway to be meal'ured, and Stones or Ports with proper Inscriptions to be erected, and for ever maintained, on the Sides of the fame at the Distance of One Quarter of a Mile from each other.

L. And be it further enacted, That the Rates herein authorized to be demanded and taken shall be paid to such Person or Persons, at such cove*'of*' Place or Places at or near the said Railway, in i'uch Manner and under Rates'! ° such Regulations as the said Company, at some General or Soecial General Assembly or Assemblies shall direct or appoint; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay i'uch Rates, or any Paw thereof, on Demand, to the Person or Persons appointed to receive the lame by the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee, then and \_Loc. y Per.} 9 T in

822

48° GEORGII III. Vap. 46.

in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company to sue for the same by Action before the Court of Session, or it final 1 and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so appointed to collect such Rates, and he and they is and are hereby authorized to fe'rze the Goods or other Things for or in respect whereof such Rates or any Part thereof ought to have been paid respectively, and the Waggon or other Carriage laden therewith, and detain the fame until Payment shall be made, and also until Payment of all Arrears of any Rates which may be due from the Owner or Owners of such Waggon or other Carriagesfas the Case may be) to the said Company, together with the reasonable Charges of such Seizureand Detention; andif such Goods ororher Things, Waggon or Carriage shall not be redeemed within Five days next after the taking thereof, the same shall beapprailed and sold as the Law directs in Cafes of poinding or Distress for Rent.

Profits not 10

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be exceed 20 per ]awful to and for any Two Justices of the Peace in and fcr the said County ^ent- of Ayr, after the Expiration of Three Years from the Completion of the said Works, and they are hereby authorized to require from the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors by a Summons in Writing under their Hands and Seals, an Abstract of the Accounts of the said Company, which Abstract the said Clerk is hereby required to produce to such Justices within Thirty Days after the Receipt of such Summons, shewino-the clear Profits made for such Three Years, to be made up, signed, and sworn to by the Clerk of the said Company and the said Clerk, after making Oath to the Truth thereof, shall deliver the said Abstract to the said Justices or one of them, or such Person as they shall appoint, to be afterwards deposited with the Sheriff of the said County of Ayr, and the said Justices shall consider the fame, and shall report what Dividends the said clear Profits shall have afforded to the said Company, or it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices to issue a Summons under their Hands and Seals to produce the several Books containing the Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursements of the said Company off’ro-prietors, all which Books the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby required to produce within Thirty Days after the Receipt of such Summons; and in case it shall appear that such Profits shall have afforded more than Twenty per Centum per Annum upon an Average upon the Sums originally subscribed and paid up, then the said Company shall be bound at the First General Meeting, on being the reunto required by the said Justices to reduce the aforesaid Rates of Tonnage to such Sums as shall appear to the said Justices to be sufficient to afford out of such clear Profits Dividends not exceeding Twenty per Centum per Annum upon the capital Sock of the said Company that shall have been paid up; and in case at any subsequent Period of Two Years it shall appear to the said Justices that a less Profit than Twenty per Centum per Annum hath accrued to the Company upon the Average of the said Two Years, such Profits to be ascertained as hereinbefore directed, it shall be lawful for the said Company to increase the said Rates of Tonnage, not exceeding at any Time the original Rates hereby authorized to be taken, and the said Rates shall be reduced and increased inlike Manner from Time to Time, but no Reduction or Increase shall take place oftener than once in Two Years.

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 823

LII. And, for the better ascertaining and more easily collecting the said Mifteriof Rares, be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners, or Person or 'Ya2gons ,c> Persons having the Care of any Waggon or other Carriage passing upon fn^wddngof the said Railway, or any Part thereof, shall give an exact and true Ac- the Goodfin count in Writing, signed by him or them, to the Collector or Collectors Waggona. of the said Rates at the Place or Places where he or they shall attend for that Purpose, of what Quantity cf Goods or other Things as aforesaid shall be in such Waggon or other Carriage respectively, and from whence brought, and where the same are intended to be unloaded or left; and in case any such Owner or Owners, Person or Persons, having the Care of such Waggon or other Carriage, shall neglect or refuse to give such Account to any such Collector demanding the fame, or shall give a false Account, or shall deliver any Part of his Lading or Goods at any other Place or Places than what is or are mentioned in such Account, with Inrent to avoid the Payment of the said Rates, or any Part of them, then and in every such Case every such Owner or Owners, Person or Persons so offending, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Ton of Goods and other Things, and so in proportion for any less Quantity than a Ton which shall be in any such Waggon or other Carriage respectively, of which he, she, or they shall have so refused or neglected to give such Account, or which shall have been so fraudulently delivered out as aforesaid (as the Case shall be) over and above the respective Rates directed to be paid for the same by virtue of this Act.

LI1L And be it further enacted, That if any Difference shall arise be- Jf D;ffer-tween any Collector or Collectors of the said Rates and the Owner or ence; Collec-Owners, or Person or Persons having the Charge of any Waggon or other tors may Carriage, or the Owner of any Goods or other Things therein, then and in w'tghormei-every such Case it shall be lawful for any such Collector or Collectors to (top fu0r*, V'ag" and detain any such Waggon or other Carriage, and to weigh, measure, and gauge, or cause to be weighed, measured, or gauged, such Waggon or other Carriage, and all such Goods and other Things as shall be therein contained respectively; and in case the same shall upon such weighing, measuring, or gauging appear to be of greater Weight or Quantity than what is fee forth and contained in the Account given thereof as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons giving in such Account shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, ineal'uring, and gauging, all which said Costs and Charges upon Nonpayment thereof upon Demand shall and may be settled by any Justice of the Peace for the said County, and the fame, when so settled, shall and may be recovered and levird Dy such Ways and Means and in such Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may be recovered and levied by virtue of this Act; but if such Goods and other Things shall be of the lame or less Weight or Quantity than the same shall by such Account^-have been dated to be of, then and in every such Case the said Collector or Collectors shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, measuring, and gauging, and also pay to such Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons, or to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or other Things a reasonable Satisfaction as Damages for such Detention, all which Costs and Charges and Satisfaction shall be settled by some Justice of the said County, and the fame when so settled shall and may be recovered and levied by such Ways and Means and in such Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may be recovered and levied by virtue of this Act.

824-

Power to fix

Ratesoffmall

Parcels.

Passageor Railway to be free on Payment of Rates.

No Waggons to pals on Railway unless constructed according to Regulations of the Company.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors from Time to Time to ascertain and fix the Price or Sum or Sums of Money to be charged or taken for the Carriage of any Parcel not exceeding Five hundred Pounds in weight upon the said Railway, or upon any Part or Parts thereof; and the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time cause to be printed and affixed upon every public Tollhouse or Building on or near to the said Railway, in some conspicuous Place, a List or Account ascertaining and particularizing the Price or Sum or Sums of Money so to be charged or taken for the Carriage of such Parcels as aforesaid upon the said Railway; and in case any Owner or Master, or other Person having the Care of any Waggon or other Carriage passing upon the said Railway, or upon any Part or Parts thereof, after such Lift or Account so ascertaining and particu-lafizing the Price or Sum or Sums of Money at which every such Parcel shall be lo carried and conveyed shall be so fixed as aforesaid, shall demand or take for the Carriage or'any such Parcels as aforesaid more than the Price or Sum or Sums of Money in such Lift or Account ascertained and particularized for that Purpose, such Owner, Master, or other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Judge or Magistrate before whom such Person shall be convicted.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons whomsoever shall have free Liberty to use with Horses, Cattle, and Carriages the Roads, Ways and Passages to be made by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose of conveying any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and other Things to or from the said Railway and every Parc thereof, without paying any Thing for the use of such Roads, Ways, and Passages, and also Co pass upon and use the said Railway with Waggons or other Carriages properly constructed reflectively as hereinafter mentioned, and to employ any Cranes, Warehouses, or Places belonging to the said Company for loading and unloading such Goods and other Things upon Payment of such Rates as shall be demanded by the said Company, not exceeding the respective Sums herein mentioned, and subject to the Rules, Orders, Bye Laws, and Regulations which shall be from Time to Time made by the said Company by virtue of the Poweis herein granted.

LVI. And be it further enacted, Thar no Person or Persons whomsoever shall pass upon any Part of the said Railway with any Waggon or other Carriage whatsoever, unless the same shall be construded agreeably to the Orders and Regulations of the said Company, which Orders and Regulations shall be stuck upon a conspicuous Part of every Tollhouse erected upon such Railway for the collecting of the Rates by this Act imuofed (except in crofting the fame for the convenient Occupation of the adjacent Grounds, or in passing any public or private Carriage Road which may happen to cross the said Railway); and all such Orders and Regulations shall be affixed to some conspicuous Part of every Tollhouse for collecting the said Rates arising on the said Railway; and if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall pass upon any Part of the said Railway with any Waggon or other Carriage not confttuded in the Manner hereinbefore directed (except as before excepted) he, she, or they so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied in such and the like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may be levied, recovered, and applied by virtue of this Act.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

LVII. And for the betterRegulation of the Owners of Waggons andother Carriages and others employed by or under them respectively, and for the more easy Detection of any Thing by them done contrary to the Directions of this ACV, be it further enacted, That the Owner of every Waggon or other Carriage passing along the said Railway shall cause his or her Name and Place of Abode, and the Number of his or her Waggon or other Carriage to be entered with the Clerk to the said Company, and shall also cause such Name and Number to be painted in large white capital Letters and Figures on a black Ground, three Inches high at the lead, and a proportional Breadth, on some conspicuous Part of the Outside of every such Waggon or other Carriage, and shall permit and suffer every such Waggon or other Carriage to be gauged or measured at the Expence of the said Company, whenever it shall be required by them or any Person or Persons appointed for that ; provided that no such Waggon or other Carriage shall be gauged or measured more than Four Times in any one Year; and the Owner of every Waggon or other Carriage which shall pals on any Part of the said Railway without having such Name,

Figures, and Index thereon as hereinbefore directed, and every Person who shall alter, erale, deface, or destroy the fame, or any Part thereof, or who shall tefufe to permit and suffer any such Waggon or Carriage to be gauged and measured, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners of every owners of Waggon or other Carriage passing upon the said Railway, or any Part there- Waggons an' of, shall be, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby made answerable fwerable for for any wilful Damage, Spoil, or Miichief that shall be done by his, Damages, her, or their Waggon or other Cartiage, or any of the Drivers or other Persons belonging to or employed in or about the fame respectively, unto the Railway or other Works to be made by virtue of this Act, or determined by loading and unloading any Waggon or other Carriage, and for any wilful Trespal’s or Damage that shall or may be done to the Owner or Occupier of any Building, Lands, or Tenements, or other Property adjoining or lying near to the fame, or any of them, or any other Trespass whatsoever, and the said Owner or Owners of such Waggon or other Carriage shall for every such wilful Damage, upon Conviction of such Person or Persons before any Justice of the Peace either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or upon the Oath or Oaths ot One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath or Oaths such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer) pay to the Person or Persons injured the Damages to be ascertained by such Justice, provided that such Damage do not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, and over and above such Damages shall also forfeit and pay to the Informer any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and all the Cods, Charges, and Expences attending such Conviction; which Damages, Penalties, and Costs shall be levied by Distrcfs and Sale o( the Goods and Chattels of the Owner or Owners of such Waggon or other Carriage, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand of such Justice, and the Overplus (if any) after such Penalty,

Damages, and the Colls and Charges of such D.strei's and Sale are deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, or if the said Damages shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, then and in such Case the Owner or Owners of such Waggon or other Carriage shall and may be prosecuted for the fame in the Court of Session, and if found guilty or a Verdict passed against him or

{Lee. fcf Per}. 9 Z her,

825

Owners to put their Names on the Waggons.

£*6

Owners of Waggons to have Recourse on their Servants for Damages.

Company or Committee to regulate Passage of Wag-gens.

Company to make Gates, Arches, &c. under Direction of Justices.

4S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

her, or Judgment be given against him or her, the Pursuer in such Case shall recover his Damages thereby sustained, with full Costs of Suie.

LIX. Provided always, Thar in case the Owner or Owners of any Waggon or other Carriage as aforesaid shall be compelled to pay any Penalty, or to make Satisfaction for any Damage by reason of any wilful Neglect or Default done or committed by his, her, or their Servant, such Servant shall be liable to repay such Penalty or Satisfaction ro such Owner or Owners, and in case of Nonpayment upon Demand thereof, and Oath made by such Owner or Owners of the Payment by him, her, or them of such Penalty or Satisfaction, and that the lame hath not been repaid to him, her, or them, by such Servant, although demanded, (such Oath to be made before any one Justice of the Pe ce acting in and for the said County of the lame Penalty and Satisfaction shall be levied determined by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of such Servant, together with all Costs and Charges attending lurh Distress and Sale; and the said Penalty and Satisfaction, when recovered, shall be paid to such Owner or Owners, in Discharge of such Penalty or Satisfaction so by him or them paid for he wilful Act or Default of such Servant as afore laid; and in ca'e nosufficienc Distress can be had, such Justice of the Peace shall and is hereby required to commit such Servant to the common Gaol or House of Currection for the said County, there to remain without Bail, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Waggon or other Carriage shall be placed or suffered to remain in any Part of the said Railway or other Works so as to obstruct the Passage thereof, and the Person having the Care of such Waggon or other Carriage shall not, immediately upon Request made, remove such Waggon or other Carriage, then and in every such Case every such Perlun so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every Hour such Obstruction shall continue after the making of such Request; and it shall be lawful for any Collector or other Officer belonging to the said Company to cause any such Waggon or other Carriage to be unloaded, if necessary, and to be removed in such Manner as shall be proper for preventing such Obstruction, and to detain such Waggon or other Carnage and the Loading thereof, or any Part of such Loiding, until the Charges uccaftoned by such Removal shall be paid and discharged.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company shall within Six Calendar Months next after any Part of the said Railway shall be laid out and formed, at their own Costs and Charges, make, erect, and set up, and from Time to Time maintain and support such and so many convenient Gates in and upon the said Railway, and also such Arches, Ditches, Drains, and Passages, over, under, or by the Side of the said Railway, of such Dimensions and in such Manner as any Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County shall from Time to Time judge necessary and appoint, in case there shall be any Dispute about the fame, for the Use of die Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds through which such Railway shall be made, or for protecting the said Lands and Grounds from Trespass, or the Cattle or other Property of the Owners or Occupiers thereof from (fraying or escaping, by reason of such Railway, or any other Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act;

827

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Act; and all such Gates, Arches, Ditches, Drains, and Passages, so to be made as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time and at all Times thereafter be supported, maintained, and kept In sufficient Repair and Condition by the said Company; and in case the said Company shall refuse and neglect to make, erect, or set up fiieh Gates, Arches. Dicches,

Drains, and Passages, as hereinbefore directed, or to maintain and support the fame or any of them when erected, set up, and made, in Manner as aforesaid, for the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Time to be appointed for those Purposes respectively by the said Justices, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for ali or any of the Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands or Hereditaments who shall find himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by such Refusal or Neglect to make, erect, and set up all such Gates, Arches, Ditches, Drains, and Passages, or any of them, as the said Justices shall have before directed or appointed to be made, eredfed, and set up as aforesaid, and to maintain, repair, and support the fame from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, io that in making and maintaining such Gates, Arches, Ditches, Drains, and Passages, or any of them as aforesaid, the said Railway, Buildings, and other Things hereby authorized to be made or erected by the said Company shall not be obstructed or injured for any longer Space of Time or in any other Manner than shall be necessary for the doing thereof, and all the reasonable Costs and Charges thereof (to be settled and allowed by the said Justices) shall be repaid to the respective Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands or Heritages, who shall have so erected and made, repaired or maintained such Gates, Arches, Ditches, Drains, and Passages, or any of them as aforesaid by the said Company within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the same shall have been so settled and allowed, and an Accountand Demand in Writing shall have been delivered and madethcreof toand from the said Company; and in Default of Payment of the said Costs within the Time aforesaid, the said Justices shall and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands, to levy the said Costs and Charges by Distress and Sale of any of the Goods and Effects of the Company, for the uleof such Person or Hersons who shall have so incurred such Costs and Charges, rendering to the said Company the Overplus (if any) after deducing the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and Sale, and such Costs and Charges shall be settled by the said Justices; and everyand any of the said Owners and Occupiers, upon Refusal or Neglect of the said Company to pay the said Costs and Charges as aforesaid, shall and may also have such and the like Remedy against them for the Recover* thereof by Action of Law, to be commenced and prosecuted in such Manner as in other Cafes is by this Act directed.

LXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Owners of Time or Timesappear to the Owneror Occupier, Owners or Occupiers of Lands may any Lands or other Heritages through which the said Railway shall be erea Gates, made, that the Gates, Arches, Ditches, Drains, and Passages, or any of fhofe'^mad6 b them, which the said Two Justices shall have so directed or appointed Com fanfare tc be made by the said Company, are inefficient either in their Number insufficient. or Situation for the commodious Use and Occupation of their respective Lands or Heritages through which the said Railway shall pass, then and in every such Cale it shall be lawful for any such Owner or Occupier, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Company upon Request made io them or their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, or in case of their Refusal for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Request,

then

8a8

Owners and Occupiers to pals along Railway.

Company to fence Railways.

Penalty on dellroying I Works.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

then with the Consent and Approbation of such Two Justices at aforesaid, to make, fix, and erect, at their own Colls and Charges, such other Gites, Arches, Ditches, Drains, and Passages, or any of them, of the fame or the like Construction or Form with those made and erected by the said Company, in, upon, or near to the said Railway, in such Places as shall be found and adjudged mod necessary and convenient for the better Ule, Cultivation, Improvement, or Occupation of such Lands or other Heritages, and to repair and support the fame at their own like proper Costs and Charges, as Occasion shall require, so that the Passage through of along the said Railway be not prevented or obstructed thereby for any longer Space of Time, or in any other Manner than the fame would necessarily have been if such Gates, Arches, Ditches, Drains, and Passages had been made or erected by the said Company.

LXIII. Provided always, That it shall be lawful for the Owners and Occupiers of the respective Lands or Grounds through which the said Railway shall be made, and his and their Servants and Workmen, Cattle and Can lages, at all Times to pals and rrpals acrol's such Part of the said Railway as shall be made in and upon their laid Lands and Grounds respectively, such Owners or Occupiers noedamaging or obstructing the fame or the Passage thereof.

LXIV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the said Company shall and they are hereby empowered and required, at their own proper Charges, after any Lands shall be taken for the Use of the said Railway, to divide and separate, and keep constantly divided and separated, the fame from the Lands or Grounds adjoining to such Railway with good and sufficient Polls, kails, Hedges, Ditches, Mounds, or ocher Fences, and at their own Costs and Charges from Time to Time maintain and support the said Posts, Rails, Hedges, Ditches, Mounds, and other Fences so to be made as aforesaid, in case the Owner or Owners or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds adjoining to such Railway, or any of them respectively shall at any Time desire the lame to be fenced off, or in calc the said Company shall think proper to fence off the lame, instead of Gates being erected as aforesaid; and the said Company shall also make and maintain all necessary Gates and Stiles in all such Fences to be made as aforesaid, all such Gates being made to open towards such Lands and Grounds, and then and in every such Case the Powers, Provisions, Directions, and Regulations hereinbefore contained, with respect to Gates and other Works as aforesaid, shall extend and apply, and be applicable to the making and maintaining of such Fences as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Provisions, Directions, and Regulations were now repeated and reenacted with respect to such Fences.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully, e maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Undertaking, break, throw down, damage, dellroy, (leal, or rake away any Part of the said Railway, or other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, every Person offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be subject and liable to the like Pains anti Penalties as in Cafes of Felony j and the Court by or before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 829

Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws of Scotland, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Courts may, if they shall think fit, award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of arbitrary Punishment.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly and wilfully lay or place any Sore of Timber or Wood, or any Stones, Bricks, Tiles, Coals, Lime, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil,

Rubbish, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever on any Part of the said Railway to the Prejudice thereof, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, and applied as other Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be levied, recovered, and applied.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Per- Gate* to be fons opening any Gate set across the said Railway, shall, and he or they fii~

is and are hereby required and directed, lo soon as he or they and the Waggon or other Carriage shall have passed through the fame, to (hut and fallen the fame; and every Person neglecting so to do shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Two Pounds, and such Penalty shall be levied and recovered in like Manner as any other Penalty can or may be levied and recovered by virtue of this Act; and one Moiety of such Penalty shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the said Company of Proprietors.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, Thac it shall be lawful for the Owner* of Owner or Owners of any Lands or Grounds near to, through, or by Landatoereft which the said Railway shall be made, to erect and use any Place or Places for loading and unloading Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Ground*, other Articles, Cranes, Weighbeams or Warehouses, in or upon his, her, or their respective own proper Linds, Grounds or Wades adjoining, or near to the said Railway, with necessary Ways and Roads to the fame, and may load or unload any Goods or other Things at such Warehouse or Places, and make and use proper and convenient Places for Waggons or other Carriages to turn in and pass each other, so that the making or using thereof respectively do not obstruct or prejudice the using of the said Railway.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any such Owner or Own- iftheOwner* ers shall not within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after refute, the Notice given in Writing to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their ^r°"Pfuncyhmay usual Place or Places of Abode, by or on the Behalf of the said Company, w^ehouses that any Part of such Lands, Grounds, or Wades, is necessary or proper &c. to be used for the Purpose of making and erecting Place or Places for loading and unloading Goods, Wares, Merchandize and other Articles,

Cranes, Weighbeams, Warehouses and Buildings for the use of the said Undertaking, or for making or laying out necessary and convenient Roads for the ConveyanceofGoods to and from the said Railway, make, erect, and lay out, and from Time to Time maintain and keep in good and substantial Repair such proper and sufficient Places, Warehouses,

Buildings, Cranes, Weighbeams, and Roads for the Ulc of the said Railway, as the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee shall think necessary, on the respective Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds described in such Notice, then and in such Case the said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power and Authority, without any Hindrance or J \Lbc. 13 Per.] io A Restraint

For preventing Nuisance* and Obstructions.

836 4S° GEORGII III. Cap. *6.

Restraint whatsoever, to make ufeofany such Lands, Grounds, or Wastes (not being the Ground whereon any House or other Building (lands, or any Garden, Orchard, planted Walk, or any Avenue to any House) so making, erecting, or building proper and sufficient Places for loading and unloading Goods, Wares, Merchandize and other Articles, Cranes, Wcighbeams, Warehouses, and Buildings, and making and laying out necessary and convenient Roads to and trom the said Railway agreeably to such Notice to be delivered as aforesaid, they the said Company of Proprietors first making Satisfaction for the fame in such Manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to other Lands or Grounds which shall be taken or used by the said Company for the Purposes so this Act.

Goods re-

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, Mer-inainingabove chandize or Things whatsoever, which shall be carried and conveyed on to^a^'add'1"* Railway, shall he or remain upon any Place or Places for load-

ttonafly2 ' ing ar|d unloading Goods, Wares, Merchandize and other Articles, or Warehouses belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, for above the Space of Twenty-four Hours, then and in Inch Cafe the said Company of Proprietors shall be entitled to receive such reasonable Rates or Allowance, over and above the Rates hereinbefore authorized to be taken, as shall be agreed upon between the said Company of Proprietors, or their Agent or Agents, or such other Person or Persons and the Owner or Owners of any such Goods, Wares, Merchandize or Things; and the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County, are hereby authorized and empowered to make such Regulations from Time to Time as they may think fir, for limiting and ascertaining the Rates for the depositing or warehousing of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize or other Articles, at such Place or Places, Warehouse or Warehouses.

Tor making

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time or Timesh ere-Recompence after any Person or Persons shall sustain any Damage in his, her, or their far Damage Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Property, byreaion of the Execu-rot provi t tion of any of the povvers hereby given, and for which no Remedy is hereinbefore provided, then and in every such Case the Recompence or Satisfaction for such Damage shall from Time to Time be settled and ascertained in such Manner as herein directed, in respect to the Recompence or Satisfaction to be made for any Damage sustained by executing any of the Powers of this Act.

Proprietorscf L.XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Corn-Railway not pat1y of Proprietors shall not be liable to pay to the Trustees of the so^HoTefor Public Turnpike Roads any Toll whatever, for any Horle or Carriage Carriages' passing along the said Railway across such Parts of the said Roads

crossing where the lame is intended to be carried for the Purposes of the said

Roads. Undertaking.

Recovery of

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures Forfeitures for Offences inflicted by this Act, or which shall be inflicted by any Rule, and Penalties. Law, or Order made by the said Company of Proprietors in pursuance thereof (the Manner of levying and recovering whereofis not hereinbefore particularly directed) shall, in case of Nonpayment thereof, on the Conviction of the Offender or Offenders before any. Justice of the Peace for the said County of Ayr, or Place where the Offence shall be committed, either by the Conleflion of the Party or Parties, or by the

-Evidence

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 46. 831

Evidence of credible Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) or by such Proof as shall be competent by the Law of Scotland in stich Cafes, be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant), and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, after such Penalties or Forfeitures and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Effects; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, determined by Warrant under his Hand, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail for such Time as such Justice shall direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties or Forfeitures and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied; and all such Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not hereinbefore particularly directed, shall go and belong to the said Company, and be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be Persons ag-made for any Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress icfelf grieved by shall not be deemed unlawful, northe Party or Parties making the same be |rr*?"!a"tJr deemed a Trel’passer or Trespassers on account of any Defector want of Jjcier'sp^ Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceed- cialDamagei. ings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, abinitio, on account of anylrregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damages in an Action before the Court of Session.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons thinking himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgment ppea made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye Law, or Order of the said Company, or by the Order or Determination of 4ny Justice or Justices of the Peace, may, within Six Calendar Months after such Order or Determination shall have been made or given, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions to beheld for the County or Place where such Cauleof Appeal shall happen or arise, upon first giving Thirty Days’

Notice at the least, in Writing, of such Intention to appeal, to the Parties interested in such Complaint, and the Justices shall in a summary Way hear anddetermine the said Appeals at such Sessions, orif they think proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for the said County or Place, and if they fee Cause may mitigate any Penalty or Forfeiture, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye Law, Order, or Determination, and may also order any Satisfaction to bemadetothe Party injured as they shall judge reasonable, and may also order such Costs to be paid to the Party aggrieved by the Party aggressing as they in their JudgenhentfhalLhink justand reasonable; but no Proceedings to be had and taken in pursuance of this A6V shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Advocation

or

832 48° GEORGII III. Cap .46.

or by any other Process whatsoever; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

Form of LXXVI. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders

Conviction. against this Act, be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Perl'on shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may caul'e the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form; (videlicet)

" R

J3E it Remembered, That on the Day of

*' in the Year of our Lord A.B. is

" convicted before me C.D. one of His Majesty's Justices of the " Peace for the County of [fpK'fy’Hg fbe Offence, and the Time

" and Place when and where committed, as the Case may be] contrary to an Act of Parliament passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign " of King George the Third, entituled, [here Jet forth the Title of this " Ail], Given under my Hand, the Day and Year first above mentioned."

Limitation of

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be

Action». brought, commenced, or instituted against any Person or Persons for any Thingdone in pursuance of this Act, or in Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities, or any of the Orders made, given, or directed in, by, or under this Act, until Thirty Days’ Notice in Writing, of an Intention to commence or institute such Action or Suit shall have been given to the Defender or Defenders, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed for which such Action or Suit shall befo brought, commenced, or prosecuted; or in case any Damage or Injury shall be followed up by or consist of a Continuation or connected Succession of Acts, then such Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted within Three Calendar Months next after the doing or committing of such Damage shall ccafe, and not afterwards; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought before the Court of Session in Scotland; and the Defender or Defenders in such Action or Suit shall and may deny the Libel, and may plead that the fame was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear lo to be done, or if such Action and Suit shall be brought after the Time hereinbefore limited for bringing the lame, or shall be brought without Thirty Days’Notice thereof, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, then and in every such Cale the Defender or Defenders shall be aflbilzied, or if the Action or Suit shall be found irrelevant or beotherwile difinifled, or the Purluer or Pursuers shall not prosecute the Action, or suffer the same to fall asleep, or if Judgment shall be given against the Purluer or Purfueis, such Defender or Defenders shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defender or Defenders hath or have for Lofts of Suit in any other Cale by Law in Scotland.

Public Act. LXX

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed

and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice ot as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being speculiy pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808-

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

55#

Cap. 47.

An Act for the Improvement of the Harbour of Traw, situate on the West Coast of the County of Ayr,

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS Her late Majesty Queen Anne, by Charter bearing Date the Fifth Day of August, and sealed at Edinburgh the Tenth Day of October, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and seven, granted to William Fullerton and his Heirs, therein mentioned, the Port, Marine Station, and Harbour of Troon, therein declared to be a Free Port, Marine Station, and Harbour, with Power to improve, repair, erect, and build the fame for receiving all Ships, Boats, and other Vessels, and to levy and apply to their own Use the Anchorages, and all petty Customs, Casualties, and Duties thereof: And whereas the said Harbour of Troon, which is situate on the West Coast of the County of Ayr, in its present State, does not afford sufficient Security and Accommodation to Vessels lying therein: And whereas by erecting Piers or Ramparts, enlarging the said Harbour, and making a Wet Dock, with a sufficient Quay or Quays thereto for the convenient loading and unloading of Ships, and by making and maintaining such other Works as may be necessary for their Reception and convenient lying the rein, the said Harbour would be rendered safe and commodious to the great Benefit of Owners of Vessels, Merchants, and others, trading to and from the same, and would be of public Utility: And whereas the Most Honourable Williae.i Henry Cavendish Bentinck Scott [Loe. & Per. J 10 C commonly

838

Power to make Wet Docks, fcc.

Empowering the Proprietor of the Harbour to take Katei.

Kate.'.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

commonly called Marquis of Titchfield, now claims to be Proprietor of the said Harbour, and is desirous, at his own Expence, of enlarging the said Harbour, and of erecting, making, and maintaining the said Wet Dock, Piers, or Ramparts, Quays and.fitch other Works as are necessary for the Improvement of the said Harbour, and Accommodation of Vessels lying therein; but as the said Anchorages, petty Customs, Casualties, and Duties, would be inadequate to such his Purpose, and have not been properly ascertained, it would be expedient that the fame should be abolished, and that other Rates and Duties should be granted and made payable: But as the fame cannot be effecred without the Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, and he, (lie, and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to erect, con-flruct, make, build, do, maintain, and support such Wet Docks, Entrances, Piers, or Ramparts, Quays, Buoys, and such other Wo ks, as he, she, or they shall deem necessary or expedient for the Improvement of the said Harbour of Tran, and for the Reception and Accommodation of Ships and Vessels lying the rein, and for the convenient lading and unlading of such Ships and Vessels.

II. And be it further enacted, That in consideration of the Expence which mufl be incurred in making and mainlining the aforesaid Harbour, Wet Docks, Basons, Quays, Piers, and other Works, and also of the Expenc.es of Management thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being to demand, take and receive, or cause to be demanded, taken, and received, instead of all other the said Anchorages, petty CuRorns, Casualties, and Dues which have been heretofore payable, to and for his, her, or their own proper Use and Behoof, of and from all and evtry the Mailers or Commanders, and Owners, of any Shij s or Welle!:, Barks and Boats, trading to and from and using the said Harbour, the several Rates and Duties herein-after specified for such Vessels, agreeably to the Burthen and Tonnage thereof; videlicet:

For every Ship, Vessel, or Boat, British-built, being the Property of His Majesty's Subjects Inhabitants of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, entering and using the Tide or Outer Harbour, the several Rates following; videlicet, If under the Burden of Fifteen Tons the Sum of One Penny per Ton; if of the Burden of Fifteen Tons or upwards, and under Twenty-five Tons, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny per Ton; if of the Burden of Twenty-five Tons or upwards, and under Forty-five Tons the Sum of Two-pence/>er Ton; ifef the Burden of Forty-five Tons or upwards, and under Sixty Tons, the Sum of Three-pence per Ton i if of the Burden of Sixty Tons or upwards, and under Severn) five Tons, the Sum of Three-pence Halfpenny />*rTon;and if of the Burden of Seventy-five Tons or upwards, and under One hundred Ton, the Sum of Four-pence per Ton; and if of the Burden of One hundred Tons or upwards, and under One hundred and fifty Tons, the Sum of Five-ptnce/vr Ton; and if of the Burden of One hundred and fifty Tons or upwards 9 and

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

ind under Two hundred Tons, the Sum of Sixpence per Ton; and if of the Burden of Two hundred Tons or upwards, and under Three hundred Tons, the Sum of Seven-pence per Ton; and if of the Burden of Three hundred Tons or upwards, and under Four hundred Tons, the Sum of Eight-pence per Ton; and if of the Burden of Four hundred Tons or upwards, the Sum of Nine-pence per Ton.

And for every Ship, Vessd, or Boat, British-built, being the Property of His Majesty's Subjects Inhabitants of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, entering and using the said Wet Docks, or Inner Harbour or Harbours, or any of them, there shall further be paid One-half more in Addition to the said Rates and Duties:

And for all Ships and Vsflfcls using the said Tide or Outer Harbour, or the said Wet Docks or Inner Harbour or Harbours, or any of them, being the Property of Foreigners, or Foreign-built Vessels, there rtiall be paid Double the Tonnage Duty before specified for British-built Vessels using the said Harbours or Wet Docks, or any of them respectively: And that there shall be paid by the Mailer of every Merchant Ship or other Vessisl, and other Person whomsoever, who shall load or unload, export or import any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Articles or Commodities, within the said Harbours or Docks, or any of them, over and above the respective Tonnage Duties above specified, the several Rates and Duties mentioned in the Table or Schedule of Rates hereunto annexed.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, or his, her, or their Collector or Collectors to receive and accept of and from any Mailer, Commander, or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, Bark or Boat, not exceeding the Burden of One hundred and fifty Tons, trading to and from, and using the said Harbour, a Composition for the said Rates and Duties (,so as such Composition shall not exceed such Rates and Duties) and such Composition shall be paid and payable at such Times and in such Manner, as shall be agreed upon by and between the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, or his or their Collector or Collectors, and any such Master, Commander, or Owner.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, which have paid the above-mentioned Rates and Duties at unloading, shall be again exported in the fame Packages, such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be exempted ftom the Payment of such Rates and Duties on the reshipping thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Fishery Salt imported in Bulk, and which shall be re-shipped in the Calks for the Fishery, shall be liable to the Payment of any of the said Rates and Duties when so relhipped, other than the Dutiy in tire said Table stipulated for the Calks containing the fame, according to their Dimensions; and no Ship or Vessel carrying Stones, Wood, or other Materials, into the said Harbour or Wet Docks^ or any of them, for the Ul'eof the Piers or any other Works authorized to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to the Payment of any of the aforesaid Rates or Duties in respect of such Voyage or Goods.

Sates may be

compounded

for.

Goods for which Tonnage Duty once paid, not to pay a second Time, Sec.

For allowing certain Exemptions.

84.0

To fix Ratei not enume-lEted in the Table.

When Dulles shall commence.

Exemption from Duties, for Vessels in His Majesty's Service.

Vessels rot to be cleared till Duties pa d.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being to ascertain and fix such icasonable Rates and Duties to be paid upon the loading or unloading, exporting or importing of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Article or Commodity, not specified or enumerated in the said Table or Schedule to this Act annexed, as he, she, or they shall think fit, so as no such Rate or Duty shall exceed the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny for every Shilling on the Amount of the Freight of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Article, or Commodity respectively; and such Rates and Duties, when so fixed and ascertained, shall be considered to all Intents and Purpo-fes, as if the fame had been fixed, ascertained, and especially enumerated in this Act, or in the said Table or Schedule hereunto annexed.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the Pro* prietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being to demand’ take, or receive and Rate or Duty by virtue of this Act, for or in re* sped of any Ship or Vessel, or for or in respect of any Goods, Wares’ or Merchandize, until a Certificate shall have been granted by the She* riff Depute of the said County, specifying and declaring that the said Harbour is so far completed that Ships and Vessels of Fifty Tons Burthen may with Safety enter the fame, and that the said Piers and Quays are so far completed that Sh'ps and Vessels of Fifty Tons Burthen may be loaded and unloaded therefrom, which Certificate the said SheriffDepute shall, and he is hereby required to grant, when and as foan as it shall appear to the said Sheriff Depute that such Harbour, Piers, and Quays, are so completed as aforesaid; and no such Rates or Duties shall be had, demanded, taken, or received by the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, until furh Certificte shall be enrolled in the Books of the Sheriffs Court of the said County.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act con'ained shall extend, or be construed to extend, foas to charge with the Payment of any of the said Rates or Duties, any of His Majesty's Shins ot War, or any Ship, Transport, or Packet, belonging to His Majesty, H s Heir* and Successors; nor any Ship, Transport, or Packet, employed in carrying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of flis Majesty's Poflmafier General; uor any Ship or Vessel in the Service of the Customs or Excise; or any Ship or Vessel employed in or upon His Majesty's Service in the Conveyance of any Ordnance Stores, or Officers or Soldiers, or any Horses, Arms, Ammunition, or Baggage, to them or any of them belonging,

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector or Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs, Receiver of Entries, or Ships Surveyor or Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs whatsoever, shall at any Time after the said Rates and Duties shall become payable, give or make out any Cocket or other Discharge, or make any Report outwards for any Ship or other Vessel within the said Harbour or Wet Docks, or any of them, or permit any Ship or other Vessel to go out of the said Harbour or Wet Dock', or any of them, or from any Landing Place within the I mits thereof, before the Master or Owner, or other Person having the Rule cr Command of such Ship or other Vessel, shall produce

8+i

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

duce to such Collector, Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs, Receiver of Entries, or Ships Surveyor or Searcher, Waiter, or other < fficer of the Customs, a Certificate from the Collector or Collectors aflina by or under the Authority of the Proprietor or Proprieties of the said Harbour for the Time being, denoting that the Rates or Duties by this Act granted and imposed are paid, or secured to be paid, which said Certificate such Collector or Collectors so acting by or under the Authority of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, is and are hereby required to give without Fee or Reward, upon the Payment of such Rates and Duties, then and in every such Case the Collector, Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs, Receiver of Entries, or Ships Surveyor or Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs, so offending, shall forfeit and pay to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

X. And, to the Intent that the Rates or Duties imposed by this Act may be more effectually collected and levied, be it further enacted, That in case any Owner or Master, or other Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vessel within the said Harbour, or any Factor or Consignee thereof, chargeable with the Rates or Duties granted by this Act, shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame, or any of them, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, or the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons, appointed in pursuance of this Act to receive the same, to go on board such Ship or Vessel, to demand, collect, and receive the said Rates or Duties, and on Non-piyment thereof, or of any Part thereof, to take and detain every such Ship or other Vessel, and all the Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof; and all or any Part of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, in respect whereof such Rates or Duties shall be payable, either on beard such Ship or other Vessel, or on Land, and the same to detain until the respective Rates or Duties shall be satisfied and paid; and in case of Neglect or Default in Payment of the said Rates or Duties, or of any Part thereof, for the Space of Five Days after any Distress or Distreffes so made or taken, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, or such his, her, or their Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, to cause the lame to be appraised by Two or more Sworn Appraisers, or other sufficient Persons, and afterwards to fell the Lid Distress or D streffes, and out of the Produce of the Sale thereof, to satisfy himself, herself, or themselves, as well for and in respect of the Rates or Duties so neglected or delayed to be paid, as also for and in respect of his, her, or their reasonable Charges in taking, keeping, appraising, and felling the fame, ren--tlering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner, upon Demtnd; or it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, in case of Nonp vment of the said Rates and Duties as aforesaid, instead of recovering the fame in Manner aforesaid, or in case the Whole thereof shall not be so recovered, to proceed lor the Recovery of the fame, or so much thereof as shall not be so recovered by Action of Debt, or Trespass, on the Cafe.

[Z. oc. fe* Per.'] 10 D XI. And

Manner of

recovering

Rates.

§4-3

V «."

Fenont eluding

to couture djaigtfauie.

How T n-nnge Dutie* shall t^e ascertained.

Penalty on Pejfo'H ob« Itniciimr thf rotfahiring of Ships or Veil'd*.

4$° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

XI. And be it farther enacted, That if any Master, Owner, or Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vt-ffel, or the Owner, Factor. or Consignee of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, shall, by any Means whatsoever, at any Time or Times elude, evade, or avoid the Payment of the Rates or Duties hereby made payable in respect thereof, or any Part of the fame, then and in every such Case each and every Person eluding, evading, or avoiding Payment as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the'l ime being a Sum equal to the Amount of such Rates and Duties, and shall also stand charged with, and be liable to the Payment of the said Rates and Duties; and the same shall and may be recovered from such Mailer, Owner, Factor, or Consignee, or such other Person having such Rule or Command respectively, at any Time or Times, either by the Means herein-before prescribed for the levying of the said Duties, or by such Method, and in such Manner, as is herein-alter directed for levying and recovering the Fines, Forieitures, and Penalties imposed by this Act and with like Costs. ,

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Master or other Person having the Rule or Command of every Ship or other Vessel lying within the said Harbour, shall and he is hereby required to produce and shew, on Demand, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, or to the Person or PerLns appointed to collect the Rates and Duties aforesaid, the Custom House Rt-gifter of the Burthen of Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, and in case of Refusal, Failure, or Delay in producing and shewing the lame, or in case there shall be no such Register, or In case the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, or such Person or Persons appointed to collect! the Rates and Duties aforesaid, shall not be satisfied therewith, or shall entertain any Doubt of the Corredlness thereof in regard to the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, or such other Person or Persons appointed to collect the Rates and Duties aforesaid, and also to and for any Person or Persons employed by him, her, or them, to enter into such Ship or Vessel, and admeasure the fame, in the Manner and according to the Directions of an Act, pasted in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Master or other Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vessel lying within the said H irbour, or any other Person whatsoever, shall obstruct or hinder the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, or the Person or Persons appointed to collect the Rates or Duties hereby made payable, or any other Person employed or appointed by the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, to admeasure Ships or Vessels in pursuance of this Act, from entering on board such Ship or Vessel, or from taking the Admeasurement thereof, then and in every such Case every such Master or other Person so offending, shall for every such Offence toifeil and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, such Penalty to be in Addition to and over and above the said Rates.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being shall deem it expedient to borrow Money for the Purpose of enabling him, her, or them, to carry on the Works aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for him, her, and them, and he, she, and they, is, are, and hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, to borrow or take up at Interest:, on the Credit of the Rates and Duties to be collected by virtue of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money which he, she, or they shall deem necessary, for effectuating the Purposes of this Act, and to assign the Property of the said Harbour, Lands, and Buildings, and such Rates and Duties (the Costs and Charges ot aligning the same to be paid out of such Ra'es and Duties) as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money which shall be so borrowed, with Inrereit, to such Person or Persons, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees who shall advance and lend the fame; and all such Assignments shall be made and granted under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, and may be made in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

4 T> Y virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of

this Act] I in Consideration of the Sum of

‘ advanced and paid to me by do here*

by assign and make over unto the said his Executors, Admi-

nistrators, and Assigns, the aforesaid Harbour, and the Land and Build-

ings belonging thereto, and all and singular the Rates and Duties payable to me by virtue of the said Act, and all my Right, Title, and ‘ Interest of, in, and to the fame, to be holden by the said

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, until the said Sum of with the legal Interest thereof, shall be fully

satisfied and paid. In witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seat the Day of in the Year of our

Lord

4 Signed ami sealed )

in the Presence of J

And every such Alignment or Mortgage shall be good, valid, and effectual, for securing the Repayment of the Money therein mentioned.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case Two or more such Assign-tnents or Mortgages shall be made and executed to different Persons, the Person or Persons to whom the first shall be made shall have prior Right to the said Harbour, Lands, Buildings, Rates, and Duties, and the rest of the said Assignees or Mortgagees, or Persons, to whom such other Assignments shall be made, shall have Preference and Priority in like Manner, according to the Dates of their respective Assignments; and the Claim and Right of Preference and Priority of any Assignee or Mortgagee, shall not be defeated by a subsequent Assignee or Mortgagee possessing himself of a prior Alignment or Mortgage, lave and except as to the Money due upon such prior Assignment or Mortgage.

843

Power to mortgage tie Harbour ard Duties.

In cafc of leveial

A flignments, Affgnees to clai-n in Succession.

844

M rtjpgee* may tiaosier Myi tga&cs.

Notice to be *wen

M-! ( .'get* to recei c Money.

Power to appoint

Ofiicci s.

Officers to account.

48? GEORGGil III, Gap.47.

XVI. And be it f irther enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons to whom any such Assignment or Assign-rrents. Mortgage or Mortgages, fit gif, be made as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to transfer his, her, or their Right orlutere/t therein, to any Person or Persons' by Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals; and such Transfers may be in the Form or to the filed following; videlicet:

‘ T of in Consideration of the Sum

' A of paid to me by of

do hereby transfer the Alignment or Mortgage made by ‘ to me, bearing Date the Day cf of

‘ the Harbour of ;Troon, and the Rates, Duties, and Premises fl erein con* *, tained, for securing the Sum of and legal Interest, due and

‘ to become due thereon; and I also assign and transfer all my Right and ‘ Property therein and to the said Sum of and Interest, to

‘r.tite laid his Executors, Adminillrarors,

and Alligns. In witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal ‘ the Day of in the Year of our

V Lord

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in caffe the Proprietor or Proprietor of the said Harbour for the Time being shall be at any Time desirous of paying off and discharging any Sum or Sums of Money borrowed as aforesaid, he, fire, and they shall and is and are hereby required and direct.d to canfe Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing, signed by him, her, or them, of such his, her, or their Intention, to be given to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, or left at h.s, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, upless such Person or Persons shall consent to receive the same without such Notice j and every Mortgagee or Assignee, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, who shall require Payment of the principal, Sum or Sums ol Money due to him, her, or them, shall give un o the Proprietor or Propri tors of the said Harbour for the Time being dx Calendar Months Notice in Writing of the Day on which the same shall be required to be paid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

and for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, and he, live, and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered, front Time to Tiijte, to nominate and appoint a Collector or Receiver of the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, and all’o a Clerk or Secretary, and such. etheri Officers, as he, she, or they shall judge necessary to be employe! under him, her, or them, for carrying the fame into Execution, granting to them respectively such Salaries, and taking such Securities for the due Execution of their respective Offices, as to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour forjlhe lime being shall seem right and proper \ and such CletJcIltall, in,.a proper fiook or Bpoks to be provided for tint Purpose, enter and keep a true and a perfect Account of all Ad$, Pn ceedings, Transactions, Matters, and Things, as shall be done in pursuance of this Act.; J.u't , ballet*) tadinD ti ad haA XX

XIX. And be it further enacted, That thelaid Collectory Clerk, and all other Officers or Servants appointed as aforesaid, flialfat inch Tirnej and as often as the Troprietoi7pr, proprietors of the said H^rjxny;fqr the i l" Time

845

48' GEORGII III. Cap.tf.

Time being shall direct, render to him, her, or them, or to such Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of the Execution of their respective Offices, and of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge respectively by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by them respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, or to such Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall appoint; and if any such Officer or Servant shall refuse or neglect to render such Account, or to produce such Receipts or Vouchers, or to make such Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, or to such Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall appoint, within Thirty Days after being the reunto required, all Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or of their respective Offices, or Duplicates thereof, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprie* for or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, or such Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall appoint, to make Complaint thereof to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Servant so neglecting or refusing shall be or reside; and such Justiceis hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Officer or Servant to be brought before him, and upon his appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way; and if by the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been collected and raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of or shall be due from any such Officer or Servant, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, upon Nonpayment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Servant; and if sufficient Goods and Chattels to pay and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of levying the fame, and of the Proceedings for Recovery thereof, cannot be found, or if it shall appear to such Justice that such Officer or Servant hath refused or neglected to deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or Duplicates thereof, then and in every such Cale such Justice shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place where such Officer or Servant shall be or reside, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall comply with the aforesaid Directions, or make Satisfaction to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being; but no such Officer or Servant, who shall be so committed for want of sufficient Goods or Chattels as aforesaid only, shall be detained in Prison by virtue of such Warrant for a longer Term than Three Calendar Months.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Bye Lawu and for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being,from Time to Time, to make and frame, ordain and establish such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as he, she, or they shall think [Loc. & Per.] 10 E fit.

8+6

Penalty on

(uttering

combuuible Matter to remain on tl Quayt.fcc.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

fit, for the good Government of the Clerks, Collectors, Officers, Assistants, Servants, and others, appointed or employed under or by virtue of this Act, and for the better regulating the said Harbour, Wet Docks, Basons, and other Works, all or any of them, and the mooring and stationing of Ships and other Vessels therein; and for the well governing, ordering, and managing of the Pilots to be employed for the said Harbour, Officers, and Crews of such Ships and other Vessels, and the Boatmen, Servants, and others employed therein or belonging thereto, and for the Relief and Assistance of the Ships and other Vessels resorting to, or seeking Shelter at or in the said Harbour, Wet Docks, or Basons, or any of them; and also for the better regulating, governing, and managing the several Works, Matters and Things by this Act authorized and directed to be made, done, and constructed, as well whilst the same are making, doing, andconftrufting, as after as they shall befinished, and for the mere safe and convenient shipping, loading, landing, discharging, carrying, conveying, laying, ciepofiting, and removing of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, upon any of the Quays, Wha fs, or Landing Places belonging to the said Harbour, Wet Docks, or Basons, or any of them; and for the better governing and regulating Porters, Carters, and Carmen, and others carrying Goods, or using or driving Horses, Waggons, Carts, Drays, Trucks, Sledges, or other Carriages for conveying Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, to and from the said Quays, Wharfs, or Landing Places, and also to repeal, add to, amend, or alter such Bye Laws, Rules, Regulations, Orders, and Ordinances, or any of them j and to annex, impose, and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penaites or Forfeitures, not exceeding Five Pounds (to be recovered in Manner herein-after mentioned) for the Non-observance, Non-performance, or other breach of or Offence against any such Bye Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation, and also to make such other Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as ihallbe by him, her, or them thought necessary or expedient for eftefting the Purposes of this Act, and the due Execution thereof; and all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, and all such Alterations thereof shall be reduced into Writing,; nd subscribed by the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, and Copies thereof, in legible Cha-rafters, shall be printed and affixed on some conspicuous Places or Buildings, in or adjoining the said Harbour, Wet Docks, Basons or Quays, for the Inspection and Information of all Persons interested therein, and all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations shall thenceforth be binding upon, observed, and obeyed by all Persons whomsoever, tiling or in any Way concerned in the said Harbour, or in any of the Works to be made, erected, or maintained by virtue of this Act, and shall be Efficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under or in pursuance of the fame j provided that such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, or to any of the Clauses, Provisions, and Directions in this Act contained; and all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations, shall be subject to Appeal in Manner herein directed.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, Hemp, Flax, Wood, Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Hay, Straw, Tallow, or any other combustible Things or Goods whatsoever, shall be ' landed on any such Pier, Quay, or Wharf, or shall be lying on the Deck

847

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 47,

of any Ship or other Vessel in the said Harbour, Wet Docks, Basons, of any of i hem, then and in every such Case such Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch* Hemp, Flax, Wood, Splriruous Liquors, Turpentine, Hay, Straw, Tallow, and other combustible Goods and Things, shall be removed and taken away within the Space of Twelve Hours, to be computed from the Time that Luch Ship or Vessel shall come within the said Harbour, Wet Docks, Basons, or any of them; and in Default thereof, the Master or Owner ot every such Ship or Vessel shall forfeit and pay unto the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being. Ten Shillings per'Yon of such Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, Hemp, Flax, Wood, Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Hay, Straw, Tallow, or other combustibie Goods or Things, over and above the several Rates and Duties to be paid by virtue of this Act, lor every succeeding Twelve Hours that the fame, or any of them, shall so remain, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton, such Sum and Sums of Money to be paid by the respective Owners or Persons having Charge of such Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, Hemp, Flax, Wood, Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Hay, Scraw, Tallow, or other such comhuliible Goods, or Things, and such Sum and Sums of Money shall and may be letied and recovered by such Ways and Means as the several other Rates and Duties granted by this Act can or may be levied or recovered,; and if any such Gunpowder, Tar, Pitch, Hemp, Flax, Wood, Spirituous Liquors, Turpentine, Hay, Straw, Tallow, or other such combustible Goods or '1Tings, cannot ba removed and taken away as aforesaid, before Suiifet, then and in every such Case the Owner or Owners, or Persons having Charge of such combuttible Goods and Things, shall be obliged to let and maintain, at his or their own Exper.ce, a sufficient Number of careful sober Persons to guard and watch over the fame such and so many Hours, according to the Season of the Year, as the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being shall order and direct; and in case the Owner or 0*ners, or Persons having Charge of such com-buflible Goods and Tilings, or the Mailer or Matters of any Ship or other Vessel, shall make Default therein, every such Owner or Owners, Matter or Matters, or other Person or Persons, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, Neglect, or Refusal, any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and in addition thereto shall also pay all Damages occasioned bjr such his or their Default.

XXII. And be it further enadeJ, That if any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Commodities, or other Matters or Things whatsoever, shall lie or remain upon any Whaif or Wharfs, Quay or Quays, Warehouse or Warehouses, belonging to the said Harbour, for above the Space of Twenty-four Hours, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors-of the said Harbour for the Time being, or such Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall appoint, to demand and take such reasonable Rates or Allowances, over and above the Rates and Duties herein-before authorized to be taken, as shall be agreed upon between such Proprietor or Proprietors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or other Things.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time b.ing, to lower or reduce all or any of the said Rates and Duties, and

again

Fulther Allowances for Goods remaining upon Wharfs beyond a cei ta n Time.

Rites may be alleied.

848

Power t# regulate Vesstlt lying within the Harbour.

ShiM in Distrefi M hare a Preference.

To prereat

throwing

Ballalt into the Harbour.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 47-

again to ralfe the fame, to such Sum or Sums of Money as he, she, or they shall think proper, not exceeding the Sums before-mentioned, as often as it shall be deemed necessary for the Interest of the said Undertaking.

XXIV. And, for the more orderly Government of the said Harbour, Wet Docks, and Basons, and for the better preserving the fame, and the Works to be made there by virtue of this Act, from Prejudice or Damage, as well as for the Accommodation of Ships or Vessels coming into or going out of the said Harbour, Wet Docks, or Basons; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour, for the Time being, and he, Ihe, and they is and are hereby authorized and empowered to nominate and appoint such Person as he, she, or they shall think proper, to be a Harbour Mailer, with such Annual Allowance or Salary, payable as he, lhe. or they shall think fit; and such Harbour Mailer shall from Time to Time order and require all and every Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vessel entering into, lying, being, or abiding within the said Harbour, Wet Docks, Basons, or any of them, to lie, anchor, moor, and ballalt such Ship or Vessel, in such proper Place or Places within the same as such Harbour Master shall assign or direct for those Purposes (having due Regard that to the belt of his Skill and Knowledge, such Ship or other Vessel shall be ordered to lie, anchor, moor, or ballad in a Place of Safety); and in case the Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of any such Ship or other Vessel shall refuse or neglect to obey the Orders so given, every Person so offending, for every such Refusal or Neglect, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel shall come into the said Harbour or Wet Docks, Basons, or any of them, in Didrefs or meet with any Misfortune in the said Harbour or Wet Docks, Basons, or any of them, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, or such Harbour Mader, upon Application made to him, her, or them by the Mader, Commander, or Owner of such Ship or Vessel, to give a Preference to such Ship or Vessel being in such Didrefs as aforesaid, both as to the Birth at the Piers or Quays, and as to the Course of discharging, to any other Ship or Vessel in the said Harbour, Wet Docks, or Basons; and that if any Mader or Commander of any Ship or Vessel lying in the said Harbour, Wet Docks, or Basons, or any of them, who mall refuse or neglect to remove his or their Ship or Vessel from its Birth, on being the reunto required by the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, or such Harbour Mailer, in favour of such Ship or Vessel in Didrefs as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Mader or Commander so refusing or neglecting shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons diall throw or empty any Ballad, Dud, Allies, or Rubbish, Shingle, Stones, or other Things, into the said Harbour or into the Entrance thereto, or the said Docks or Basons, or the Entrances thereto, or shall dig or take away or remove any Ballad, Shingle, Stones, or other Things therefrom,

7 to

849

48' GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

to toe Hurt and Prejudice of the said Harbour, Wet Docks, or Batons, or of any of the Works connected therewith, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, over and above all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of raking up and removing all such Ballad, Dud, Allies, Rubbish, Shingle, Stones, and other Things, and of repairing the Damage occasioned by the digging or taking awiy or removing such Ballad, Shingle, Stones, or other Things; and such Costs and Charges shall and may be recovered and levied by such Ways and Means as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may be recovered and levied by virtue oi this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall have Occasion to throw or cad out any Ballad from or out of any Ship or other Vessel upon any Quay, Pier, or Bread, in or belonging to the/aid Harliour, Wet Docks, or Batons, and shall not immediately cart and carry away, or cause the same to be carted and carried away to such Place or Places as the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, or Person or Persons acting by or under his, her, or their Authority, shall provide and appoint for the depositing fuc.h Ballad, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, ovrr and above all the Cods, Charges, and Expences of removing and carrying away such Ballad; and all such Cods, Charges, and Expences, shall and may be recovered by such Ways and Means as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may be recovered or levied by virtue of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall pack or cause to be packed upon any of the Piers, Quavs, or Breads of the said Harbour, Docks, or Batons, any Herrings or other Fish, such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously cur, break, or in any Manner destroy any Rope or other Thing by which any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, lying in the said Harbour, Docks, or Batons, shall be moored orfadened, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, besides paying the Damages thereby occasioned.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully or designedly demolilb, break down, dellroy, or let on Fire the said Wet Docks Piers, Quays, Wharfs, or any of them, or any the Works which shall be conib utted in, or which shall belong to the said Harbour, or shall wilfully do any Damage to any of the Shipping or Goods within the lame, or dull w lfully or designedly extinguish or put Out any of the Lights uied in or belonging to the said Harbour, for the Safety or Pro-tetlion or the Ships or other Vessels resorting to the fame, shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and the CoufJ^by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Personseto be transported for the Term

[Loc. y Per.~\ 1 of" of

Ballad to be removed f. om off the Quay*.

To pi event Fish from being packed on the C^uayi

Penalty for destroying Ropes of Vends,

Persons deploying the Works, to be deemed guilty of Felony.

nSo 4.80 GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

of Seven Years, or in Mitigation of Punishment may award Sentence of Fine or Imprisonment, at the Discretion of the Jud^e or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted.

cuunfabU^or

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Master or Owner of, or Oa.nages the Person or Persons having the Charge or Command of every Boat,

Banner ^arKe’ Ship, or VelTtl, lying or being within the said Harbour, shall

’ ‘ be, and he, she, and they is and are hereby made answerable for any

Trespass, Damage, Spoil, or Mischief. that shall be done by such Boar, Barge, Ship, or other Vessel, or by any of the Boatmen, Bargemen, Watermen, or Seamen, or other Person or Persons belonging to or employed in or about the fame respectively, to any of the Wharfs, Piers, or ether Works, maintained or repaired by virtue of this Act, either by the loading or unloading of any Boat, Barge, Sh’p, or other Vessel, or by any other Means whatsoever; and the Master or Owner of every such Boar, Barge, Ship, or other Vessel, shall for every such Trespass, Damage, Spoil, or Mischief, upon Conviction of any such his, her, or their Boatman, Bargeman, Waterman, Seaman, or other Person or Persons, before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Ayr, on the Oath of any credible W'itness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justfie is hereby authorized and required to administer) or on the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, forfeit and pay to the Party or Parties injured, such Damages, Satisfaction, and Compensatiin, as shall be ascertained, fixed, and determined by such Justice, provided that no such Damages, Satisfaction, or Compensation, shall exceed the Sum of 1 en Pounds, and shall also forfeit and pay to the Informer or Informers any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be settled and determined by such Justice; but in cate such Damages shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, then and in such Case the said Master or Owner of such Boat, Barge, Ship, or other Vessel, may be sued and prosecuted for futh Damages, Satisfaction, and Compensation. in the Court of Session, if the Defendant shall reside in Scotland, or in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster if the Defendant shall reside in England-, and if a Verdict or Judgment shall be given against him or her, either on Proof made, or by Default, or upon Demurrer, the Piaintift' in every such Case shall recover the Damages thereby iuitained, with full Costs of Suit.

M'Iters to

XXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That such Boatmen,

»oitment m Bargemen, Watermen, Seamen, and other Person or Persons, and each and every of them, shall be liable to repay such Damages, Satisfaction, and Compensation and Penalty, so ascertained, fixfed, and determined by such Justice, with the Costs of levying and recovering thereof, to such Master or Masters, Owner or Owners; and in case of Non-payment thereof upon Demand, and Oath made by such Master or Masters, Owner or Owners, of the Payment made by him, her, or them, of such Damages, Satisfaction, and Compensation or Penalty, and that the fame, and the Costs thereof, have or hath not been repaid to him, her, or them by such Bargemen, Boatmen, Watermen, or Seamen, or any of them, although demanded (such Oath to be made before any one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace) the Amount thereof shall be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is hereby directed to be levied and 5 recovered.

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 47. 851

recovered, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice or Justices.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and r n?«an<t, Forfeitures, imposed or inflicted by this Act, or which shall be imposed or inflicted by any Rule, Order, or Bye Law, to be made in pursuance r< ov.itd and thereof (the manner of levying and Recovery whereof is noc particularly app'-ed-herein directed) shall, in case of Nonpayment thereof, on Conviction of the Offender or Offenders respectively, be levied by Distress and Sale of the G iods and Chattels of the Ofender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand of any Justice of the Peace for the County, City, or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall be or reside, which Warrant furh Justice is hereby empowered and required to issue, upon the Confefli.m of the Party or Parties, or upon the Evidence of credible Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer) or upon such Proof as shall be competent by the Law of Scotland, and all Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties (the Application whereof is not herein particularly directed, shall be paid, one Moiety thereof to the Propr etor or Proprietors of the said Harbour for the Time being, and the other Moiety thereof to the Inlormer or Informers who shall sue for and recover the fame; and the Overplus of the Money (if any) arising by such Distress and Sale, after deducting such Fines,

Penalties, and Forfritu es, and the Expences of such Difir. fs and Sale, shall be rendered to 'he Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained; and for Want of sufficient Difbefs, and in case the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such F ne. Penalty, and Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Formof Conviction shall be had for liny Offence or Offences committed against Conviction this Act, or against any Bye L.aw, Rule, Order, or Regulation, made in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words, or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

Day of Reign of

T?E it remembered, That on this in the Year of the

A.B. is convicted before of His Majesty’s

Justices of the Peace for the o' having

[speefyir^ the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where commitied, n the Caje shall be~] contrary to an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled,

[hire Jet ffrth the Title of the Apf\ and I [or, we] the said Justice [or,

Justices] do a..judge him, [her, or, themj to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum ot Given under my

Hand [or, our Hands] the Day and Year aforesaid.’

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or _ s mj Ligitation, shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Rates glv-c"li*y

qj Ucncc*

85 2

Distr?f> not to >e deemed unlawful for want of Form.

Persons giving talfe Evidence, m > be in* dieted for Perjury.

Proceeding* not to be quashed for want of Form.

Appeal.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

or Duties?, or any of them, no Person or Persons acting by or.under the Authority of the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Paid Harbour for the Time being, in collecting the said Ra’es and Duties or any of them, shall be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dil'pute, Suit, or Litigation. by reason of his, her, or their being appointed to collect such Rates or Duties.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act the Distress itl'elf shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the lame be deemed a Tefpafler or Trespassers, on account of any Defect in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Warrant or Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties dif-training be deemed a Trespasser or Treipassers, ab initio, on account of any Irregu arity by him or them done or committed after such Distress made or taken, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may reeover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action or Suit brought for that Purpose.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall on his, her, or their Examination on Oath before any Justice or Justices, wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, such Person and Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains a* d Penalties as by any Law in force and effect Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict. Judgment, or other Proceeding, touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, Hull be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Advocation, Suspension, or by any other Process whatsoever, to the Court of Session; any Law or Statute thereof to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgment made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Order, or Bye Law made in pursuance of this Act, or by any other Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County or Place where the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, within Six Calendar Months next after such Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Thirty Days Notice at the least in Writing, of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, unto the Person or Persons appealed against, aind within Ten Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance or Bond of Caution before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal at, and abide the Order of, and to pay such Colls, as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Sections; and upon due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance or

Bond

48° GEORGII III. Cup.ifl, 853

Bond, shall hear and determine the Cause and Matter of loch Appeal, and may order any Money ro be returned as may have been levied in pursuance of any such Rule, Order, or Bye Law, and award such Colts to the Party appealing or appealed against:, and may also award fucfv further Sathfaction to the Party injured, as they shall think proper; and the Determination of the Justices at such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and eonclu-five to all Parties. 1 n

- ' 1 '9 iii yd v

XL. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be Limitation of commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done by virtue Action., or in pursuance of this Act, until Thirty Days Notice in Writing of an Intention to commence such Action, specifying the Cause thereof, shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or his or their known Agent, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Three Calendar Months next after the Faci committed; and every such Action to be had in England, shall be brought in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and shall be laid in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial so had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear so to be done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without Thirty Days Notice thereof, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and in all Cafes where a VerciiCt shall be found for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit,or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonlhited, or fuller a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defe dants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cafes of Law; and ev ery such Action to be had in Scotland shall be brought before the Court of Session in Scotland, and the Defender or Defenders in such Action or Suit ffrall and may deny the Libel, and plead that the lame w ms done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear so to be done, or if such Action and Suit fhJl be brought after the Time herein-before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought without ! hirty Days Noticethere-of, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, in every such Case the Defenderor Defenders shall be affoilzied; or if the Action shall be found irrelevant, or otherwise dismissed, or the Pursuer shall not prosecute the Action, or suffer the same to fall asleep, or if Judgement shall be given against the Pursuer or Pursuers, the Defender or Defenders shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defender or Defenders hath or have for Costs of Suit in any other Cafes of Law.

(tiff

XLI. Saving always, and reserving to all and every Person and Saving Rights Persons whomsoever, all such Right, Title, Estate, and Interest whatsoever, as they and every or any of them had and enjoyed before the passing of this Act, of, in, to, or out of any of the [Lee. & Per.J xoG Lands

$54

Public Act.]

4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

Lands and Grounds within the Limits of the said Harbour, which they or any of therti could or might have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

I'

SCHEDULE

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 47;

SCHEDULE to which this ACT refers.

A SCHEDULE or TABLE of RATES.

For every Boll of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Bear, or Bigg, Malt, Oats, Pease, Beans, Tares, and Rye Grass Seeds For every Ton of Wheat Flour -

For every Boll of Oatmeal, weighing 140 Pounds Avoirdupois -

For every Boll of Bear or Barley Meal, weighing 156 Pounds Avoirdupois -

For every Hundred Weight of Pot or Pearl Barley For every Hundred Weight of Split Pease ... For every Hundied Weight of Rice

For every Hundred Weight of Biscuit .... For every Barrel of Salted Beef, Pork, or other Provisions For every Half Barrel of Ditto -

For every Pipe, Puncheon, or Piece of Wine or Spirits And so in Proportion for every larger or smaller Calk of Ditto

For every Hogshead of Ale, Beer, or Porter

And so in Proportion for every larger or smaller Calk of Ditto.

For every solid Hogshead of Raw Sugar ... For every Hogshead or Package of Loaf or Lump Sugar, per Hundred Weight - For every Barrel wet or dry -

For every Half Barrel wet or dry - For every smaller Barrel (of whatever Denomination) wet or dry -

For every Vac packed with Goods -

For every Sugar Hogshead packed with Goods

For every smaller Calk packed with Ditto

Tallow, per Hundred Weight -

For every Bale or Truss of Goods, per Banel Bulk

For every Pack of Wool, Yarn or Cotton, per Hundred Weight -

For every Matt or Bale of dressed Flax, per Hundred Weight -

For every Matt or Bale of undressed Flax, per Hundred Weight -

For every Matt or Bale of Tow, per Ditto

9

s.

d.

© 1

2 o

o o^.

o o| o 2 o 2 o 3 o 4

Q 4 O 2’r 2 O

o 8

o 4 o 4

O 2±

0 2

1 8

i 6

o 8

0 3

o i-i

s 6

o 9

0 3

o 4

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

For every Hundred Weight of Iron wrought For every Hundred Weight of Iron unwrought Linen Yarn, per Hundred Weight Shells ol Fish, per Barrel

Coach or Cart Wheels, per Pair -

Live Cattle, for each Horse, Cow, or Ox For every Hundred Weight of Copper and Brass wrought For every Hundred Weight of Ditto unwrought For every Hundred Weight of Pewter wrought For every Hundred Weight of Lead For every Hundred Weight of Old Pewter For every Ton of Scots Coals

For every Ton of English Coals For every Ton of Duty paid Salt For every Ton of Salt for the Fishery, Duty free For every Hundred Weight of dried Cod, Ling, or Hake For every Barrel of wet Cod

For every Half Barrel of Ditto

For every Barrel of White or Red Herrings For every Half Barrel of Ditto

And so for smaller Calks in Proportion.

For every Batrel of Lime Shells, the Barrel containing 32 Gallons English Wine Measure For every Boll of flacked Lime, Ditto Measure For every Barrel of Salmon

For every Half Barrel of Ditto -

For every Kitt of Ditto -

For every One Hundred Balks or Fir Quarters (of 120) Five Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square, or of 24 Feet in length or upwards

For every One Hundred Ditto under Five Inches Square, under Twenty-four Feet, and not under Fifteen Feet in length -

For every One Hundred ditto under Fifteen Feet in length - For every One Hundred Battens Eight Feet in length, and not exceeding Twenty Feet in length For every One Hundred Ditto exceeding Twenty Feet in length -

For every One Hundred Batten Ends under Eight Feet in length -

For every Load of hard Wood containing 50 Solid Feet For every Hundred Deals exceeding Twenty Feet in length, and exceeding Four Inches in thickness For every Hundred Ditto, not exceeding Four Inches in thickness -

For every Hundred Ditto beifi^ Eight Feet, and not exceeding 20 Feet in length, and exceeding Three Inches One Quarter in thickness -

s. d

0 2

0 1

0 9

0 ol

0 6

0 6

0 4

0 4

0 2

0 2

0 4

6 6

1 8

0 5

0 1

<s 2

0 H

0 2

0

0 1

0 °i

0 6

0 4

0 1

>5 O

7 6

5 0

2 0

3 0

1 0

1 6

4 6

3 6

2 0

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

*57

For every Hundred Ditto not exceeding Three Inches One Quarter in thiekness, and above Two Inches For every Hundred Deals tlot exceeding Two Inches in thick-ness ..

For every Hundred Deal Finds being under 8 Feet, and exceeding 3 Inches One Quarter in thiekness For every Hundred Ditto, Ditto, not exceeding 3 Inches One Quarter in thiekness -

For every Load of Fifty Cubic Feet of Fir Timber, Eight Inches Square and upwards -

For every Hundred TIandfpikes under Seven Feet in length For every Hundred Ditto Seven Feet in length dr upwards For every Hundred Oak Knees under Five Inches Square - For every Hundred Ditto Five Inches Square, and under Eight Inches Square -

For every Fathom of Lathwoqd -

For every Mall Six inches in Diameter, add under Eight Inches -

For every Mall Eight Inches in Diameter, and under Twelve Inches -

For every Mad Twelve Inches in Diameter or upwards For every Load containing Fifty Cubic Feet of Oak Plank, Two Inches thick or upwards -

For fcVery Load of Oak Timber Eight Inches Square or upwards -

For every Hundred Oars

For every Hundred Spars under Twenty-two Feet in length, and under Four Inches in Diameter Dor every Hundred Ditto Twenty-two Feet in length, or upWards, and under Four Inches in Diapieter Fbr every Hundred Spars Four Inches in Diameter, and under SiX Inches -

For eVtry Hundred Spars Six Inches in Diameter or upwards For every Hundred Spokes fot Wheels nbt exceeding Two Feet in length -

For every Hundred Ditto exceeding Two Feet in length For every Hundred Birch Bails

For every Hundred Fir Crops

For fevery Hundred Staves not exceeding Three Feet in length, nor above Three Inches in thiekness F6r every Hundred Ditto above Three Feet, and not exceeding Fifty Inches in length -

F6r every Hundred Ditto above Fifty Inches, and not exceeding Sixty Inches in length -

For every Hundred Ditto above Sixty Inches, and not exceeding Seventy-two Inches in length -

For every Hundred Ditto above Seventy-two Inches in length, and not above Three Inches in thiekness £Z4r. & Per.7] to H

X. J.

1 8

2 0

1 6

2 0

2 0

2 6

3 6

0 2

0 3

2 6

1 6

0 Ir

0 2

0 4

0 6

0 9

858

48° GEORGGII III. Cap. 47.

For every Load of Wainscot Log, Eight Inches Square or upwards -

For every Ton of Oak, Birch, or other Bark For every Bundle of Wood Hoops, containing One Hundred and Twenty -

And so in Proportion.

For every Miin Stone -

For every Grindftone -

For every Thousand Bricks

For every Thousand Tiles -

For every Thousand Sl.tes -

For every One Hundred Feet of drefTtd Freeftone superfkial Measure

For every Ton of Rough Freeftone For every Ton of Marble -

For every Ton of Whin or Ruble Stone -

For every One Hundred Feet of Flat Paving Stones or Flags, superfkial Measure ..

For every Trunk, Chest, or Box, a Barrel Bulk For every Small Bundle or Parcel -

For every Bag of Hops -

For every Pocket of Hops -

For every Hundred Weight of Butter '

For every Hundred Weight of Cheese For every Barrel of Train or FishOil

And so in Proportion for every greater or fnialler Calk of Ditto.

For every Barrel of Pitch or Tar -

For every Bushel of Apples or Pears

For every Bushel of Onions

For every Chest of Lemons or Oranges

For every Boll of Potatoes -

For every Hundred Weight of Hemp dressed For every Hundred Weight Ditto undressed For every Hundred Weight of Cordage For every Ton of Kelp-_ -

Fcr every Hundred Weight of Pot, Pearl, or Wood Allies - For every Ox, Cow, or Horse Hide, raw For Ditto tanned, per Barrel -

For Goat, Calf, Sheep, or Lamb Skins, per Barrel Bulk For every Ton of Plaister Hair -

For every Thousand Nolt Horns -

For every Bag of Feathers of Fifty-six Pounds And so in Proportion.

For every Crate of Glal's Ware, per Barrel Bulk

For every Crate of Earthenware, large

For - - Ditto - small -

For every Range or Grate, large -

For - Ditto - - small

/. d.

2 0

I t>

2 6

1 0

4 0

0 1

0 6

0 6

0 1

1 0

0 8

0 4

0 3

0 4

0 4

0 I

0 1

0 6

0 1

0 4

0 2

0 4

0 2

0 or

0 4

0 4

1 0

1 0

0 6

0 4

0 6

0 3

0 6

0 3

4S9 GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

859

Barrel Bulk

%: '.it ufit Sudan1 ' - '

For every Chest of Drawers, double "1 For every - Ditto - Angle j ’

For every Mahogany or other Chair For every* Dining Table, per Barrel Bulk For every Billiard Table For every Card or Pembroke Table")

For every other Table - -|

For every Bedltead - I

For every Sopha - - - (

For every Harpsichord -

For every Spinet or Pianoforte - J

For every Gross of empty Bottles, in Bulk

For Wine in Bottles, per dozen -

For every empty Hogshead -

For every empty Barrel -

And so in Proportion for every larger or smaller Calk.

For Lumber, and every other Article not before specified in this Table, at the Rate of One Penny Halfpenny for every Shilling Freight, and in that Proportion.

1 to'>]

6

1

1

,1 , n'l 1:1

LONDON: Printed by George Etre and Andrew Strakan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 48.

An Act for making a Navigable Cut from the East Side of the River Tees, near Stockton, into the said River near Portrack, in the County of Durham; and making various other Improvements in the Navigation of the said River between the Town of Stockton and the Sea.

[27 th May 1808.]

WHEREAS the Borough or Town of Stockton, in the County of Durham, is ft u ue upon the River Tees, which River is capable of being rendered much more commodious than at present for the Pufposes of Trade, both foreign and domestic, by making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal across a certain Isthmus or Neck of Land, situate in the Parish or and within she't).fiance of Five Furlongs from the Town of Stockton aforesaid, by Means whereof the Coutle of the said River will be considerably’shirtentd, and a certain Bend or Winding in the pr< f nt Channel of the said River, lying between Stockton aft'relaid and Portrack in the said County, aner extending Two Miles and a Half in Length or thereabouts, and of very difficult and dangerous Navigation, will be cur off and rtndered unneccfT.iry far Ships or Vessels trading to and from the Port of Stockton aforesaid; and the said River i- alf) ctpable if much further Improvement by feduring, cleaning, deepening, and otherwise improving such Part Or Parts thereof as herein-aftrr mentioned, and establishing certain necessary Regulations [Lw. &Per.~\ 10 / concerning

4.8* GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

concerning the Trade and Navigation thereof, all which Me.ris will conduce to the Benefit and Advantage of the Port and Town of Stvkton aforesaid, and >9 the Extension and Increase of the Trade, Navigation, and Commerce of the United Kingdom; and forasmuch as a very considerable Expence will be incurred in making and maintaining the said Navigable Cot or Canal, and in deepening, widening, clean frig, or otherwise improving such Part or Parts of the said River Tees as hertin-after mentioned, and in preftrving the fame when so improved, and in carrj ing into Execution the several Powers or Authorities necessary for completely effectuating the said propafed Alterations and Improvements or connected therewith; and as great Inconvenience, Delay, and Damage which Ships and Vessels now navigating the said River are exposed to for Want of such Alterations and Improvements will be thereby removed; it is reasonable that the Sums necessary to defray such Expence Ih mid be paid by the Owners and Mailers of Ships and Vessels trading to and from the said River Tees: And whereas the several Purposes aforesaid cannot beefs cled without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please your M jpfly, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's mull Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Wat fan Alcock, James Alkin'on, John Atkinson, Jonathan Backhcufe, Thomas Binks, Robert Bote her by, John Barker, the Executors of Anthony Bofomworth deceased, James Crowe, Robert Christopher, Matthew Crowe, John Christopher,‘Thenas Christopher, George Coates, Ann Eeles, Thomas Farmer, Thomas FII, Christopher Fowler, Benjamin Flounders, Thomas Fawell, George Gib-Jon, William Gent, Mary Gregory, Thomas Hubback, Thomas yennett, John Janfan the younger, James Johnson, John Lodge, Harrington Lee, Thomas Meynell, Richard Miles, Jhn Pr after, Messieurs Pro ft or and Bentham, Michael Pease, Edward Pease, Franch Richardson R.chmond, Joshua Reeve, Sir Martin Stapylton Baronet, Henry Stapy/ton, George Snowdon, John Stagg, William Sharpe, IJiiqc Step/jcnfon,' William Stamper, Richard Stonehouse, Cuthbert Sharpe, Timothy Sparke, Edward TcJbunter, James Taylor, Bright Wajs, William JVetherell, Matthew Wadefon, and the several and respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns of the Person and Persons herein-before named, and all'o such other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, as shall at any Time hereafter be possessed of One or more Share or Shares in the said Navigation and Undertaking, and the several and respective Executors, Administrators, Successorj, and Assigns of such Person or Persons, Body or BodiesPolitic, Corporate or Collegiate, shall be and they are hereby united into a Company for the carrying on, making and completing, and maintaining the said intended Navigable Cut or Canal, passable for Ships and other Vessels, and the other Works, Undertakings, and Improvements hereby authorized or directed to be made according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions hereinafter expressed, and shall for that Purpose be One Body Politic and Corpora^, by the Name and Stile of The Tees Navigation Company, and by that Name shall have perpetual Succession, and shall hare a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued; and that the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors shall and may have Power and Authority to purchase or take in Exchange Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to them and their Successors and Assigns, for the Use of the fame Naviga-6 tton

863

4$* GEORGII HJ. 48,

tion and Undertaking, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain; and that it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, and they are hereby empowered from and after the passing of this Act, by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Officers, Workmen, Servants, or Assistants} to shorten, facilitate, improve, and suppott the Navigation of the said River Tees, trom the Bridge across the said River at Stccklon aforesaid to the Junction of the said River with the Sea; and for that Purpose to make, compleat, maintain, and keep Navigable and passable for Ships and other Vessels trading to and from the Port ot Stockton aforesaid a Cut or C^naf communicating at both Ends with the River Teet between Stockton antj Portrack aforesaid, and to be cut and made through or across a certain Isthmus or Neck of Land belonging to or reputed to belong to William Todd, of Pickbill, in the County of Denbigh, Gentleman, and being Parr of certain Closes, Pieces, or Parcels of Ground, situate in the Parish oif Stockton aforesaid, and called or known by the Name of The Holmes (and which said Isthmus cr Neck of Land is bounded on both Sides by the Lid River Tees, and extends in Breadth Two hundred Yards or thereabouts) in the Lines or Directions expressed in the Map or Plan hereinafter mentioned, and to cause the said intended Cut or Canal to become and ever after the same shall be made to continue the Channel of the said River, the old Channel of the said River being r.everiliclcfs deemed to be a Creek or Inlet appertaining to the said River; and the said Company of Proprietors and their Successbis are hereby fully empowered by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, or Servants, to cleanse , scour, cut, dig, open, deepen, straiten, or otherwise improve any Part or Parts of the River Tees, wiih its Creeks and Inlets lying in or within or bar* dering or adjoining upon the several Townships or Fariffics of Stockioh B'.llingham, Coopen, Bewley, Greatham, Seaton, Carew, and Stranton, in the said County of Durham; and Thornaby, Stajrjby, Stdinton, Adorn, Lin* thorpe, MHdleJbrough, Qrmr/by, Normanby, Efton, Lackenby, Laze a by, fVH-ton, KirkleatbaviylVeft Coaibam, and East Coat bam, in the County of York, of any of them, or elsewhere between the said Bridge at Stockton aforesaid and the Junction of the said River with the Sea, which they shall think proper and capable of being rendered more commodious for the Purposes of Navigation; and also the several Cuts, Brooks, or Streams communicating with any Part of the said River Tees, between its Jqpftion with the Sea and the said Bridge at Stockton aforesaid, or lying contiguous thereto, and capable of being made to communicate; therewith; and Fd'r that Purpose to dig, cut through, blsft, or otherwise to ripiove and destroy all or any of the Rocks, Shoals, Shallows, Mud and Sand Banksd and other Ooftruftions which now arc or shall or may be af any Time or Times hereafter situate, lying, or being at or near the Bar or Mouth of the said River Tees, or in any Part or Parts of the Channel or Bed of the lame River, and hindering or obstructing. the Entrance faf any Ship or Vessel into the said River from the Sea, or the Progress and Navigition of any Ship or Vessel in any Part or Parts of the said River between KsJunction with the Sea and the said Bridge at Stockton aforesaid, which the said Company of Proprietorsor their Successors shall think capableof being removed or destroyed as aforesaid, and the Removal or Dcih uftion whereof shall be thought expedient for the Improvement of the Navigation of the said River Tees j and for the better cffcfttiating the Purposes aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, Agents, Officers

Workmen,

powerto make Cut, &c.

4.86 GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Workmen,’and Servants, are hereby empowered to go, enter, and piss in* upon, over, under or through the Lands and Grounds, Brooks, Streams, Waters, Highways, Roads, Passages, Street', Commons, and all other Lands or Hates of or belonging to the King’s Most excellent Majesty, His He'-s or Successors, or any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or C"llegiate, whatsoever, and to let out and ascertain such Part or Parts thereof as they the said Comp.mv of Proprietors or their Successors shall think proper, neerflary or convenient for making, compleating, maintaining, using, and improving the said Cut or Canal, and other Works and Conveniences, or for more easily carrying intoE&i.ft any of the Purposes of this Act, and to bore, die, tur, trench, and ftiugr, and to remove and lay upon any of the adjoinining Grounds, the Earth, Ciav, Stone, Rubbish, Trees, Roots < f i rees, Gravel or Sand, or any other Matters or Things which may be dug or gotten in the making of the find Cut or Canal, or which may prevent or obstruct the making, corrplcating, maintaining, using, or improving the lame, or which may be dug or gotten in the cleansing, scouring, opening, deepen ng, or oih-rwife improving such Part or Parts of the said River Tees as shall or may be scoured, cleaned, opened, dee[eneJ, or otherwise improved as aforesaid, or in carrying into Execution any other of the Purposes of this Act; and also to make all such other Works and Dr vices as and wherever the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors shall think requifre for the several Purposes of this Act; and also from Time to Time to divert, alter, repair, widen, enlarge, and amend or difeondnue the lam-, and to make and maintain any Carriage, Horse, or other Road or Reads, Way or Ways, Path or Prths, to and from the said Cut or Canal, and any other Works or Conveniences of or belonging to the said Cut or Canal, and other Works respectively, as shall Item necessary or proper for the making, erecting, finishing, altering or repairing, maintaining, and tifing the said Cut or Canal, and other Works for the Improvement of the said Naviga-lion, and for carrying Goods and other Aiticles and Things to and from the said Cut or Canal, and also to place, lay, woik, and manufacture any Materials where found, or adjoining to the Place or Places where the said Works or any of ihem are intended to be made, erected, repaired, or done; and also to dig, take, and carry away for the Use of the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, any Soil, Clay, Gravel, Rubble, or any other Stone which may be proper or convenient for making a^J strengthening the said Cut or Canal and other Wotks, and also for repairing, supporcing, maintaining, using, and improving the lame, and for effectuating any other of the Purposes of this Act, in or from the Grounds of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, adjuin-ing or lying contiguous or convenient thereto, or in or from any other Lands or Grounds situate, lying, or being within the several Townships or Parishes of Stockton, Bill't ogham, Coopen, B.wley, Greathnm, Seaton, Carew, Stranton, Thomaby, Staiojby, Stainton, Acklam, Linthorpe, Middle trough, Ormesby, Normanby, E/ton, Laekenby, Lazenby, [Tilton, Kitklca-tham, West Coatbam, and East Coo!bam, aforesaid, or any of them, and to construct, erect, alter, and repair any such Jetties, Dams, Mounds, or other Works or Contrivances in any Part or Parts of the said Cut or Canal, or in any Part or Parts of the said River Tees, between the said Bridge at Stockton aforesaid, and the Junction of the said River with the Sea, as they the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors shall think necessary or proper for the Purposr of straightening and confining the Current or

Stream

48s* GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 865

Stream of the said River, or for tire Purpose of diverting the fame 6r the Water thereof from any Parc of its present Channel or Bed, fuuate, lying, or being between the upper and lower Outlet of the said intended Cut or Canal, and conducting or causing the same to run through the said intended Cut or Canal, or for carrying into Effect any other of the Purposes of this Act 5 and also to construct and erect, do and perform, all and all Manner of other Matters and Things whatsoever, which shall be deemed necessary or convenient by the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors for the malting, compleating, using, preserving, and improving the said Cut or Canal and the Works connected therewith, and for cleansing, scouring, deepening, (tightening, and otherwise improving the Navigation of such Part or Parts of the said River Tees as hereinbefore mentioned, or for carrying into Effect any other of the Purposes of this Act in pursuance and within the true Intent and Meaning thereof, they the said Company of Proprietors and their SuCcclTors, Agents, Deputies*

Officers, Workmen, and Servants doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the several Powers to them hereby granted, and making Satisfaction in Manner herein-after mentioned for all such Damages as shall be sustained by the Owners or Occupiers of and other Persons in-ttrested in the Lands and Hereditaments, Waters and Watercourses, which shall be taken or used on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, or which shall be prejudiced, damaged, injured, or affVfted by the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, and their and every of their Deputies, Servants, Workmen, and all other Persons, for what they or any of them shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted, or any of them.

II. And whereas a Survey has been taken to ascertain the Practicability ^ooiTo" of making the said Cut or Canal, and a Map or Plan describing the Line Reference to of the said Cut or Canal, and the Lancs through which the fame is intended rem!^n witl’ to be made, together with a Book of Reference containing a List of the EhePe'ce,° Names of the Owner or reputed Owner and Occupier of such Lands, have subject to been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County lnfPection* of Durham-, be it therefore enacted, That such Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall remain in the Ctistody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Durham, and that ail Persons shall at any seasonable Times have Liberty to inijpeft and peruse the fame, or make Copies of the fame, as Occasion shall require, at their Will and Pleasure, paying to the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for each such Examination, and the Sum of Sixpence lor every such Copy.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors Plan»"»to be or their Success.rs in making the said intended Cut or Canal, shall not w/hout the" deviate more than Fifty Yards from the Course or Ditcftion de- Content of lineated in the said Map or Plan and set forth in the said Book of Land/* of Reference.

IV. And be it further enacted, That such Embankments as shall be ComI'nn7 made by the said Company of Proprietors for (lopping the present Course muntrinEm* of chesaid River Tees, shall be for ever maintained, repaired, anti upheld, at the foie Costs rnd Ch rges of the said Company of Proprietors and Exutnoc? their Successors.

[Lee. fc? Per.]

10 K

866

Bodies Politic, &c. empowered to fell.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

V. And be it further enacted, That after any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be so set out and ascertained as aforesaid for making the said Cut or Canal, or any Part thereof, and for providing and constructing the other Works and Conveniences herein mentioned, or any of them, or for any other of the Purposes of this Act, it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations, Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Tail, Ilufbands, Guardians, Feoffees in Trust, Trustees for charitable Purposes, Committees, Executors, Administrators, Attornies, and all other Trustees or Persons whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves and their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trulls, whether Infants, Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Feme Covens, Persons beyond the Seas, or other Person or Persons incapable of acting for themselves, and to and for all Feme Coverts who are or fli*11 be seized, possessed, or intertfled in their own Right, or intitled to Dower or other Interest therein, and for every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is or are or shall be seized, possessed of, or interested in any Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, which shall be so set out and ascertained for the Purposes of this Act, to contract: for, fell, or convey the fame, and every Part thereof, unto the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, or to agree with the said Company of Proprietors Or their Successors, for any Recompence to be made for the Lands, Tenement';, or Hereditaments, to be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, or for the Compensation and Satisfaction for Damage which maybe done to any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act; and if it shall happen that by making the said Cot or Canal, or the Roads, Works, or other Conveniences and Improvements hereby authorized to be made, the Property of any Land Owner or Land Owners shall be separated or divided so as to separa’.e any Messuage, Dwelling House, or Farm House, Stables, Sheds, or other Conveniences, from any Part of the Farm Lands or Hereditaments held therewith, or otherwise to render the Occupation thereof inconvenient, it shall be lawful lor all such Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, or other Person or Persons as atorefad, if they shall think proper so to do, to contract for, fell, and dispose of all or any Part of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so separated and divided either to the said Company of Proprietors or to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Price or Prices in Money or other Equivalent as to such Person or Persons so contracting to sell the same shall seem reasonable, provided nevertheless that no such Sale as shall be made under or by virtue of this Power to any Person ct Persons whomsoever slave and except the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors) shall be made without the Consent and Approbation of the Commissioners hereby appointed, or any Five or more of them, to be testified in Writing under their Hands, either at any Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held by virtue of this Ac, or otherwise howsoever; and all such Sales, Conveyances, and Assurances shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatllevor, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding, and all Perlor.s, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whomsoever, so conveying, are hereby indemt.iSgd lor or in respect of any such Sale which he, she, or they, or any of than, shall respectively make by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, and all such'

8 - ChntAfts,

48° GEORGII :m' Cap. 48. S67

Contrafts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, and Assurance?, as shall be made to the said Company of Proprietors, or their SuccefTo s, udder or by virtue of any of the Powers Or Authorities of this , ft, shall be made at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, or thqir Successors,^and according to the following form, or as near thereto as may be, videlicet:

I A.B. of in Considerrtion of the Sum of to me

‘ paid by the Tecs Navigation Company, the Receipt whereof is hue- company of

by acknowledged, or in Consideration of the Annual Rent of Proprietors.

to me to be hereafter yielded and paid by Yearly or H.ilf-

yearly Payments (as may be agreed upon) by the Tees Navigation Coty-‘ pany, for certain Lands and Hereditaments situate in

conveyed to me by the Tees Navigation Company, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, bearing even Date herewith, do hereby, grant and

release to the said Company and their Successors, all ['defending the Ptf-

tni/es] to be conveyed] to hold to the said Company and their Successors

and Assigns for ever, by virtue of and according to the true Intent

and Meaning of a certain Act of Parliament passed in the Forty-eighth

Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

[i' fert the Title of this Act] In Witness whereof I have hereto set my

Hand and Seal the Day of in the Year of

our Lord

And if the Premises are Lrafehold for Years, they shall be assigned by a Form answerable to the above, only substituting the Words applicable to the Assignment of a Chattel; which said Conveyances, Alignments and Assurances, so made to the said Company < f Proprietors as aforesaid, shall be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time when reqtiefted, deliver attested Copies thereof to any Person or Persons requesttng the fame, and (bail have and receive Sixpence for every One Hundred Words of each such attelfecl Copy, and so in Proportion for any less Number of Words; and every fuclr Conveyance as aforesaid which shall Ire made to any Person or Persons whomsoever, other than and except the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, shall be according to the following Fotm:

I A.B. of do hereby, by virtue and in purfuar.ee of a Form of Con-'

certain Act of Parliament passed in the Forty-eighth Year of che ve'’an«-

Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, I’ntituled, [insert the Title 01 Kl ‘ 1 °‘,s'

cf this Act], and by and with the Consent and Approbation of Five or

more of the Comtr.issioners appointed under or by virtue of the said Act,

trftified by their Signatures hereto, and in Con fide rat.on of the Sum of to mein Hand paid by C.D. at or before the Sealing and Delivery or these Prefijncs, the Receipt whereof

I do hereby acknowledge, grant and rdeafe to the IVui C.D.

all \dsscribe the Premises] to hold to the said C. D.

‘ his Heirs and Assign, lor ever. As Witness my Hand and Seal

, this Day of

And if the Prtmifes are I.eafehold for Years, they shall be assigned by a Form answerable to the above, o;,;y substituting the W. rds applicable to the AUigrirrent of a Chattel*

868

Sower to

Company of Proprietor! to fell Lanili, &c. not wanted.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

VI. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That al! Contrafts, Agreements, Bargains, and Sales, of or concerning any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be Copyhold or Customary, or of the Nature of Copyhold, shall be executed and complered by Surrender thereof in the Court of the Manor of which the fame ate holden or Parcel, according to the Custom of such Manor, and such Lands. Tenements, or Hereditaments shall continue subject to the fame Fines, Rents, and Services as arc due and payable and of Right accustomed in the same manner as if this Act had not been made, unless the Lord or Lords, Lady, or Ladies of the Manor for the Time being shall be desirous of enfranchising the fame, in which Cafe such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies notwithstanding Coverture and whether foie or married, is and are hereby empowered so to do notwithstanding he, she, or they shall be seized of or entitled to the fame Manor for a ,efs Interest than an Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple; but in as much as the vesting and continuing of such Copyhold or Customary Premises in the said Company as a Body Corporate would prevent such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies from receiving such Benefit of Fines, Heriots, and other Services due upon Death, Descent, or Alienation rn like manner as he, (lie, or they would have done in case such Copyhold or Customary Premises had continued to be the Property1} of Persons in their natural Capacities; and in case the said Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manor shall decline to enfranchise the respective Parcels of Copyhold or Customary Land held or Parcel of the said Manor which shall be purchased by or vested in the said Company for the Purposes aforesaid, he or they shall be entitled to and shall be paid by the said Company a readable Recompence and Satisfftion for the Loss that will arise to him or them in resptft to such Fines, Heriots, and other Services, the Enjoyment of which shall be diminished or loft by the vesting and continuing of such Copyhold or Customary Premises in a Body Corporate, which Recompence and Satisfaction and also the Appointment or} Apportionment of the certain Copyhold or Customary Rents issuing out of such Copyhold or Customary Tenements of which a Part only shall be taken for any of the Purposes of this Act, if not settled by Agreement between the Parties, shall be ascertained and settled by the Commissioners hereby appointed in such Manner and subject tu such Verdict of a Jury if requited as is herein-after dirtfted.

VII. And whereas, in order to carry into effect the Purposes of this Act and to avoid Disputes with the Owners of Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments which may be thereby injured or affected, the said Company of Proprietors may purchase Lands, Buildings, or Hereditaments not necessary to be made ul'e of for the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to left and dispose of and by Indenture under their common Seal absolutely to grant and convey such Part or Parts of the Lands or Hereditaments which lh .11 be so purchased by and conveyed to the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, and as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and also to lay out and appropriate any Part of the said Lands and Premises as and for a Way and Ways, Avenue or Avenues, Passage or Passages, and that all such Conveyances from the said Company of Proprietors shall be valid and effectual, any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Rents,

or

4B9 GEORGII ill. Cap. 48. 8^9

or Premises, or any Part or Parcels thereof, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the same shall be fold, which Receipts shall be sufficient Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for which such Lands, Rents, or Premises shall be fold* or for so tnuch thereof respectively as in such Receipts shall be expressed to be received, and such Person or Persons shall not be answerable for any Losses, Misapplication, or Nonapplication of such Purchase or other Money or any Part thereof: Provided always, that the such lands to said Company of Proprietors before they shall sell or dispose of such Lands and Hereditaments, shall first offer to resell the same to the Per- ther* ifon$ (on or Persons from whom they shall have purchased the fame, and in case such Person or Persons shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to repurchase the fame, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Lands or Hereditaments shall lie, by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, Rating that such Offer was made by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame wis so made, shall be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made, as the Case may be.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Conveyances to be mtde by the said Company of Proprietors under or by virtue or in pursuance of the f veral Powers and Authorities to them hereby given, the Word Grant shall amount to and be confirmed and adjudged in all C iurts of Judicature to be express Covenants to the Grantee or other Purchaser>, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, from the said Company of Proprietors for themselves and their Successars, thac they the said Company of Proprietors, notwithstanding any Act done by them, were at the Time of the Execution of such Conveyance seised of the Hereditaments and Premises thereby granted of an indefeasible Efl ue of Inheritance in Fee Simple, free from all Incumbrances for quiet Enjoyment thereof against the said Company of Proprietors, their Succtfiors and Assigns, and all claiming under them indemnified and fai^d hatm-less by the said Company of Proprietors and their Succrffors from all Incumbrances committed by the said Company, and also for farther Assurance of such Hereditaments and Premises thereby granted to be made by the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Affigm, and all claiming under them, unless the same shall be restrained and limited by express particular Words contained in such Conveyances, or any of the.n, and that such Purchasers or Grantees, and his, her, and their several Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns fespectively, shall and may in any Action or Actions to be brought, allign a Breach or Breaches thereupon, as they might do in case such Covenants were expressly inserted in fudi Conveyances respectively.

The wor\

Cirant, in Co iveyit ce« from the Com-pa y of lJro-pri tors to au d int to ce:ian Covenants.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of Appix-tlon Money which shall be had, received, and taken by the said Company of lh,fc Proprietor as the Consideratior. of any such Salc as aforesaid, shall be paid, it vCu by the applied, and disposed of in such and the like Manner as the Rates and c°'nPai>y. [Loc. iP Per.J xo L Duties

87°

Directing Works to be made for securing the Dar.ds of Tho.n s Huftlcr, Ef'j. ffim Dumrige by the New Cut.

In case ‘he Co pany shall iiegl-ct to make the Works, Mr. Haiti*' may make hem at the Exp-lice of the Company.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.-48.

Duties on Tonnage charged or imposed by this present Act are hereby directed to be paid, applied, and disposed of.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors and their Smceflors do and shall, and tliev are hereby directed und required, at their own C >fts and Charges, immediately after the said Cut or Canal shall have been made and the Water admitted through the fame, and before the First Day Ot OJIobir in the Year in which the said Cut or; Canal shall be made, to raiftr, erect, and make, or cause to be raised, ceded, and made in and upon certain Lands commonly called or known by the Ntmeof the Holmes, belonging to Thomas Huftl.r of /Itklam, in the fai.i County of York, Esquire, opp dite to the Eflt End or the said intended Cut or Canal, such Jetties, Embankments, Dam', Mounds, and other Works, as in the Judgement and Opinion of Two sufficienc Engineers, One to be ehofen by the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, and the other by the said Thomas Hujl er, his Heirs or Assigns, or the Owner or Owneisf-r the Time being of the said Lands called the Holmes, shall be suffi ient for the Purpose of protect ng and defending the said Lands called the Himes, from be ng at any Time overflowed, flooded, penetrated, worn away, or damaged in any Manner whatsoever by the Stream or Current of Water flowing or rc flowing through the said intended Cut or Canal; and also all such other Dams and Works as shall effeduul-1; pi event the other Lands and Groundsttf the said Thomas Hujller, now adjoining the River Tees, and lying to the South of the said Lands called the Holmes, from being overfl wed, flooded, worn away, or damaged by the Flux and Reflux of the Tide in the present Channel of the said River, so far as such Damage shall be derivable from the Alteration intended to be made in the CourTe of the said River; and that the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors do and (half, at their own Costs and Charges from Time to Time as olten as Occasion shall require, and more especially after Notice given 10 the Clerk for the Time being of the said Company by the said Thomas Hujller, his Heirs or Assigns, or the Owner or Owners fgr the Time being of any of h s said Lands and Grounds, or his or their Tenant or Tenants, that the said Works made for the Protection and Defence of the said Lands of the said Thomas Hujller, or any of them or any Part thereof, have been broken down or damaged, or are in want of Re-par don, immediately and without Delay well and effectually restore, repair, amend, uphold, suppo»t, and maintain the fame Works, so as to make and continue the fame adequate for the Protection an 1 Defense of the Lands and Grounds of the said Thomas Hu/lUr from every Damage and Injury as herein-before mentioned.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if the said Company of Proprietors shall refule or neglect well and effectually to restore, repair, amend, uphold, support, and maintain the said Works in Manner aforesaid, for the Space of One Week next after such Notice given as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Thomas Hujller, his Heirs and Assigns, or such Owner or Owners for the Time being as afo e-saul, to restore, repair, amend, uphold, hipporr, and maintain the said Works, so as to make them a lequate for the Protection and Defence of such Lands and Grounds from the Damage and Injury herein-before mentioned; and that the said Company shall pay and reimburse to the said Thomas Hujller, his Heirs or Assigns, or such Owner or Owners as

aforesaid.

47G£ORGII III. Cap. 48. 871

aforesaid, the Expences by them or any of them incurred in and about die restoring, repairing, amending, upholding, supporting, and maintaining the said Works in Manner aforesaid, on Demand for that Purpose made in Wdting, and delivered to the Clerk for the Time being of the said Company.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if the said Company shall neglect Pow?r to or r- fufc to pay and reimburse to the Did Thomas Hujiler, his Heirs or

AlTigns, or such Owner or Owners as aforesaid, for the Space of One cur "el by Mr. Calendar M >nth nexc after such Demand made and delivered as afore- Hulller-said, all fitch Expences so by him or them incurred as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Thomas Hujiler, his Hems or AITigris, or such Owner or Owners as aforesaid, to appoint a Receiver of the Tonnage Rates or Duties arising by virtue of the Act, and to take and receive such Tonnage Rates or Duties for his or rheir own Use, until he or they shall hive received full-Satisfaction for the said Expences so by them or any of them incurred as aforesaid, with Imereft for the fame at and after the Rate of Five per Cent, per Annum; or otherwise to raise by Morrgage of the said Tonnage Rates and Duties, (such Mortgage bring made by Deed under the Hand and Seal of the said Thomas Hujiler, his Heirs or Assigns, or such Owner or Owners as aforesaid) a Sum or Sums of Money equal to the Expences so by him or them incurred in or about the Premises, together with the Interest as aforesaid then due for the fame; and further, that such Receiver so appointed as aforesaid, or fuih Mortgagee of the Tonnage Rates or Duties, or

his Assigns, shall be entitled to receive the said Tonnage Rates and

Duties, ur.til complete Satisfaction of such Expences or Payment of such Sums of Money so raised determined by Mortgage of the said Tonnage Rates and Duties as aforesaid; and the Powers of the Receiver or Collector, to be appointed by the said Company shall during such Time be suspended.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Right Comr*nf3tion

Honourable Lord Harewood, Baron of Harewocd in the County of York, ^r* Har'-1* his Heirs or Assigns, and his or their Tenant or Tenants, or the *w>od ami

Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of, or other Person or Per* 'f^pr'u

fons who shall or may be interested in a certain Wind Corn Mill, peny maybe Granaiy, Storehouse, and other Buildings and Premises situate, lying, [’hye

or being at or near a certain Place called Mandate in the Parish of Cat, & Stainton aforesaid, and near to or adjoining upon the said River Tees,

in ca.e such Mill, Granary, Storehouf*, and other Buildings and Premises shall, by carrying into Effect any of the Purposes of this Act be injured, damaged, diminished in Value or otherwise affected, and also the said Thomas Hujiler, or the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be the Owner or Owners of or entitled to the said Lands or Gr >ur.ds now of the said Thomas Hujiler and his or their Tenant and Tenants, and all a.id every the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Sole or Aggregate, whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be used or taken for making the said intended Cut or Canal,

Roads, Ways, and other Works and Improvements, hereby directed or

authorized to be made, or whose Lands, Tenements, Rights of Pithing,

Mills, Forges, or other Hereditaments, shall by carrying into Effect any of the Purpose-s of this Act be injured, damaged, or affected, and the Oc-i, cupier

&12 4-8° GEORGII III. Cop.

cupicr or (Occupiers thereof,or other Person or Perform, interested therein rTpeftively, flull and may accept and receive Compensation and Sa-tbfafton for the V.due of such Land*, Grounds, or other Hereditaments, which shall be used or employed for the Purposes of this Act, and for the Injury, Lois and Damage, which shall or may be sustained by their or any of their Lands and Grounds, Granaries, Storehouses, Free Fisheries. Rights of Fishang, Mills, Forges, or other Works and Hereditaments, by carrying into Effect any of the Purposes of this Act, either in Grol's Sums or by Annual Rents, (except in the Cafe of Spiritual Pctfons to whom all such Compensations are directed to be made by an Annual Rent in Manner herein-after mentioned) as shall be agreed upon by and between the Owners and Occupiers respectively, or any Company'ami ot and *alc* Company of Proprietors or their Successors; and

p.rtits rm..ot tn case the said Company of Proprietors and the said Patties interested DcnmiinVo *n Lands and Grounds or other Hereditaments, cannot agree as

be f re.i by to the Amount or Valued such Satisfaction, the same shall be ascertained c iiimission- ancj settled by the Commissioners herein-ifter appointed, in such Manner and subject to such Verdict of a Jury, if icquired, as is herein-after directed; and all such Yeaily Rents or Sums as shall be agreed on between the Yearly Sums Lid Company of Proprietors and the Lid Parties interested in such on Rites31*"*1' Lands and Grounds or other Hereditaments, or as shall be so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, shall be charged on the Tonnage Rates arising by virtue of this Act, and shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors either Yearly or Half-yearly, as the fame shaft be agreed to In rife the become due and payable , and in case the same shall not be paid lame ben t within Thirty Days after the lame shall so become due and payable, Th'l d',v», shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more

Commission- i f them, although not assembled at any Meeting to be held by virtue

poim/coi- °h tLis Act, and they are hereby required by an Order under their

lecror, or h» Hands to appoint one or more Person or Persons to receive the Tonnage

movererth* ^ates hereby granted and made payable, and to pay the same to such Action or J Person or Persons to whom such Yearly Rents or Sums shall be due Biftieu. an(j unpaid as aforesaid, the said Commissioners taking such Security from every such Collecctor for the due and faithful Execution of his Office as they fh-dl judge proper and sufficient, and every Person so appointed shall be deemed a Collector of the fame Rates, and shall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting the fame, and shall receive and retain thereout a teasonable Satisfaction for his Trouble therein, in like Manner as if he had been appointed a Collector of the fame Rates by the said Company of Proprietors, until such Yearly Rents or Sums, with the Costs and Charges of recovering and receiving the lame, shall be to him, her, or them fully fatitfied and paid; or it shall be lawful for such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustees, or other Person or Persons to whom such Yearly Rents or Sums shall be due and owing as aforesaid, to sue for and recover the fame with Costs of Suit by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts cf Record, or otherwise to seize and distrain any Goods or Effects of the said Company of Proprietors which shall be found upon the said Cut or Canal, or the said River Tees, or upon the Wharfs, Quays, Warehouses, or other Works thereto belonging (Information of such Distress being immediately given to the said Company of Proprietors by Notice in Writing delivered to their Clerk, cr to any Collector of the Tonnage Rates hereby granted, or other known Officers) and to detain the fame until Payment of such Yearly Rents

*7 or

$73

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

or Sums then due and owing together with reasonable Charges attending such Distress, and if such Di/trefs shall not be redeemed within Ten Days next after making the same, and Notice thereof given in Writing as aforesaid, then such Goods or Effects so distrained shall and may be loid ot disposed of in such Manner as the Law directs in case of a Distress for Rent.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That John Arden, Christopher Anjley commission-Clerk, Rowland Bur don, George Brown, Charles Baillie Clrrk, John Bell, ui Panics. Robert Bell, William Braithwaite, John Brcw/ler Clerk, Edward Brown,

George Barrington Clerk, War cop Confett, Robert Chaloner, Robert Crowe,

‘Thomas Crathorne, John Carr, Alderson Hartley Colling, Robert Colling ot Hurworth, Robert Colling ot Barmpton, Robert Clarke, James O'Callogan,

William Chaytor, Lawrence Dundas, Hcneage Dundas, William Dent,

Richard Dickfort, Thomas Davi/on, Sir John Eden Baron r, Robert Eden, William Eden, Benjamin Evans Clerk, Thomas Ewbafik Clerk,

David Burton Fowler, R chardson Ferrand, George Stanley Faber Clerk,

Thomas Robinson Grey, John Grey, Wiliam Grey, Sir Robert D’Arcy Hildyard Baronet, Henry Hildyard Clerk, Thomas Hujller, John H gg,

Thomas Eller by Hixon, John Hixm, Nathanial Lewis HoHingswoi th,

William Ward Jackson, George Meyr.ell, George Markham Cle;k, Dean of Yotk, John Douthwaite Nejlsam, Richard William Christopher Peirfe,

Charles Plumtree Clerk. John Peacock, Matthew Russell, John Russell Rowntree, Leonard Raijbeck, George Sutton, William Sleigh, George Sayer Clerk, Marsha I Stonehcuje, Christopher Smith, Samuel Smith, Gordon Shelly, Sir Charles Turner Bironet, St Henry Vane Ttmpejl Baronet,

John Trotter, Rowland Webjler, Rowland Webjhr the younger, Robert,

Wilkinson, Thomas Wilkinson of Newbus Grange, James Walker,

William Wilson, John Waldy, John Wharton, Christopher White, and their Successors, to be eletted in manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for settling, determining, and adjusting all Matter1, Questions, and Differences which shall or may aiife between the said Company of Proprietors and the several Proprietors of and Persons incerelted in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Mills,

Mines, Waters, Hereditaments, or Premises which shall or may betaken, used, affected, cr prejudiced by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, and for continuing a Aifficient Number of Commissioners for putting this Act in Execution; be it further enacted, That when any of the Commissioners hereby appointed or to be elected in Manner ers tL chute* herein mentioned shall die or refuse to act, or shall eeafe to re/ide in j;'1 "£ the said County of Durham or the North Riding of the County of York, 1,1"c the surviving or remaining Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, at fame Meeting to be held for that Purpose, by Writing under their Hands to deft and appoint another Person in the Place of cvciy Commissioner so dying or refuting to act, or ceasing to reftde in the said County of Durham or the North Riding of the said County of York, and all such Commissioners so to be appointed shall from the Time of their respective Appointment? have the like Authority in all Things relating to the Execution of this Act, as if they had been exprelVly named Commissioners in and by this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that the In their Ac. surviving or remaining Commissioners shall at any Time neglect or refule ^Own«St*r,

[_Loc. Perjj 10 M upon

874

fionsmay appoint them.

Commissioneri may act as Justices of the fcace.

Commissionert not to act in certain Cafes.

Quali%ation.

Oath to be taken by Commissioner».

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

upon any Vacancy to nominate or appoint a new Commissioner, or that for Want of a proper Number of Commissioners in the Neighbourhood it shall be difficult to procure a Meeting or Meetings for executing the Powers of this Act, or in case the Commissioners nominated in this Act or hereafter to beelefted under and by virtue thereof shall be reduced to a less Number than Ten, then and in any of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for the said Company from Time to Time to make Complaint thereof to the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Durham assembled at any Quarter Sessions of the Peace holden for the said County, who are hereby authorized to receive and hear the said Complaint, and upon due Proof thereof being made to them to nominare and appoint such fit and proper Persons as they in their Discretion shall think fit to be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, and the said Commissioners so nominated and appointed shall from thenceforth have the like Powers and Authorities as if they had been named in this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That any of the said Commissioners who shall be Justices of the Peace for the said County of Durham and the North Riding of the said County of York, or either or them, may, notwithstanding their being Commissioners, aft as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Personffiall aft as Commissioner in any Case in the Execution of this Act dur.ng the Time of his holding any Place of Profit arising out of the Rates to be collected by virtue of this Act, or during the Time of his being a Proprietor of the said Undertaking or concerned or interested in any Contract or Bargain made or to be made for the Purposes o( this Act, or in any Case when he shall be in anywise interested or concerned in the Matter in Question, nor unless he shall reside in the said Counry of Durham or the North Riding of the said County of York, and shall be fuzed in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, and not as a Mortgagee at the Time of such his acting, of an Estate of Freehold or Copyhold or Customary, or both in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or unless he shall be possessed of a Personal Estate or a Real and Personal Estate together, of the clear Value of Three thousand Pounds, nor shall any Person aft as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (otherwise than giving Notice of the First Meeting of the Commissioners, and administering an Oath or Affirmation in the Words following to the other Commissioners) until he shall have taken such Oath or Affirmation before any One or more of the said Commissioners who is or are hereby authorized and empowered to aciminister the fame; (that is to say),

I A.B. do swear [ar, being one of the People called Quakers, do so-

-* lemnly affirm] That I will without Favour or Aficdtion, truly and ‘ impartially, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute

and perform the Powers and Authorities veiled in me as a Commis-

fioner, by an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [infer! the Title cf this AtY\

'So help me God.’

And

875

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

And no Person shall act as a Commissioner at any Meeting of Commissioners (except at the First Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, and at any Adjournment thereof to be held within One Calendar Month of such First Meeting) unless he shall have taken the said Oath at Come other Meeting One Calendar Month at lead previously to the Timt of his claiming to act as a Commissioner 5 and if any Person not being qualified as herein-before is mentioned or hereby made incapable to act as a Commissioner shall nevertheless presume to act as such in the Execution of the Powers hereby given or any of them, every such Person shall for every Pc,;i)tv, ror such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to the said Company of commissionm Propreitors, to be recovered with fullCofts of Suit by Action of Debt aflingwithout in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or in the 7

Court of Pleas at Durham, in which Action no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed } and such Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove thac he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty without any other Proof or Evidence being required on the Part of the Plaintiff than thac such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of the Powers granted by this Act: Provided always, that all Awards, Orders, Aa$off.>c!i and other Acts and Proceedings of any Person as a Commissioner in the Commission-Execution of this Act, previously to his being convicted of the said Of- neveaheUfs. fence, shall be valid and effectual, as if such Person had taken the Oath herein-before prescribed and had been otherwise duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Application to be made in Fir!) Meeting Writing by and on the Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, or of any Owner or Occupier of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be affected by the said Canal, Roads, or other Works, or by the Execution of any of the Powers granted by this Act unto any Three or more Persons qualified to act as Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act, requesting them to appoint a general Meeting or the said Commissioners, the Commissioners so applied to shall and they are hereby required within Seven Days after such Request to give Notice of a General Meeting to be held at such Time and Place as shall be expressed in such Notice, such Time not being less than Fourteen nor more than Twenty-one Days from the Day on which such Request shall be made j and the said Commission- clerk to comers shall and they are hereby required at such their First Meeting to appoint mdT|tcj£l° out of Three Persons to be nominated by the said Company of Proprietors uce ca such One of them as the said Commissioners shall think proper to be their Clerk, and the said Commissioners may if they shall think proper from Time to Time at any of their subsequent Meetings, remove any such Clerk and appoint another in his Stead out of Three Persons to be nominated by the said Company of Proprietors; and every such Clerk shall be paid for his Time, Care, and Trouble in the Execution of his Office by the said Company of Proprietors; and all the Orders and Proceedings of the said Proceedmgsto Commissioners, as well at their said First Meeting as at any other subsequent ina

Meeting, shall be regularly entered by their Clerk in a Book to be kept " for that Purpose, and to be provided from Time to Time by the said Company of Proprietors; and such Entries being signed by such Number of Bookro be Commissioners respectively as are empowered by this Act to make such Evde,ce> Orders or carry on such Proceedings, or by their Clerk by the Orders and

Directions

876

Fourteen DaysNctice to be given of adjourned Meetings, No Order valid except made at a punlic Meeting,

Meeting to be Called on Application of the Company or the Proprietors of

Fever to adjourn Meeting.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Directions of such Number of Commissioners as aforesaid who shall be assembled at any such Meeting or Meetings shall be deemed Originals, and shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts of Law or Equity, but no such first or other Meeting whatsoever of the said Commissioners, except such adjourned Meetings as herein-after mentioned, shall be had at any Time for putting into Execution any of the Powers or Authorities vested in the said Commissioners by this Act, unless Fourteen Days previous Notice at leaf! of every such intended Meeting shall be given in Two or more Newspapers usually circulating in the Counties of Turk and Durham, or either of them; and every Meeting of the said Commissior.ers by virtue of this Act shall be publick, and no Order, Direction, or Determination of the said Commissioners or any of them touching any of the Matters and Things herein contained (except in such Cases as are hereby otherwise dirtfted) shall be valid and effectual, unless the same shall be made or done at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, and that all the Powers and Authe* rides by this Act given to or vested in the said Commissioners (excepting such as may be executed without their being assembled at any Meeting or Meetings) shall and may from Time to Time be exercised by the Majority of the Commissioners present at every such Meetings the whole Number present at any such Meeting not being less than Five, and that at every such Meeting One of the said Commissioners present shall be appointed Chairman, who in case of an equal Division of Voices shall have tiic casting Vote.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from Time to Time upon any Application to be made in Writing by or on the Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, or by any Owner or Occupier of any Lands or Hereditaments to be affected by the making of the said Canal or Works, or by carrying into Effect any of the Purposes of this Act, to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, requesting him to appoint a special Meeting of the said Commissioners, the said Clerk shall and he is hereby authorized and required within Fourteen Days next after such Request or Application made to give Publick Notice in manner aforesaid of such Meeting to be held at such Time and Place as shall be specified in such Notice, such Time not being less than Fourteen nor more than Twenty-one Days from the Day on which such Request or Application shall be made to him as aforesaid, and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required notwithstanding any previous or intervening Adjournment of their Meetings to assemble at the Time and Place so to be appointed in order to put into Execution the Powers and Authorities hereby given to and vested in them, respecting any Matter for which such special Meeting shall be required, and in case the Business to be transacted at any general or special Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held in pursuance of this Act shall not be finished on or within the Day appointed for such Meeting, or if a fuflkienc Number of Commissioners shall not attend for that Purpose, then and in such Cale any One or more of the Commissioners who may be then present shall adjourn such Meeting to such Time and Place or Times and Places as such One Commissioner or the major Parc of such Commissioners if there shall be more than One present at any such Meeting or Meetings shall think proper and convenient, but no such Adjournment shall be made for a longer Time than Two Calendar Months, and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting to be held under the Powers of this Act any Commissioner

6 or

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 877

or Corotnifliomrs to adjourn, or if they shall omit to make an Adjourn* mem, then and in such Case and as often as the same shall happen the Clerk to the Li I Commissioners (h ill and may by public N Tice to be given in Manner aforesaid appoint the Commissioners to meet at the Houfr r Place where the lad Mvefng of the said Comm flioners was appointed to be held or was holden, within Twenty one Days next after the Day on which such former Meeting was to have been held or was holden, or any Three or moTe of the said Comm (Tuners may at env Time or Times revive or continue the Meetings of the Lid Commissioners by calling another Meeting to be holden at such Time or Times as any such Three Commissioners shall appoinr, and at any Place within Fifteen Miles of the said Cut or Canal or other Works, public Notice being given in ' manner aforesaid by the fame Commissioners of all such Revivals and Continuations of the Lid Meetings; provided always, that every special Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held upon such Request or Application as aforesaid for hearingor determining any particular Complaint, Controversy, Dispute, or Difference between the said Company of Proprietors and any other Person or Persons shall be held at some Place within Two Miles of the Place where such Complaint or Dispute shall arise.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall j.(r,oner' be and they are hereby authorized and required ac any of their Meetings Power'oex-to examine Witnesses on Oath to be administered by them, touching amine wit every Matrer which may in pursuance of this Act be submitted to the "ndVcajjaft* Cor.sideration of the said Commissioners, and they ate hereby empow- Purchase ered by Writing under their Hands and Seals to determine and adjust co^nfation, from Time to Time what Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid by the *c.

fain Company of Proprietors (either in Gross or by Annual Rent or Payment) for the absolute Purchase of or as a Recompence for the Use of the Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments which shall be set out and ascertained as aforesaid for making the said Cut or Canal or any Part thereof and for other the Purposts herein mentioned, and also to adjust and determine the Compensation to be made by the said Company of Proprietors for any Damages which may or shall be at any Time or Times hereafter fuftahud by any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Person or Persons respectively being Owners of or interested in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, Mills, Mines, or other Hereditaments for or by reason of the fevering or dividing the fame, or by reason of the making, using, repaying, or maintaining the said Cot or Canal and the Roads, Ways, Puffages, or other Works or Conveniences about the fame, or by the flowing, leaking, or oozing of Water over or through the Banks of the said Cut or Canal or by diverting the said River into the fame, or by the Reason or Means of the Execution of any of the Powers herein contained.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Com- J*rvro pany of Proprietors or their Committee for the Time being, or any such

Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or any Tiuftee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons fc interested or entitled as aforesaid, shall be diffa-tisfied with any such Judgment or Determination, and shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the Clerk to the said Commissioners within Twenty-one Days next after the Lme shall have been made, or shall refuse or neo-[Loc. Ss* Per.~\ 10N lf&

878 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Ie& to submit any such Matter to the Determination of the said Commissioners, or if an) such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons shall refuse to receive upon due Tender thereof made such Purchase Money or the first Payment of such Annual Rent or such ltecompence as shall be so determined to be paid, or shall upon Notice in Writing given to the principal Officer of any such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to such Trustee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or Lft at the lad or usual Place or Places of his, her, or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or other Hereditaments to be made use of or affected by virtue of this Act, for the* Space of Twenty-one Days after such Notice, Neglect, or Refusal to treat or shall not agrte with the said Company of Proprietors, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from or shall be incapable of treating as aforesaid, or shall not within the before mentioned Space of Twenty-one Days produce and fully disclose the State of the Title to the Premises which they are or shall be in Possession of and to the Interest which they claim therein, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered and required to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seal? to the Sheriff of the County in which the Matter inQuestion shall arifr; and in case any such Sheriff of the County in which the Matter in Question lhr.ll arid or his Under Sheriff shall be One of the said Company of Proprietors or enjoy any Office of Profit or Trust under them, or shall be otherwise interested in the Matter in Question, then to any One of the Coroners of such County who shall not be so interested as aforesaid; and in case all the said Coroners of such Manner of County shall be so interested, then to the lad Person who filled the Office jummoning, of Sheriff of such County and who shall not be interested as aforesaid, commanding such Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person to impannel, summon, and return a Jury, and the said Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person is hereby required accordingly to impannel, summon, and return a Jury of Twelve sufficient and indifferent Men qualified according to the Laws of this Realm to be returned for Trials or Issues in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, to appear before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, such Time not being less than Eight nor more than Four een Days after such Warrant shall be served upon the said Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at the Time and Place so to be appointed as aforesaid, the said Sheriff, Coroner, or other Person shall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers-by or that can (peedily be procured >to attend that Service (being so qualified as aforesaid) to make up the Lid Jury to the Number of Twelve, and every such Jury or Juryman shall be liable and subject to the fame Regulations and to the fame Pains and Penalties for Default as if he and they had been returned for the Trial of any Issue joined in any of His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against Power of any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required by a Summons or Notice Witness. to be signed by any Three or more of the said Commissioners, ei'her previous to or at the Time of any such Meeting or Meeting?, to summon and call before them all and every Person or Persons who shall be thought necessary to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching the Matters in Qudlion, and to hear and examine such Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, and the said Commissioners may order and authorize the said Jury or any , $jx or more of them to view the Place or Places, or Matter or-Mat.

ters

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

ters in Question; which Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths as well as the Oaths to such Person or Persons as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer) shall esquire of, assess, and ascertain the Sum of Money or Annual Rent to be paid for the Purchase or Use of such Lands or other Hereditaments or the Reco.npence to be made for the Damages that shall or may be sustained as aforesaid, and shall assess separate Damages for the fame, and the said Commissioners shall give Judgment for such Purchase Monies, Rent, or Recompence so to be assessed by such Jury, which laid Verdict and the Judgment thereupon pronounced as aforesaid shall be signed by the said Commissioners, and shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes against all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all other Persons, and shall not be removed by Certiorari or other Process into any of His Majesty's Courts of RecoVd at Westminster or any other Court, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if the Sheriff or other Person so directed to summon and return a Jury as aforesaid, or his Deputy or Agent, shall make Default in the Premises, he shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds; and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or to give his Verdict, cr in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty contrary to the true Intent of this Act, or if any Person so lummontd to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn or examined or to give Evidence, every Person so offending having no reasonable Excuse to be allowed by the said Commissioners shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, which several and respective Penalties shall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, rendering to him the Overplus after such Penalty and the Charges of Distress and Sale shall be deduced; and every such Penalty which shall be paid by or recovered from any Person who shall have been summoned to give Evidence as aforesaid shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons who shall appear to the said Commissioners to be injured by the Default of such Person, and all other Penalties as aforesaid shall be applied in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act shall wilfully give false Evidence before the said Commissioners, or before any such Jury, or before any Justice of the Peace acting as such in the Execution of this Act, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame, and upon Conviction thereof shall be liable to the fame Pains and Penalties as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws in being subject and liable to.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That whensoevera Jury is or shall be called by the Commissioners as aforesaid, or any Witness or Witnesses is, are, or shall be examined by and before the said Commissioners alone, or by and before the said Commissioners and Jury jointly as htrein-before directed, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required according to their Discretion to give and award to each of the said Juror* and Witnesses in every such Case such several and respective Sum and Sums

879

Jury to asse s Purchase Monies, Damage, Sec.

Ver<li£t to be final.

Penalties on Sheritfs and Persons making Default.

Persons giving false Evidence may be prosecuted for Perjury

Recompence

to Jury and Witnesses.

$8o 4S" GEORGII III. Cap. 46,

of Money as shall be a reasonable Recompence for the Expences and By wham to b* trouble of their Journey and Attendance; and in each and every Cafe paid, where a Verdict shall be given for more Money or for a greater Annual

Rent as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the absolute Sale of any Lands or Hereditaments of any Person or!>Persons whomsoever, or as a Compensation for any Damages done or to be done to such Lands or other Hereditaments or Property than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors before die Meeting of the said Commissioners, or than had been by them determined and assessed as aforesaid, or where any Verdict shall be found for any Damages where the Dispute is for Damages only and where no Compeniaiion had been previously offered or tendered in respect thereof by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, or where by Reason of Absence or other Impediment or Disability, there shall not be found any Person or Persons at hand who may be legally by virtue of the Powers of this Act or otherwise capacitated to enter into a Contract with and make Conveyances to and receive Compensation from the said Company of Proprietors as herein-before mentioned, then and in all such Cases all the Expences of calling such Commissioners, summoning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, shall be settled by the said Commissioners and be defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors, but if any Verdict shall be given for the same Sum or Rent that had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the Company of Proprietors, or had been Co determined or assessed by the said Commissioners, or for a lets Sum than had been so previously offered, determined, or assessed, or in case no Damges shall be given by the Verdict where the Dispute is for Damages only, or in case of such Relu'.al to enter into Treaty with or make Conveyances to or receive Compensation from the said Company of Proprietors, by any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever who is or are by the Provisions of this Act or otherwise legally capacitated to treat and convey or receive such Compensations as aforesaid, then and in all such Cases (except when by reason of Absence or otherwise any Person shall have been prevented from treating and agreeing as aforesaid), the Costs and Expences of calling a Meeting of such Commissioners, summoning such Juty, and taking such Verdict shall be settled in like Manner by the said Commissioners, and be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Company of Proprietors shall have had such Concerns, Controversies, or Disputes, which said Costs and Expences having been so settled shall and may be deduded out of the Monies so assessed and adjudged as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums of Money shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, in case such Cofis and Expences shall not exceed the Amount of the Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged , but if it shall happen to exceed the fame, then the Balance may be recovered by the said Company of Ptoprietors against: the Person or Persons with whom they shall have had such Concern, Controversy, or Ditpu e i y anAffion of Debt or on the Cafe in any of Kis [Majesty's Courts of Record at WeUminster, or in the Court ot Pleas at Durham.

Persons re-

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons > f to6enter making Complaint and requesting a Jury to be summoned shall before into a Bond, 9 the

88t

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

the said Commissioners shall issue oat their Warrant for that Purpose, enter into a Bond with Two sufficient Sureties to the Treal'urer to the said Company of Proprietors in a Penalty of One hundred Pounds with Condition to prosecute his, her, or their said Complainr, and to bear and pay the Coifs and Expences of summoning such Jury and taking such Verdict in case the same shall be given for no greater or for a less Sum or Rent than had been offl-red by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, or than had been affffed by the Commissioners before the summoning and returning the said Jury or Juries for the Purchase of or as a Recompence for any Lands or Hereditaments, or as a Compensation for any Damages, or in case no Verdict shall be found for Damages where the whole Dispute was whether any Damage was or was not done as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not nor shall any of them be obliged or allowed by virtue of this Act to receive or take Notice of any Complaint or Complaints to be made by any Person or Persons whomsoever for any Injury or Damage by him, her, or them fuitained or fopposed to be sustained by virtue or in consequence of this Act, unless Application shall have been made in relation thereto by or on Behalf of such Person or Persons to the said Company of Proprietors, or to their Treal'urer cr Clerk, or to their known Agent or Agents Fourteen Days at the lead before such Complainr. shall be made to the said Commissioners, and within the Space of Three Calendar Months next after the Time that such supposed Injury or Damages shall have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have ceased.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That full Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors for all the Tythes both Great and Small of the Lands which shall or may betaken cr made ufc of by the said Company for the Purposes and in pursuance of the Powers of this Act, to the respective Persons entitled or who would have been entitled to such Tythes in case such Lands had not been so taken or made use of according to their respcCfive Interest therein, such Tythes to be estimated at the average Value of Four Years, commencing at Michaelmas One thousand eighc hundred and four, such average Value to be ascertained (in case of any Difference concerning the same) in like Manner as the Value of any Lands or other Hereditaments is herein-before directed to be ascertained j provided always, that the Recorn* pence and Satisfaction to be given by virtue of this Act for all the Glebe Lands and Tythes belonging :o spiritual Persons shall be made to such Persons by an Annual Kent.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and Juries respiCtively shall award ail Determinations, Judgements, and Verdicts which they shall respectively make and give in the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in them concerning the Value of Lands and other Hereditaments, fepatately and distinctly from the Consideration of any other Damages sustained or to be sustained by any Person or Persons in consequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, and shall citlinguish the Value fit upon the Lands and other Hereditaments, and the Money affiled or adjudged for such Damages as aforesaid, separatdy and apart from each orher.

\_Lu. & Per.'] 10 0

Complaint to be made with, in a certain Time.

Compensation to be made for Tythes.

Value of Land and Confideia-

tion for Damages to be a» arrted teparately.

88a

Power for the Company to enter onLanilj and onTender, t/c. of Pur-clufe Money.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

XXIX. And in order that the said Company of Proprietors may not be impeded in the Profccuiion of their said Undertaking, by Means of any such Proceeding before the said Commissioners or Jury, be it further enacted, That either upon Payment or legal Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money, or giving such Security as the said Commissioners shall approve for Payment of any such Annual Rent as shall have been contradict! or agreed for between the Parties, or adjusted and determined by the said Commissioners, or assessed by such Juries in Manner respectively as aforesaid, for the Purchase of any such Lands, Tythes, or other Hereditaments, or as a Recompence for the Yearly Produce or Profits thereof, or as a Compensation for Damages as herein-before mentioned to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands and Premises, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be interested therein or entitled to receive such Money, Rent, or Compensation respectively, at any Time after the same shall have been actually so agreed for, determined, or assessed, or upon the said Company’s previously giving such Security as the said Commissioners shall approve for the future Payment of such Sum of Money, or for duly securing such Annual Rent when the Amount thereof shall be fixed by the said Commissioners or Jury as aforesaid , or if the Person or Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments shall not be able to make a good Title thereto, to the Satisfaction of the said Company, cr shall refuse to receive the Sum or Sums awarded to him, her, or them by the said Commissioners or Jury, or to execute a Conveyance, or in case such Person or Persons ro whom such Sum or Sums shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, cr if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be noc known or difeovtred, then and in any of these Cafes upon Payment of the laiJ Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England, cr upon the said Company's giving previously such Security as the said Commissioners shall approve for the future Payment of such Monty as shall be fixed by the Card Commissioners or Jury as aforesaid, then and in all or any of the Lid Cales as often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors and their Agents, Wo kmen, and Servants, immediately to enter upon the Lands, Tenement , and other Hereditaments reflectively (or before such Payment or Tender, or Securiry given by Leave of the Owners and Occupiers thereof) and then and thereupon such Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, together with the Yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estate, Use, 1 rust, and Interest of any Person or Persons therein, shall from thenceforth be vested in and become the sole Property of the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors to and for the Purposes of this Act for ever; and such Tender, Payment, Invcft-ntent, or Deposit, or the giving of such Security for the same as aforesaid, shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been madr, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower of the Wife of every such Person and all Estates Tail and other Estates in Reversion and Remainder of his, her, or their Issue, and of every other Person whomsoever therein; provided nevertheless, that befote such Payment, Tender, Investment, Deposit, or Security as aforesaid, it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors or any Person atting under their Authority to dig or cut the Lands or Grounds of the Person or Persons entitled to such Payment or Security, for the Purposes of making the said Canal, Roads, Ways, or Works, without the Conltnt cf such Person or Persons relpetlively.

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all the Determinations of the Did Commissioners which shall be submitted to and acquielced in by the Parties concerned, and also the said Judgments and Vetdi&s shall be transmitted to and be kept by the respective Clerks of he Peace or other Persons having the Custody of the Records of the Quarter Sessions for such County or Riding respectively wherein the Matter in Question shall happen, and shall be deemed to be Records of such Quarter Sessions to all Intents and Purposes; and the fame or true Copies thereof shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the fame, paying for such Inspection the Sum of One Shilling, and to have Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for every Hundred Words, and so in proportion for any less Number of Words.

XXXI. And be it further enaSfd, That all Sums of Money which shall be agreed or awarded, assessed 01 adjudged to be paid to any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffees in Trust, Husbands, Guar-diars, Committees, or other Trustees, or Persons acting as Guardians, Committees, or Trustees for or on Behalf of any Infants, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Cestuique Trusts, or to any Person or Persons whose Lands or Estates are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability for the Purchase or Recompence of or the Damage to be done to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments by virtue of the Powers herein contained, shall be paid and applied in Manner following (that is to say) in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, the same shall with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Tees Navigation Company, together with the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as Three of the Commissioners for ex* ecuting this Act shall by Writing under their Hands direct or appoint, although they may not be aflrmbled at any Meeting to be held by virtue of this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be paid under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court (to oe figmfied by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Prfons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said L>nds, Tenements, or Hereditaments) in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land TjX or Discharge cf any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance cr Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affcfling the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other i.ands. Tenements, or Hereditaments, (binding settled to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase cf other Messuages, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Pu poses, and in the same Manner as the Pretnifes which shall be so purchased, taken, used, ot damaged as aforesaid flood limited or settled, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyances and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Etfcft; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by the Order of the Coure of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, or Three Pounds

883

Determination of Commissionert and Judgment, Verdicts, See. to be transmitted to and kept with the Clerk of the Peace.

Application of Moniet awarded to Bodies Politic, etc.

83*

Purchase Money to be p»iit into the Bank of # tug!and in cej tain C\fcf.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 4$.

Pounds per Centum Reduced Annuities-, and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Coure to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Proceeds of the said Consoli* dated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits ot che said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made; but in case any Monies so agreed, awarded, affcfled, or adjudged to be paid for or in respect of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging to any Corporation or to any such other Person or Personsas last herein-belore mentioned, and which Monies would by virtue of this Act in case the fame amounted to Two hundred Pounds or upwards be payable into the Bank of England, as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and shall be equal to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profis of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in respect whereof the same shall be paid, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting as such as aforesaid, to be signed in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the lame shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners for executing this Act, though they may not be assembled at any Meeting of the said Commissioners (Tucli Nomination and Approbation to be signed in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein before directed so far as the Case shall be applicable without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery; but in case such Money so agreed, awarded, affcfled, or adjudged to be paid as last herein-before mentioned, shall not be equal to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons, who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect whereof the same shall be paid, in such Manner as the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them whether assembled at a general Meeting or not shall think fit, or to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting as such, to and for the Use of such Krson or Persons so entitled respectively; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons to whom the said Commissioners, or any Five of them as aforesaid, shall direct ihe lame to be paid shall be sufficient Discharges for the same.

XXXII. And be it further cnafh-d, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded, assess'ed, or adjudgi-d for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refule to accept the fame or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Pienntes to the Satisfaction

3 of

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 885

of the said Company of Proprietors, or in case Rich Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded, assessed, or adjudged as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditament' [describing the m] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which laid Court on the Applicat on of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part or Parts thereof by Motion or Petition,

shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the lame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall leem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums ot Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are receive *, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Perron in Question shall aril'e touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any bed«m"d° Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Pri- well entitled vity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of ""itniry'be this Act, for the Purchase of or as a Recompence for any Lands, Tene- flievm. ments, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Ttnmients, or Hereditaments, to be purchased or taken, in pursuance of this Act, or as a Recompence or Sutisfaction for any Damages to be done by virtue of the Powers heiein contained, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Pcffeflian of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Money shall have been so paid at the Time of passing this Act; and all Peifuns claiming under such Person or Persons or under the Possession of such Person or Persons shall be deemed and taktn to have been law-lully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to such Possession, unril the contrary shall be shewn to ihe Satisfaction of the said Cou.t of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be putchaled with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the hid Couic that such Possession was a wrongful Pofli (lion, and (hat some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully ent tied to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Dif.bility or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation jLoc. Es* Per.] to P entitled

£xpeiicei of Purchase. to lie paid by the Company of Proprietor*,

886

Provision as to Reco'r pence for Damages or Injury not hi fore provided for.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

entitled to any such Lands, Tenements, or Ile'editaments, the Purchase Money whereof shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuanre of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expence* of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as to the said Court shall leeni reasonable, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the Lid Court shall diteft.

XXXV. And be it further tnsfted, That if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, at any Time after the said Company of Proprietors or any Person or Persons employed or authorized by them shall have begun to carry this Act into Execution shall happen to foftain any Damage or Injury in his, her, or their Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever by any Act, Neglect, or Default of the said Company of Proprietors or their Agents, Workmen, or Servants, or by rea-ion of any Alteration which shall be made by them or any of them in the Works to be done by virtue of this Act, for which such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, shall have had no Recompence or Satisfaction, or for which no Recompence or Satisfaction is hereby otherwise provided, then and in every such Case if the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors, or their Agent or Agents, and the Party or Parties by whom such Damages shall be sustained shall not agree touching such Damages, the said Company of Proprietors or their Agent or Agents and also every such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate who shall I'ultain such Damages or Injury shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to enquire of and ascertain such Damages by a Jury to be impannelled and returned in Manner aforesaid, and who shall give Judgment for the Parry or Parties aggrieved and record the fame respectively, in the same Manner and Form as the Damages and Recompence are hereby appointed to be assessed and adjudged lor any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall any ways be made use of, cut, or damaged in the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, and in case the said Company of Proprietors or their Agent or Agents shall not, being the reunto required, satisfy and recompence such Damages or Injury as shall be so assessed and settled as aforesaid within Twenty-one Days after such Request made as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for tile Person or Persons aggrieved to appoint One or more Person or Persons to receive the Rates and Duties on Tonnage to able by virtue of this Act and thereout to pay all such Damages so to be all'clTed and settled as aforesaid, and the Money to be received by such Receiver or Receivers shall and is hereby declartd to be as so much Money received to the Use of such Person or Persons receiving Damage or Injury as aforesaid in Older and Coutfe successively as such Determination shall be in priority of Time, and after such Damages so settled and all'clTed as aforesaid shall be paid and satisfied, the Power and Authority of such Receiver or Receivers for the Purposes lift mentioned shall cease and determine, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

4.Sa GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will or Lessee fora Year or any ether Person or Persons in Possession of any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments or any Parc thereof wtiich shall be taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, and who shall have no greater Interest in the Pranifes than as Tenant at Will or Lessee for a Year or from Year to Year, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises to the said Company of PruprietO's or to such Person or Pci ions as they shall appoinc to take Puffdlion of the fame upon having Two Calendar Months Notice to quit such Possession fresh the said Company or from the Person or Persons so authorized by them; and such Person or Persons in Posselhon shall at the End of the said Two Calendar Months, whether such Notice be given with Reference to the Time or Times of such Tenants holding of no', cr so soon after as he, she, or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Company or the Person or Persons authorized by them to uke Puflcflion thereof; and in case any such Person or Pcifans so in Possession as aforesaid shall refulc to give such Possession as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company to iflfue their Piecept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the County in whuh the Premises shall be situate, to deliver Pofltflion of the said Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Prectpt or Precepcs be nominated to receive the same, and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver PolT (fi >n of the said Premises accordingly, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue tiom the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons so refusing to give Possession as aforesaid, by Dfllrcfs and Sale of his, her, or their Good-,

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments not being in Possession thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages shall on the Tender of the principal Money and Interest due thereon, together with the Amount of Six Calendar Months Interest on the said Principal by the said Company or by such Person or Persons as they Goaf] appoint immediately convey, assign, and transfer Rich Moitg.ige or Mortgages to the said Company or to such Person or Persons as they Thai 1 appoint, or in case such Moitgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Company or from such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and dfeharge the principal Mcney and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, that then at the End of the said Six Calendar Months on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign, and transfer his, her, or their Intend in the Premises to the la d Company or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed in Trust for them, and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refulc to convey and assign as aforesaid on such Tender or Payment, that then all Interest on every such Mortgage shall from thenceforth cealc and determine: Provided always, that in case the Sum due upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages with all Interest due thereon shall amount to more than the real Value of the Premises to be ascertained as diredbed by this Act, then the said Company of Proprietors shall not be liable to pay to the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than such real Value of such Premises so ascertained as aforesaid; provided also; that in case any such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall nrgitft orrefufe to convey or assign

as

887

Tenants at Will or for Years to quit Lands, etc. after Notice,

Mortpag- - 1 convey after 'lender.

888

Commissioners to apportion Fui chafe Monies and Compensation for Damages-

Capital to be raised-

Application

thereof-

Nun ber of Shaies to be held by One Person.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

as aforesaid, then upon Payment of the principal Money andlnterest due on any Moitgage as aforesaid into the Bank of England at the End of Six Calendar Months from the Day of giving such Notice as afortfiid for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the C fhier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money in like Manner as is herein-before directed in Cafes of other Payments into the Bank, and thereupon all the Elfate, Righr, Title, Interest, Use, Tiulf, Property, Claim, and Demand of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees and of all and every Person and Persons in Trust for him, her, or them shall vest in the said Company, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual PolfelTion of the Premises comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages to all Intents and Purposes w hatfuever.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be and are hereby empowered to settle what Shares and Proportions of the Purchase Money or Compensation for Damages which shall be so agreed for, detei mined, and adjusted, or adclled in Manner respectively as aforesaid, shall be allowed for any Tenant or other Person or Persons having a particular Ellate, Term, or Inured in the Premises for his, her, or their respective Intered therein.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to raile and contribute amongd themselves in such Proportions as they shall think proper a Sum of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Seven thousand Pounds, (except as herein-after mentioned) which said Sum of Money shall be laid out and applied in the fird Place in discharging the Expences ot obtaining and passing this Act and of the Surveys, Plans, and Edirr.ates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto, and then for and towards the making, compleating, and maintaining the said Cut or Canal, and improving such Part or Parts of the Navigation of the said River Tees as herein-before mentioned, and otherwise for putting this Act in Execution, and that the said Sum of Seven thousand Pjunds shall be divided into Shares of Fifty Pounds each, and that no Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or Persons subscribing thereto or becoming a Proprietor in the said Undertaking do become a Proprietor of leis than One Share, or in any Event more than Seven Shates, either in his or her own Name or in the Name or N ones of any other Person or Pet suns in Trud for him or her (unless the same shall come to him, her, or them, by Will, Bequest, Descent, Right of Administration, Distribution, Settlement, or Marriage) upon pain of forfeiting to the said Company of Proprietors all such Shares exceeding Seven Shares, and that the said Shares shall be and are hereby veded in the several Persons and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, so raising and contributing the fame, and their several and respective Executors, Arlminidrators, Successors, and Assigns to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit pioporticnably to the Sums they shall severally raile and contribute; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all Persons, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Alhgns, who shall severally lubl'cribc for one or more Share or Share', shall be entitled to and receive after the said Cut or Canal and other Works immediately connrfted therewith shall be compleated after tl e Rate of Ten per Centum per Annum upon the Capital tr Sums actually advanced and paid by them respectively for the Pur-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 889

poses of this Act to be computed from the Time or Times of advancing and paying the fame, and to be paid yearly by and out of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue by the Tonnage, Rates, and other Sums of Money, to be raised, recovered, or received by the said Compiny of Proprietors by the Authority of this Act, and every Body Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and Persons having such Property in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the fame in Manner herein directed and appointed.

XL. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and be

Proportions of all Budies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all Estates. other Person or Persons of and in the said Undertaking or the Joint Stock or Fund of the said Company of Proprietors shall be deemed Personal Estate and transniiiTible as such, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That every B idy Politic, Corporate Right of v»t-and Collegiate, and every Person who shall by virtue of this Act have ^tou* subscribed or undertaken for one or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, his, her, or their respective Successors, Executors, Admi-niftiators, and AlTigns, shall have a Vote for every such Share, but noc exceeding Three Votes in the whole, (although poiTcfled of more than Three Shares) in the stated and fptcal general AiTemblics to be held as herein appointed fur carrying on the Undertaking, which Vote or Votes shall and may be given by them, him, or her in Person only, and not by any Proxies or Proxy appointed by them, him, or her, and every Quet-tion. Matter or Thing which shall be proposed, discussed, or considered in any stated or special general Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors shall be determined by the Majority of Votes then present, computing One Vote to every Share, provided nevtrtheless, that no Person shall voce for more than Three Shares as aforesaid; and at every stated or Chairman to special gentral Assembly of the Company of Proprietors, One of the Pro- bc aPP°‘n‘c'1-prietors present shall be appointed Chairman, anJ shall not only vote as a Proprietor, but in case of an Equality of Votes shall have the decisive or carting Vote.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money herein-be- pow?r to raise fore authorized to be raised shall be found insufficient for the making, compleating, and maintaining of the said Cut or Canal and other the Works and Improvements hereby authorized to be made and ail nectflary Charges and Expenses relating thereto, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Company of Propru tors to raise and contribute amongst themselves in Manner and Form aforesaid and in such Shares and Proportion as to them shall seem meet, or to raise by the Admission of new Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money for compleating and perfecting the said Undertaking, noc exceeding the Sum of Five thottfand Pounds, and every Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person being a Subscriber towards raising such further or other Sum of Money shall be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote by themselves, himself, or herself in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures and [Lee. b5 Per.] io {land.

89°

Power to rii.e Money on Mortgage.

Form { /fiignment.

Memorial to be registered

Assessments to be transferable.

48'* GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

stand interested in all the Profits of the Paid Undertaking in proportion to his, her, or their Share or Shares, as generally and rxrenfively to all Intents and Purposes as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed lor and raised had originally been Part of the said Sum of Seven thousand Pounds: Provided always, that in case the said Company of Proprietors or the Committee to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall he desirous of raising the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds or any Part ihereof by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors or their Commirtee to bor;ow and take up at Interest all or any Part of the said Sum of Five thousand Pounds on the Credit of the said Undertaking, and to assign the Property of the fame Undertakng, and the Tonnage Rates arifingor to arse to the said Company of Proprietor by virtue of this Act or any Part thereof (the Costs and Charges of assigning the same to be paid out of futh Rates) as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money lb to be borro wed with Intcred to such Person or Person?, or to his, her, or their Trudee or Trustees who shall advance the feme, all which laid Assignments shall be made under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, in the Form and Effect following; (that is to say),

virtue of an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of

*"* King George the Third, intituled, \infirt the Title cf this A£i\ We,

the Tees Navigation Company incorporated by and under the fain Act,

in Consideration of the Sum of to us in Hand

‘ paid by A.B. of do hereby bargain, fell,

and assign unto the said A.B. Ex-cutors, Administrators,

c and Assigns, the Lid Cut cr Canal and all the Works thereto belonging, ‘ and all and Angular the Tonnage Rates arising and payable to us by virtue of the said Act, and all our Edate, Right, Title, and Iiuerell

of, in, and to the fame, to hold unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, until the said Sum of

with Intered for the fame after the Ra e of

‘ per Centum per Annum shall be fully paid and fatufied. Given under our

Common Seal this Day of

And all Persons to whom such Afilgnments shall be made shall be equally

entitled one with the other to their Proportion of the said Rates and Premises according to the respective Sums in such Adignmenis mentioned to be advanced, withouc any Preference by reason of the Priority of any such Alignment; and a Memorial of every such Assignment containing the Date, Name or Names, Addition or Additions of the Person or Persons to whom made, the Sum of Money borrowed and Ra'e of Intered, shall within Thirty Days from the Date of every such Assignment to be entered in One or more Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, which Book or Books shall and may be peruicd at all reasonable Times by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the said Undertaking and any other Persons interested therein without Fee or Reward; and the Person or Persons to whom any such Assignment shall be made as aforesaid, or wito shall be either by any Transfer thereof or otherwise entitled to the Money due thereon, and hi?, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns shall and may from Time to Time, as often as Occasion shall tequire, transfer his, her, or their Right or Intered therein to any Person or Persons

by

Sgi

Form of Transfer.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to lay),

I A.B. t f in Confidetatior! of die Sum of

4 A paid by C.D. of do hereby transfer a certain Mort-

gage male by the Tees Navigation Company to bearing '

4 Date the Day of for securing the Sum of

and all Int-rest now due and to become due thereon, ard

all my Right and Property therein, to the said C.D. Executors,

4 Admtntftiators, and Affigrss. Dated th s Day of

And every such Transfer shall within Thirty Days after the Date be

thereof be produce! by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors ‘t*1 'le

who shall cause a Memorial to be made thereof in I ke Manner as if the

original Mortgage or Aliignment, for whion the said Clerk shall be paid such

Sum as the said Company of Proprietors shall appoint not exceeding

Two Shillings and Sixpence; and every such Mortgage or Security

may be again assigned and transferred and so from Time to Time

as often as Cccafioo shall require; and every such Eniry made of such Transfer (hill liom themcionh entitle such Adigr.ee or AiTignees,

his, her, or their Executors, A.lmini(ba.orf, and Assigns to the full Benefit of the original Morrgage, and it shall not be in the Power of any other

than the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be last assigned as

aforesaid, his, lier, or their respective Executors or Administrators to make void, icleafe, or discharge the original Mortgage or any Money

th-reby secured or any Part thereof; and the Ioterrft of the Money which Interesttobe

(hill be borrowed or tailed by Mongage as aforesaid shall be provided U* l', Halt

for and paid Half Yearly to the several Persons entitled thereto, in pre- ’

ference to any Imerrft or Dividends due and payable by virtue of this Act to the said C nnpany of Proprietors or to any of them.

XL.III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Sum or Sums of Mortgage not Money so lent and advanced on Mortgage shall be paid off and discharged IfinTout slave and except with the Consent or Consents of the Person or Persons Notes, io lending or advancing such Sum or Sums of Monty) unless Six Calendar Months previous Notice under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors shall have been given to the Person or Persons lending or advancing such Sum or Sums of Money, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode of such their Intention to pay off and discharge the lame.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Sum or Sums of Nor called m Money I'oh ntand advance 1 on Mortgage shall be required to be paid off w.nj,01uNo-[and discharged unless Three Calendar Months previous Noti. e under the Hand or Hands of the Person or Persons for the Time beinst entitled to such Sum or Sums of Money shall have been given to the said Company of Pioprittors or to their i'real'urer or Cl-rk or known Agent or Agents, or left at the ideal Place or Places of Abode of such Treasurer or Clerk or known Agent or Agents, of the Intention of such Person or Persons to rcqune the Repayment of inch Sum or Sums of Money.

XLV. Provided always, That if the said Company of Proprietorj Powwto.-aire Hull think it ruoft expedient to borrow the said Sum of Five thousand '

6 Pounds Notes.

892

Rates to be a Security for the Money borrowed on Optional Notes.

Persons lend-ling Money not to he der'm d Proprietors.

First GeneralJ Meeting ot Propiictori.

48° GEORGII III. Cty.48.

Pounds or any Parr or Farrs thereof by Promissory Notes under the Common Seal of the said Company it shall and may be lawful for them so to do, and that such Notes shall be made payable in such Manner and ac such T. ime or Times and with such legal or less Rate of Intrrtft as the said Company shall think proper, and either with or without Power or the Holders of such Notes to have such Option of being admitted to hold a Share or Shares in lieu of the Princ p d Money thereby to be Secured, or lo much or such Part or Parts thereof as the said Company of Proprietors or their general Committee for the Time being and the Person or Perfoi'.s advancing such Money on the Security of the said Notes shall juntly ag ee upon, so nevertheless, that no Person he in any Calc admitted to hold a Share in lieu of a less principal Sum of Money than Fifty Pounds advanced on the Security of such Notes, the Particulars of such Options being at all Times expressed in the said Notes.

XLVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That all and fingolar the Rates and Duties on dunnage authorized to be taken by virtue of this Act shall be a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed upon Promissory Note or Notes as aforesaid, with Intcrell to the Person or Persons who shall from Time to Time be entitled to such Securities, and the principal Money and Intend thereby secured, and all Perfors to whom any such Secuiities as aforesaid shall be given shall be equally entirled to a Claim or Lien to or upon a Proportion of the said Rates or Duties on Tonnage according to the rtlprftive Sums mentioned thereby to be secured and advanced as if the fame were advanced upon Mortgages or Alignments of the lame Rates in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, and without any Preference by reason of the Priority of Date cf any such Securities or on any o.her Account whatsoever.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person to whom any such Moitgage or Alignment shall be made or transferred as hereinbefore mentioned, or who shall be entitled to any Claim or Lien to or upon a Proportion of the Rates and Duties on Tonnage to be raised by virtue of this Act for Securing any Sum or Sums of Money which he, she, or they shall have advanced or lent to the said Company of Proprietors upon Premiffory Note or Notes under the Seal of the said Company by virtue of the Power for that Purpose herein-before contained, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Person or Persons Shall be deemed or considered a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share er Shaies or be capable of acting or voting by virtue of such Mortgage, Alignment, or Lien at any Affernbly or Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, for or on Account of such Person or Persons having advanced any Money on the Credit of (itch Alignment or for or on Account of any such Lien or Claim as aforesaid.

XLVIII. And be it further er.acted, That the first general Affernbly of the said Company of Proprietors, for putting this Act m Execution, shall be held at the Town House in Stockton, aforesaid, within One Calendar Month next after the passing of this Act, and all f uture general Assemblias of the said Company, except such Special gener.d Assemblies as hrrein-after mentioned, shall be held on the Fit ft Tuesday in the Month of May ir. every Year, at the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon, at such Place or Places as the said Company of Proprietors at their preceding

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 893

ing general Affynblies shall from Time to Time direct and appoint of which general Assemblies Ten Days previous Notice at the lead shall be given by public Ailvertifemem in feme Two or more Newspapers usually circulating in the County of Durham or the North Riding of the County of York, or in fuc i other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors at their respective general AlTemblies shall di- Committee t» rest; and the said Company of Proprietors, at their respective general be tle;led-Assemblies, shall choose and elect out of the said Proprietors a Committee to manage the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors as he:ein directed, the said Committee to consist of Nine or more Persons; and the said Company of Proprietors shall have Power and Authority at any re°*"e com< such general Assembly to remove and displace any Person or Persons mittecan-i who shall have been chosen a Member or Members of such Committee, 0tficer,‘ or any Officer or Officers under them, and to revoke, alter, amend, or change any of the Rules and Directions which may have been prescribed and laid down by virtue of this Act wirh regard to their Proceedings amongst themselves as they shall think proper (the Method of calling general or fpreial AflVmbiies and their Time and Place of Meeting and voting and appointing Commissioners only excepted) and shall have a Power to order and dispose of the Custody of the Common Seal of the said Company of Propiiciors and the Use and Application thereof; and also to make such new Rules, Bye Laws, Orders, and Regulations for B)re

the good Government of the said Company and the said Committee, and ’ also the Sub-committee and their several Engineers, Agents, Servants* and Workmen, and for the whole compleat and total Superintendance of the said intended Cut and Navigation, and of the other Works, Undertakings, and Improvements hereby authorized or directed to be made or any of them, and also for ordering and securing and safely and conveniently Rationing or placing of the Ships or Vess-ls coming into or lying within the said River Tees, between its Junction with the Sea and the said Bridge at Stockton aforesaid, and for loading and unloading, mooring and unmooring ^hereof, and for the Safety and Preservation of the Goods and Merchandize landed or landing, shipping or intended to be shipped thee. and of the Works to be made or done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, and for the Appointment, Regulation, Direction, and well con- dufting of Ships or Vessels into or out of or whilst within such Part of the said River as aforesaid, and of the Use of Fires and the melting of combustible Mat ers on board any such Ship or Vessel, and for regulating all Boats, Wherries, Lighters, and other small Craft kept or used for Hire in such Parts.of the said River and the Rates anti Fares to be taken by the Owners ther>o'f; and also for regulating all Corn Meters*

Pilots, Watermen, and Tidesmen, on the Lid River, and the Rates and Fares 10 be by them taken respectively; anti for removing and preventing Nuisances or Encroachments within the Liberties of the said River or any other Matter or Thing not herein-before particularly specin-d as shall from Time to Time appear necessary and proper, and to alter, vary or repeal the same as Occasion shall require, and to unpole reasonable Fines arid Penalties for the Breach and Non-observance of such Bye Laws, Rules,

Ordeis and Regulations, so as no One Penalty shall exceed Ten Pound1, which f ines and Penalties shall’be recovered as and levied as Fines, Penalties and Forfeitu es by this Act inflicted cr imposed are hereby directed to be recovered and levied; and that *11 such Bye Laws, Rules,

Orde's and Regulations, Rates and Fates, and the Fines and Penalties for [Lot. FJ Per.] 10 R the

H4 48‘ GEORGII m. Cap. 48.

the Breach and Non-performance thereof shall be obligatory and binding and shall be sufficient in any Court or Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the fame, provided that the same shall from lime to Time as often as they shall be made, altered, or va’ied, be reduced into Writing under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors and be put up either in Print or in Writing in a clear legible Hand in the Custom House at Stockton aforesaid, and in such other Place or Places as the said general Assembly or Assemblies may appoint, and at all Times to remain and be in the said Places, and upon Application a Copy thereof shall be delivered to any Captain or Owner of any Ship or Vessel requiring the Erne on Payment of the Sum of Sixpence: Provided always, that the said Rules, Orders, and Bye Laws, or any of them, shall not be contrary or repugnant to the Laws, Statutes, or Customs of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained or any of them, nor prejudicial or derogatory to any Right, Authority, or Jurisdiction belonging to the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or to thcf Lord Bishop of Durham for the Time being, or the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Stockton aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons claiming under such Lord Bishop, nor to any Claims for Anchorage or Groundage or any other Rights and Privileges of any Lord of a Manor or Manors or any Person or Persons claiming under him, or of any Proprietor of Lands adjoining the said River, further or otherwise than is expressly authorized by this Act.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Bye Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation shall be varied or repealed unless I en Days previous Notice of such inttndeJ Alteration or Repeal shall be fucd in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being of the said Company of Proprietors upon the Town Hall, Market Cross, and Custom House within the said Town of Stockton, and such Notices to be advertised Once in some Two or more Papers usually circulating in the Neighbourhood of Stockton aforesaid, r.or unless a greater Number of Proprietors than were prelcmat the making any such Bye Law', Rule, Order, or Regulation shall be present and confenc thereto; and w every such general Assembly shall have Power to call for, audit, and settle

auditA:- all Accounts of Money received, laid out, and disbursed on Account of

the said Cut or Canal Navigation and other Works and Improvements by the Treasurer, Receivers, or Collectors of the Rates, and other Officers by them appointed, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed by or concerned for or under them in and; about the said Undertaking and the Works thereto belonging, and the said Company of Proprietors shall have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time to such Place or Places as shall at such general Assemblies be thought meet and convenient.

If Seven or L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any such dated more Pro- general Assembly there shall not be Seven or more Proprietors present Cerent"#"0* no Choice °* any Committee, nor any Removal of any Person or Persons general from any such Committee, nor any Election of any Person or Persons in the CM«rin the ^oom fU£h of the Members of any such Committees who shall die lobe ad."6 or decline to act or be so removed shall be made at that Time, but in such Case there shall be another general Assembly of the said Company of Pro-7 . h prietots

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 695

prictors of the said Navigation and Undertaking at the same Place in the Week then next following and on the same Day in that Week, and so from Time to Time until there shall be Seven or more Proprietors present at such Assembly, and fur h Choice, Removal, or new Appointment of any Member of any such Committee shall then take place and not before-, and the Persons then chosen to be of any such Committees shall have the fame Powers which they would have had and shall continue in such Offices until such Time as they would have done had they been chosen by any such general Assembly on the Day fist appointed ior holding the fame; and in case of Failure of the afilmbling of a sufficient Number of Proprie- Penalty on tors at such First Assembly, every Male Proprietor usually residing at »o°?^tenrfin£ Stockton or within Twenty Miles of that Place who shall not attend such Meeting. Second Assembly shall forfeit to the said Company of Proprietors for every Share which he shall posseL in the said Navigation or Undertaking the Sum of Five Shillings, to be deducted out of the nexc succceding Payment of Interest or Dividends of the Profits of the said Undertaking as the Case may happen; and in case no_ Interest or Dividends shall be payable to such Person or Persons so making Default as aforesaid within Six Calendar Months next after the making such Default, then the Payment of such Forfeiture to be recovered by the Ways and Means hereinafter appointed for the recovering of any of the other Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this Act.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear that Po wer so call for the more eftVftcal putting this Act into Execution a special general Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors is necessary to be held, it shall 'gel.cy. '"t be lawful for any Five or more of them to cause Fourteen Days Notice at least to be given thereof in any Two or more Newspapers usually circulating in the Neighbourhood of Stockton aforesaid or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any general Assembly direct or appoinr, specifying in such Notice the Reason and Intention of requesting Inch special Assembly and the Time when and Place where the same shall be held, which Place shall be within Twenty Miles of the said intended Cur, and the said Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuanr to such Notice, and such of them as shall be present shall proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given to the said Company of Proprietors with respect to the Matters (o specified only, and all such Acts of the Proprietors or of the major Part of them met together at every such special general Assembly (provided Seven Proprietor at the least shall be present) shall be as valid with respect to the Matter specified in such Notice as if the lame had been done at any dated general Assembly.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power reap-Company of Proprietors at any general Assembly and they are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time to nominate and appoint by Writing under their Hands or the Common Seal o( the said Company a Treasurrr or Treasurers, and One or more Collector or Collectors of the said Tonnage Rates, and also One or more Clerk or Clerks to the Did Company o( Proprietors and to the Lid Committee and to the Subcommittee htrein-after mentioned, taking such Security from such Clerk,

CoiJeftor, or other Officer having the Care or Custociy of any Money to be raised or received by virtue of this Act for the due Execution of their ^espective Offices as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper,

and

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

and such Clerk or Clerks shall in a proper Book or Books to be provided by the said Company of Proprietors for that Purpose ent-r and keep a true and perfect Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, and of the several Persons who shall from Time to Time become Owners and Proprietors of or entitled to any Share or Shares therein, and of all Acts, Proceedings, and Trans-ac't.'ons of the said Company of Proprietors, and of the General or Sub-committee by virtue of and under the Authority of this Act, and each of the said Proprietors of the said Navigation and Undertaking shall and may at all convenient Times have Recoiufe to and peruse and inlptd the fame and also the Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioner* gratis, and may demand and have Copies thereof or of any Part thereof, paying for every One hundred Words so to be copied the Sum of Sixpence , and if any such Clerk or Clerks to the said Company and the said Committee or Sub-committee or to the Commissioners shall refuse to permit any Proprietor or Proprietors so interested as aforesaid to inspector peruse such Book or Books of Proceedings at all convenient Times and Seasons, or refuse to make any such Copy or Copies at the Rate or Price aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings-, and in case any such Treasurer, Collector, or Clerk shall die or quit the Service of the said Proprietors cr of such Committee or Sab-committee as aforesaid, or by reason of any Negligrner, Misconduct, or Inability it (had be requiftte to remove him or them, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Proprietors assembled at any such stated or special general Assembly as aforesaid and for the said Commiccee of the Did Proprietors to remove any such Treasurer, Collector, or Clerk, and in case any such Treasurer, Collector, or Clerk shall die, be removed from, or quit the Service of the said Company of Proprietors or of the said Committee or Subcommittee, then it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors at their stated or special general AlTcmblies or for the Committee of the said Proprietors to appoint any other fit Person or Persons to execute such Office or Offices in the Place of the Person or Persons who shall so dir, be removed from, or quit the Service of the said Proprietors or of the said Committee or Sub-committer, but in case any fmh new Appointment be made by the said Committee the lame shall only continue until the next stated or special general Assembly of the said Proprietors when the Appointment of such Person or Persons to such relprdive Office or Offices shall either be confirmed or such other fit Person or Persons appointed to succeed to such Office or Offices as the Did Proprietors at such Itated or special general Assembly may think proper; and all such Treasurers Col-leftors, and Clerks, and all other Officers of the said Company of Proprietors who may at any Time relign or be removed, and the respective Executors or Administrators and each and every of them of any such Officers who may die shall, within Twenty Days after Notice given in Writing to him, her, or them for that Purpose, produce and dclrver up to the said Committee for the Time being ail Books, Accounts, Papers, or Writings relative to the Execution of such respective Offices which shall be in his, her, or their Custody or Power, and every such Officer and other Person as aforesaid neglecting or refusing to deliver up such Books, Accounts, Papers, or Writings shall for every such Neglect or Retufal ioifeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds.

4&* GEORGII III. Cap.,48. 897

LIII. And be it furiiier enacted, That no Refplution shall b? taken pr Business clone except for the Porpose ot Adjournment at any of the Meet- Confiftof itlgsof the said Committee unlcis Three Persons of such Committee shall Three Persons. be. prefsm; and, that ali Orders for Payment of Money by the Treaffirer shall be signed by a Majority of the Committee prefect at such Meeting, D.Jty of the anti all such Orders fiiail be entered in the Company’s Books, and the ^ommitiee Cleikihall be intruded with the Money from Time to Time by an Ord?r in Writing signed by a Majority of the said Committee upon the Collector or Troalurei to enable luth Clerk to pay all Expences incur,red by him in tin C'r.M'fc of his Office, and he shall account for the same to,the Committee who Ilia 1 regularly examine and sign the said Accounts as often as they fhaif fee iitj. and the said Collectors or Treasurets Accounts lb all be examined and compaied with the Books of the Paid Committee every Half Tear and shall be made up and the Balance settled and signed by the said Committee or any Three or more of them; and further, that no Member of the said Committee (although he may be a Proprietor of more than One Share in the said Navigation) shall have more than One Vote in any Committee except the Chairman, who dial) be chosen by. and out of che said ’Committee, and who in case of an Equality of Votes upon any Quedioo agitated in the said Committee shall have the calling Vote afihough he may have given One Vote before; and that all the Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in or directed to be exercised by the said Committee may be done and exercised by the major Part of them present at their respective Meetings, the whole Number present not being less than Three at such Committee, and every such Committee as aforesaid shall from T me to Time make Reports of their Proceedings to the said general A/fcmblies or if required to the said special general Assemblies of the Prop'te or?, and shall obey their Orders and Directions; and the said Commuter ih^ i (subjtd nevertheless at all Times to such Orders and 1) rectii i s as afccsaid) meet at such Times and Places and shall from Time to Tme ac'jour.t themselves to such other Time and Place as they ibail think fir, but no Person holding any Place, Office, or Employmeqt Under the said Company shall be capable of being chosen to serve upon any Committee during tire 'i itac of his Continuance in such Piace, Office, or Employment; and in order to defray the Expences of their Meetings the iaid Committee shall from Time to Time receive out of the said Capital $tock of the said Proprietors such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be ditefted, adjusted, and settled at such general Afiembhes, and the said Committee (subjtd nevertheless ac ail Times to such Orders and Dirt (lions as aforesaid) (Viali make Agreements and Bargains with the Workmen, Agents, Unckriakers, and other Persons employed cr concerned in making and compleating the said navigable Cut and all and every Other the Works, Undertakings, and Improvements hereby authorized to be made, and all and every Parr, and Parts thereof; and shall by them-feives or their Clerk or Clerks as aforesaid keep a full and true Account of all Money disbursed and Payments made by the said Committee andhy all and every Person and Persons employed by or under them, and of ali and every Sum and Sums of Money which they shall receive on Behalf or in relptd of the said Undertaking from any Collector or Col'.cdors of the said son.nage Rates or other Officer or Officers, or from any other Person-or Peilpns whomsoever employed in or having any Concerns,

Dealings, or Transactions with the said Undertaking, or in or with any Part or Parts thereof, and Hull regularly by themselves cr their Clerk or Clerks as aforesaid write, insert, and enter in a Book or \_Loc. Per.J 10 S' Books

89$ 48° GEORGII ill. Cap. 48.

Books to be from Time to Time provided at the Expence of the Did Company of Proprietors for that Purpose, Notes, Minutes, or Copies (as the Case shall require) of every such Contract, Bargain, Receipt, and Disbursement, and of all other their Orders and Proceedings, which Book or Books shall be deposited with and kept locked up under the Care and Direction of the said Committee: Provided always, that every Proprietor upon every reasonable Desire shall have free Access thereto as herein-before mentioned for his or her Inspection , and the said Committee shall have Power from Time to Time (fobjrCt nevertheless to the Directions and Controul of any such general Assembly) whenever they shall judge it expedient, by Writing under their Hands to appoint an Engineer or Engineers to inspect the Works of the said Cut or Canal and other Improvements, and also a Land Surveyor or Land Surveyors for any Purpose relating to the Execution of this Act; and every such Engineer and Land Surveyor shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors such Salary or Allowance as the said Committee shall direct or appoint, and any such Committee may remove any such Engineer and Land Surveyor whenever they shall think proper; and the said Committee shall also have Power from Time to Time to make such Call or Calls of Money from the Subscribers to and Proprietors of the said Undertaking to defray the Expences of or to carry on the same as they from Time to Time shall find wanting and necessary for those Purposes, so that no such Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds, and such Call shall not be made but at the Diltance of One Calendar Month at lead from each other, and Ten Days Notice at the lead shall be given ol all such Calls as aforesaidin such Manner as the said C >mpany of Pioprtetors shall at any genttal Assembly jdirect and appoint, and such Committee shall (subject nevertheless to the Orders and Directions of such general Assemblies as aforesaid) have full Power and Authority to direct and manage all and every the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors as well in contracting for and purcKafing Lands, Messuages, Tenements, and other Hereditaments and Materials foi the Life of the said Undertaking as in employing, crdering, and directing the Works and Workmen and in placing and displacing Under-officets, Cletks, Servants, and Agents, and in making all Contracts and Bargains touching the said Undertaking; and every Owner or Owners of any one or more Share or Shares in the fata Undertaking shall pay h'S, her, or their rateable Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid to such Person or Persons and at such Time and Place as the said Committee shall from Time to Time appoint and diiect; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part of the said Money so called for as aforesaid at the Time and Place appointed by such Committee, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sue for and recover the fame with full Costs of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or in the Court of Pleas at Durham by Action of Debr.

Recovery of JJV. And be it further enacted, That in Actions brought by the said

scriptionf. U " Company against any Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking to recover any Sum or Sums of Monty due and payable to the said Company for or by reafun of any Call or Calls made by virtue of this Act, ic shall be sufficient for the said Company to declare and alledge that the Defendant or Defendants being a Proprietor or Proprietors of such or so many Share or Shares in the said Navigation 1 and

48° GEORGII III. Cap.*.8. 899

and Undertaking is or are indebted to the said Company in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrear shall amount unto, for such or so many Call or Calls of such or so many Sum or Sums of Money, upon such or so many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants (as the Case may happen to be) whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company by virtue of this Act, without setting forth the special Matter, and on the Trial of such Action ic shall only be necessary to prove that the Defendant or Defendants at the Time of making such Call or Calls was or were a Proprietor or Proprietors of I'ome Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and that such Cali or Calls was or were in fast made and that such Notice thereof was given as is directed by this Act, without proving the Appointment of the Committee who made such Call or Calls or any other Matter whatsoever; and the said Company shall thereupon be entitled to recover what shall appear due unless it shall appear that any such Call exceeded the Sum of Ten Pounds for every Sum of One hundred Pounds, or was made within the Distance of One Calendar Month from the last preceding Call or without Notice given as aforesaid, and after Judgment shall be given for the said Company in any such Action, Execution shall not be (fayed by reason of any Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein, unirfs such Defendant or Defendants with Two sufficient Sureties shall first become bound to the said Company by Recognizance to be acknowledged in the Court, in which such Judgment shall be given in double the Sum adjudged to the said Company by such Judgment to prosecute the said Writ of Error with Effect , and also if the said Judgment be affirmed or the said Wiit of Error be nonprossed, to fatftly and pay the Debts, Damages, and Costs, adjudged by the said Judgment, and all Curts and Damages to be awarded for Delay of Execution.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Owners, Propri- Power to re-etor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares of the said Undertaking shall for the Space of One Calendar Month after such Call or Calls ought to have not aufweting been paid as aforesaid rctufe or nrglrft to make good the fame and to pay Cail»; his, her, or their Share or Shares of the Money to be so called for from Time to Time by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company ot Proprietors to flop and retain the Shares, Divi- aifotofeil the dends, and Profits of the said Undertaking which shall from Time to Shsrcl-Time become payable to such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors so neglecting or refusing, and to apply the fame from Time to Time for and towards the Payment of the Monies so called for and which ought to have been paid by such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors so neglecting or refusing, until such Money shall be satisfied with Interest after the Rate ot Five Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Time the lame was appointed or ought to have been paid, and that the Share or Shates of such Defaulter or Defaulters shall be liable to answer and make good the fame Money io called for and which ought to have been paid and the Interest thereof as aforesaid; and in ca'e such Money and Interest shall be unpaid for the Space of Two Calendar Months after fueik Call or Calls as aforesaid ought to have been paid, then and in every such Case it shall and may, be lawful to and for the said Company of Pioprieiors cr their Committee for the Time being and thty are hereby empowered to authorize and direct the Clerk for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors to fell by Public Auction to the belt

Bidder

9.00

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Bidder at such Time and Place as the said Company or their Comm ittee shall direct (of which Sale Fourteen Days Notice at the lead shall be given by publishing the fame in the London Gazette and in One or more Newspapers at that Time usually circulating in the County of Durham or the North Rid ng of the County o{York) and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee or any Five or more of them to assign and transfer the Share and Shares of such Defaulter or Defaulters unto such Person or Perforn as shall become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and to receive and give Receipts for the Monty which shall be agreed to be paid or given for such Share and Shares, and thereout to pay all such Monies and Interest as may be due from such Defaulter or Defaulters in respect of such Call or Calls as aforesaid, and all reasonable Costs and Charges attending every such Sale and Albgnment, and such Alignment and Transfer shall be good, valid, and effectual against all Defaulters and all Persons claiming under them: Provided always, that in case the whole Number of Calls authorized by this Act shall not at the Time of such Sale and Assignment be completed, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee for the Time being, to receive and retain the Surplus Monies remaining in their Hands, after making good such former Cali or Calls and the Expences of such Sale and Alignments or such Part of the said Surplus as shall be necessary for the Purposes of paying all future Calls by virtue of this Act upon the Proprietors so making Default, and that in case any Surplus shall finally remain of the Monies raised by virtue of such Sale and Alignment as aforesaid, the same shall be rendered and paid to such lad mentioned Proprietor or Proprietors upon Demand: Provided also, that in case the Monies produced by such Sale and Assign-mer.t shall be inadequate to Satisfy the whole Amount of the several Calls upon such iaft mentioned Proprietor or Proprietors, their Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns by virtue of this Act, and such Charges and Expences as aforesaid attending che fame, the said Proprietor or Pioprhtors shall continue liable to make good the Deficiency therein, which D firiency shall be recoverable at such Time or Times and by such Ways a: d Means as herein in that Behalf directed: Provided also, that no such Sha e or Shares shall be fold or advertised for Sale until the Expiraa tion of Out Calendar Month next after such Notice in Writing shall have been given by the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors to the Owner or Owners thereof, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling-hou'e or ulualor last Place of Abode, in which Notice shall be contained a Statement and exact Account how much Money is due from such Person or Persons for his, her, or their Call or Calls, in respect of his, her, or their Share or Shares in the said Undertaking.

Power to ap- I,

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said pome Sub- Committee to nominate and appoint out of their own Body One or more committee. Sub-committee or Sub-committees (every such Sub committee to consist of Three or more Persons) who shall have full Power and Authority to enter into and make any such Contrafts or Agreements on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, and to hire and employ any Agents, Workmen, or Servants in and about the said Undertaking, and to do, execute, and perform all other Matters and Things whatsoever in and about the said Undertaking which the said Committee are them-lelves herein-before authorized to do, or such of them as the said Committee

9oi

4$* GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

mittee ffia 1 think proper to entrust to the Care and Management of any such Sub-commitcee or Sub- committees slave and except nevertheless the appointing ot Clerks, Collectors, Engineers, Surveyors, and other prn-cipal Officers, and the auditing and settling of the Accounts of the i'rea-lurer or Treasurers, Clerks, Collect'rs, Engineer', Surveyors, and other principal Officers, and the making Calls for Money upon the Proprietors of the said Undertaking) and that it shall be lawful for the said Committee for the Time being to order and direct such Comprnfatiin or Re-compenceto be made to the said Sub-committee or Sub-committees from Time to Time as they shall think rralonable; and it shall also be lawful for the said Committee by an Order or Resolution for that Purpose to break up and difiolve any such Sub-commitree or Sub-committees, or to remove or displace any Member or Members thereof and appoint some o her or offiers in his or their place and (lead when and as otten as such Committee shall think proper and expedient, and such Sub-committee shall have full Power and Authority to meec from Time to Time and adjourn from Place to Place as they shall think proper and as Occasion shall require for effectuating the Purports aforesaid, and ali Powers and Authorities hereby verted or which shall by the said Committee be verted in fuel) Sub-committee or Sub-committees within the Intent and Meaning of this Act shall and maybe exercised by the major Part of the Members prclent at their respective Meetings, the whole Number present not being less than three, 3nd at all Meetings of such Sub-committees respectively One of the Members prefenr shall be appointed President or Chairman, and all Questions shall be decided by the Majority ot Votes, and the President or Chairman shall have the carting Vote in cafeot an equal D.v.fton although he may have given One Vote btfote.

LVII. Provided aTo, and be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Previfionin Owners of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall happen t-o jair:bof die before such Call or Calls shall have been made for the tub Sum to twto'^suh- be advanced on each Share which he, ffie, or they shall have been pol- scription is sessed of or entitled to without having made Provision by Will or other- ‘uliyraid-wife how or in what Manner such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how or by what Means the future Calls in resptd thereof shall be paid to the said Company of Proprietors for the Purpose of the said Undertaking, then and in such Case the Executors or Administrators of any such Owners so dying, or the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Commi:tees,

Guardian or Guardians of any Lunatic or Lunatics, Infant or Infants, or of any other Person or Persons entitled to the Eft-te and Effects of such Owner deceased, shall be incemnified against all ami every such Infant or Infants and again!! all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever for or on account of his, her, or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money when called for as aforesaid to compleat every such Subscription j and if such Owner or Owners deceased shall not have left Assets fuffkienc or in case the Executors cr Administrators, Trusti-e or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians, shall refute or neglect to answer such Calls, the said Company of Proprietors shall be and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons to be a Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares cf such Owner or Owners deceased, on Condition that h?, ffie, or they so admitted do and shall on or before such Admission pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, or to the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians of any Lunatic or Lunatics,

\Loc. & Per.] 10 T Infant

902

1

Power to Proprietors to fell Shares.

Form of Con-vejance.

48'* GEORG 11 111. Cap. 48.

Infant or Infants, or to any other Person or Persons who may be entitled to his or her Effects, the full Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners in his, her, or their Life-time, by virtue of any Call or Calls or otherwise upon such Share or Shares or such Other Sum or Sums of Money as the lame cm be sold for and in case no such Person or Persons shall be found who is or are willing co be admitted on such Condition as aforesaid, then and in such Case such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to and become vested in the Rest of the Company of Proprietors of the said Undertaking, in Trust for and for the Benefit of all the Rest of the said Proprietors in Proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, or shall at the Discretion of the said dated or special general Afifemblies be publicly fold for the Use of the Rest of the said Proprietors whose Shares and lncercits shall not have b.-cu forfeited as aforesaid, provided that no Advantage shall be t km of any Forfeiture of any Share or Shares until Notice shall have been given to or left at the usual or iaft Place or Places of A bode of the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares respectively, provided such Place or Places of Abode shall be known and shall be within Ten Miles gt the said Cut or Canal, or otherwise by Advertisement in feme Two or more Newspapers usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of Suckton aforesaid, nor until the fame Share or Shares shall likewise have been declared to be torfeited ac some dated or special general Assembly of the Proprietors within Twelve Calendar Months next after such Forfeiture shall have been incutred.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to lell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, she, or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned, the Conveyance of which Shaie shall be in the Form or to the Effect following:

I A.B. of in Consideration of paid to

me by C.D. of do hereby bargain, fell,

‘ assign, and transfer to the said C. D.

the Sum of Capital Stock of the Tees Navigation Company (bring No. of the Shares of the said Company) to hold to

the said C.D. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns (or Successors and Assigns in case of any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate) subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and on the fame < Conditions that I held the fame immediately before the Execution < hereof; and I the said C D. do hereby agree to take and

accept the said Capital Stock or Share of subject to the fame

Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions. As Witness our Hands , and Seals the Day of .’

And on every such Sale the said Deed of Conveyance (being executed by the Seller or Sellers and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares) shall be kepe by the said Purchaser or Purchasers for his, her, or their Security alter the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company ot Proprietors shall have entered in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale for the Use of the said Company, and have testified or indorsed the Entry of such Memo ul on the said Deed of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid, and the said Clerk or Clerks is or are herthy required to make such Enery or Memorial accordingly and until such Memo-5 rial

48‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 903

rial Ihsrll have been made and entered as above directed such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking nor any Interest for such Share or Shares paid unto him, her, or them, or any Vote in respect thereof as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That after any Cal! of such Morey shall r n case a Call have been made by such Commitree as aforesaid no Person or Persons iTorTVans shall (ell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall fer 10 fake possess in the said Undertaking upon pain of forfeiting his, her, or their c,

respective Share or Shares to the said Company of Proprietors in Trust is for the Benefit of all the said Proprietors in Proportion to their respetLve Interests, unless he, she, or they at the Time of such Sale or Transfer shall have paid and discharged to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share so fold or transferred, such Forfeiture nevertheless to be notified and declared at a general Assembly in Manner before directed.

LX. And whereas much Inconvenience may arise by the frequent E/iHence re-Tr.msfer and Sale of the Right and Title to the Shares of and in the said to"shar°s\ly' Undertaking by the Marriage and Death of Proprietors, and it may be Manage or difficult in such Cases to ascertain to whom the Dividends arising or be- ^1dd[^£or coming due upon such Shares ought to be paid and do belong; be it there- tions.' fore further enacted, That before any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking in Right of Marriage shall be entitled to receive the same, an Affidavit containing a Copy of the Register of such Marriage or the Effed of such Register shall be made and sworn to by some credible Person before One of the Judges at Westminster, a Master or Masters extraordinary in Chancery, or one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and the said Judges, Master or Masters extraordinary in Chancery, and Justices of the Peace are hereby authorized and empowered to swear any such Person to such Affidavir, and such Affidavit shall be transmitted at the Expence of the Party or Parties to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Company for the Time being, who shall file the fame and make an Entry thereof in the Book or Books which shall be kept by the said Clerk or Clerks for the Entry of Transfers and Sales of Snares, and that before any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking by virtue of any Bequest or Will or in a Course of Administration shall be entitled to receive the same, the said Will or the Probate Copy thereof shall be produced and shewn to the said Clerk or an Affidavit containing a Copy of so much of such Will as shall relate to the Share or Shares of the Tel-tator, or the Letters of Administration in case the Proprietor shall have died intestate, shall be made and Iworn to by an Executor or Execotor9 of such Will, or by an Admimstrator or the Administrators of the Estate and Effects (as the Case may happen to be) before One of the Judges ae Westminster, a Master or Masters extraordinary in Chancery, or one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and shall also be transmitted at the Expence of the Parties to the said Cicik or Clerks who shall file and enter the fame in Manner herin-before mentioned.

LXI. And whereas in case where the original Subscriber of one or more I" oir Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die, become insolvent, or otke'wirethan

Bankrupt,

9°4

l>v DeeJ, AS.

davir to be made of the Fadt*.

Name*, &c. ol JAupneters to be irg:ftered.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer his Right fnd Interest to some other Person, and no Register shall be made of the Transfer thereof with the said Clerk as directed by this Act, it may not be in the Power of the said Company of Proprietors or their Treasurrr or Clerk to know who is the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares in order to give him, her, or them Notice or Notices of C'acts made on such Share or Sturts as is hereby required, and to maintain any Action or Actions against him, her, or them for the Recovery of the lame, or for the Pir-pnfe of paying safely to him, her, or them the Inrereft <r Dividends to which he, she, or thty may be entitled by virtue thereof; be it further enacted, That in all the Cales last aforesaid when the Right and Property-in one or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pass from the original Proprietor thereof to any other Person or Persons by any other legal Means than by a Transfer or Conveyance ihereof as herein drested, which is hereby required to be produced to the said Clerk for the Purpose-hertin expressed, an Affidavit shall be male and fwoin to by some credible Person before One of His Majesty's Justicts of the Pea<e, (fating the Manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have p.iffed to such other Person or Person', and which Affidavit shall be rranfmitied to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors to thclnter.t that lie may and he is hereby re-quested to enter and register the N-me or Names of every such new Proprietor or Proprietors in the Register Book or Lift of Proprietors in the said Undertaking to be kept in the Office of the said Clerk; and that in all or any of the Cafes it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors at any general Meeting after Notice shall be given by the said Ttealurer or Clerk to the Owners or Persons claiming by such Affidavit to be Owner or Owners thereof, and after such Person or Persons shall not have paid his, her, or their Proportion of the Money become payable by virtue of any Cali or Calls as aforesaid, at any general M eting to declare the fame Shaie or Shares to be forfeited, and in such Case the lame shall be and become forfeited and fold and disposed of in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall direct or otherwise became confoitdated in the general Fund of the said Company.

LXII. And, for the better Security of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking to their respective Shares therein, be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and aie hereby required at their Second or fume subsequent general Assembly to cause he % am s and proper Additions of the several Persons who shall be entitled to the Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of Shares or the Amount of all the Subs< riptions which they are then respectively entitled to hold, and also the proper Nonibc-r by which every such Share shall be distinguuhed to be fail ly and disti &ly entered in a Book to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, and after such Entry to cause their Common Seal to be affixed thereto, and shall also cause as many Tickets to be prepared as there 3re Shaies in the said Undertaking, bearing relprctively the correspondent Numbers in the Lid Book with the Common Seal of the said Company affixed to every such Ticket, and to cause to be delivered to every such Subscriber upon Demand a Ticket for every such Share to which he or she is entitled in the said Undertaking, every such P.oprietor paying to the Clerk or Clerks Two Shillings and Sixpence and no more for every such Ticket, and such Ticket shall be admitted as Evidence of the Title of such Subscriber, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns to the Share or Shares therein JpeciSed, but the Want of such

Ticket,

9°5

4$° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Ticket shall not hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the said Shares from felling or disposing thereof; and in case any such Ticket or Instrument shall become defaced, worn out, or damaged, then upon the fame being brought to the Committee they shall order another to be made otic jn its Place, and so also in case the same shall have been totally destroyed or loft and so proved to be to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and such new Ticket or instrument shall be thereupon entered by the Clerk in the same Manner and upon the fame Terms as the original Ticket or instrument.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Assignment, Transfer, Bargain, or Sale of any Share or Shares or other instrument giving Title to any such Share or Shares which shall not have been entered or registered as directed by this Act shall be given or admitted asEvidence either to defeat any Action or Suit brought or to be brought by the said Company of Proprietors to recover the said Calls or to entitle any Person or Persons to recover any Share or Shares forfeited to the said Company of Proprietors, or to make the said Company of Proprietors liable to the Payment of In. tereftor Dividends to any other Person than such as appears upon the said Book to be Proprietors of the said Shares, but that in all such Cases the said Book shall be considered as sufficient and conclusive Evidence of the Proprietorfiv.p of the said Shares,

EXIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said intended Cut or Canal shall be made Navigable by Ships or Vessels of Pen Tons Measurerrent and upwards, there shall be payable and paid to the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors for or on Account of every Ship or Vessel (being above Ten Tons Measurement) coming into or going out of the said River Tees, and unlading or putting ashore or lading or taking on board any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize (whether the same shall amount to a full Cargo or nor, and without making any Abatement or Deduflion for or on Account of the Weight, Quantity, or Quality of such Cargo, and whether such Ships or Vessels shall take or deliver their Cargoes or Lading at any Public Quay at Stockton aforesaid or in any other Part of the said River Tees, or in any Place situate upon or near the said River, or any Cut, Lear, or Stream communicating the rewith) by the Master or Commander, Owner or Owners of every such Ship or Vessel, the several Rates and Duties on Tonnage herein-afeer particularly mentioned and described; (that is to say).

For every Ship or Vessel trading to or from the said River Tees from or to any Port or Place in Great Britain, for every Ton the Sum of Sixpence:

For every British Ship or Vessel trading to or from the said River Tees from or to any Foreign Port or Place (except British Ships or Vessels laden with Norway Timber only and no other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever), for every Ton the Sum of Nine-pence:

JFor every British Shjp or Vessel trading to the said River Tees from any Foreign Port or Place and laden with Norway Timber only and no other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, for every Ton the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Foreign Ship or Vessel trading to or from the said River Tees from or to any Foreign Port or Place, (except Foreign Ships or Vessels [hoc. Ber.J 10U laden

Perfor.s appearing to be Proprietor* on the Rrgilter Book to be deemed such to an fiver Calls, Ac, ,

Duties to b« raised under this Act.

906 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

laden wirh Norway Timber only and no other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever) for every Ton the Sum of One Shilling and

Sixpence:

For every Foreign Ship or Vessel trading to the said River Tees, from any Foreign Fort or Place and laden with Norway Timber only and no other Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatever, for every Ton the

Sum ot One Shilling:

All whion said Rates and Duties on Tonnage shall be and are hereby vested in the said Company of Proprietors or their Succtflbr? for the Purposes of this Act, and /h ill be paid to the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons from Time to Time appointed by the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors for that Purpose, in pursuance of the Power or Authority herein-before contained, at the Costom-house in Stockton aforesaid, at the Time of such Ships or Vessels Entry inwards or Clearance or Discharge outwards, or in case any Ships or Vessels shall not enter as aforesaid, then at any Time before such Ships or Vessels shall leave the said Port of Stockton.

Government

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Vessels or Vessels Ships of War belonging to His Majesty and other Vessels employed in c ' P‘‘ His Majesty's Service shall be exempted from the Payment of all and every the Rates and Duties on Tonnage hereby granted.

VetTeis driven

LXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That all Ships or wither'1'*f Vessels which shall be forced into the said Port of Stockton or into any Part exempted. of the said River Tees by the Enemy or by receiving Damage at Sea or otherwise, and shall in the said Port discharge and unlade in order to repair any Damage fullained by such Ships or Vessel', and shall relade the Goods and Merchandizes so difclurged or unladen, shall be exempted from the Payment of all and every the said Rates and Duties on Tonnage hereby granted.

chfele<I°be EXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Rates and conFn? iinhf Duties on Tonnage by this Act imposed shall be compuced and charged on Certificate uf all Ships and Vessels liable to the Payment thereof according to the Admeasurement contained in the Certificate of Registry of or belonging to Tobemeatur- such Ships or Vessels respectively, and shall be collected accordingly; and r- or t*lat 'n ca*e an^ ^acb ^hip or shall be unregistered at any British

enSRet'ui'ai to Port or in case the Owner or Mailer thereof shall refuse or decline to tiiew certifi- produce the Certificate of Registry thereof, such Ship or Vessel shall and may be measured in the usual Manner at the said Port of Stockton, by the Surveyor of the Customs there (who shall be allowed such Sum or Sums of Money for his Trouble as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper) and the said Rates and Duties on Tonnage shall be computed, charged, and collected according to such last mentioned Act measurement.

Recovery of

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of Denial or Neglect of R:>t:s. Payment of any such Tonnage Rates or any Part thereof on Demand to the Person or Persons appointed to receive the same as aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors may sue for the lime by Action of Debt or upon the Cafe in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, or the Person

or

907

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

of Persons to whom such Rates ought to have been paid may and he or they is and are hereby empowered to lcize the Ship or Vessel in re-spedt whereof any such Rates ought to have been paid, together with the Tackle, Rigging, Apparel, and Cargo thereof, and detain the fame until such Payment shall be made, and also until Payment of all Arrears of the said Tonnage Rates which may be due from the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel to the said Company of Proprietors, together with reasonable Charges for such Seizure and Detention, and if such Ship or Vessel, Tackle, Rigging, and Cargo shall not be redeemed within Seven Days next after the taking thereof, the same shall be appraised and sold as the I.aw ciiredts in Cafes of Diltrcfs for Rent; and the said power to Company of Proprietors shall have full Power from Time to Time at *jet'0 any dated or special general Assembly to lower all or any of the said rajfe the tame, Tonnage Rates and again to raise the same as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Rates before mentioned, as often as it shall be deemed necessary for the Interest of the said Navigation and Undertaking.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Masteror Owner, or penaityon other Person taking upon himself the Command, or acting as, or appear- Masters of ing to be the Mader of any Ship or Vessel liable to the Payment of reiufiiigto the said Rates or Duties on Tonnage, shall refuse or decline to produce produce the Certificate of Regidry thereof, or to permit the same to be mea- Certificate, fused as aforesaid, or shall elude or evade the Payment of any such Rates or Duties by any Method whatsoever, every such Mader or Owner cr o her Person or Persons as aforesaid shall for every Offence forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, and shall moreover dand charged with and be liable to the Payment of the fame Rates and Duties for or in' respect of the fame Ship or Vessel.

LXX. And for the better preventing any Delay or Evasion in the Payment Duties to be of the Rates and Duties on Tonnage imposed by this Act as aforesaid; be it further enacted, That no Cudomer, Collector, Receiver of Entrance or tries of Ships, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer whatsoever at

of His Majesty's Customs at the said Port of Stocklon shall take or houtil receive, or grant or issue any Entry, Report, Cocket, Permit, Sufferance, or other Dispatch inwards or outwards, for any Ship or Vessel coming into or going out of the said Port and liable to the Payment of-any of the said Tonnage Duties until the Mader or Owner of such Ship or Vessel shall produce a Receipt or other sufficient Voucher for the Payment of the said Rates and Duties on Tonnage from the Collector or Coledtors or other proper Perlcn appointed to receive the same (which Receipt or Voucher such Collector or Collectors of the (said Rates or Duties on Tonnage is hereby required to give without Fee or Reward under the Penalty of a Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings to the said Company) and that every Cudomer, Collector, Receiver of Entries of Ships, Surveyor, Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of or concerning the said Customs making Default in any of the Matters enjoined them by this Act, shall forfeit to the said Company a Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings.

908

Duties to be a Port Charge.

Anti t.T be prty.ib'r for Vesselsdeiiver ing Cargoes in any Pai.t of the River Tece.

Matters or Owners of Ships anlvrer-able for Damage, &c.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Rates or Duties on Tonnage to be collc&rd from Ships or Vessels as aforesaid shall be deemed and taken to be a fort Charge, and Two Third Parts thereof shall be repaid to the Mailer, Owner, or Snip’s Husband of such Ship or Vessel by the Merchant or Freighter, Merchants or Freighters, or by his or their Agent or Agents, or determined by the Shipper or Shippers, Receiver or Receivers of such Goods as may be taken on board of any Ship or Vessel liable to the said Rates or Duties on Tonnage, and in case ot Refusal to repay such Rates and Duties or such a Proportion thereof as aforesaid the same shall and may be recovered by Action at Law as in other Cafes of Debt.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Ships ana Vessels being above Ten Tons Register Acimcafurrment coming into the said River lees or any Part thereof, and navigating the rein, although the Cargoes of such Ships or Vessels or any of them or ary Part hereof respectively shall or may be taken in or delivered at Cargo Fleet. Midalef-trough, Newport, Porlrack, or in any other Part of the said River, or in any Part of the said intended Cut or Canal, or at any Q_ ay, Wbart, or oilier Place adjoining to or situate near the lame River o Cut, shall be charged with and subject to the Rates and Duties imposed by this Act, and to all such Rules, B\e Laws, Orders, and Regulations as (I all be made by virtue of this Act, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if such Ships and Vessels came to and uled the public Quays at Stockton afertsaid.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Mailer or Owner of any Ship, Boat, or Barge, or other Vessel frequenting, coming to, or lying or being in the said River Fees, or the said intended Cut or Canal, or rither of them or any Part thereof respectively shall be and is hereby made an-lwerable for any Damage, Spoil, or Mischief that shall be done by his Ship, Boar, Barge, or other Vessel, or by any of the Sailors, Boatmen, Watermen, or others belonging to or employed in or about the lame. Unto any of the Ships or Vessels, Wharfs, Buildings, or other Works abutting upon or adjoining to the said River or Cut, or by loading or unloading any Boat or Barge and for any Trespass or Damage that shall or may be done to the Owners of such Ships or Vessels, or the Owners qr Occupiers of any Buildings, Erections, Lands, or Tenements adjoining or lying near to the fame or any of them, or any Trespass whatsoever, the Amount or Value of such Damage, Spoil, or Mischief, or Trespass to be ascertained by any Two Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Pjace in which such Trespass or Damage shall be committed, and to be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty herein mentioned or directed to be recovered; and in case the Owner of any such Ship or Vessel, Boat or Barge as aforesaid shall be compelled to pay any Penalty or to make Satisfaction for any Damage or Trespass by reason of any wilful Act or Default done or committed by his Servant or Servants, every such Servant shall be liable to repay such Penalty or the Money paid for any such Damage or Trespass to such Owner, and in case of Non-payment thereof upon Demand, the same shall be recovered by such Owner in like Manner as any Penalty is herein authorized or directed to be recovered.

14

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

LXXR. And be it further enacted, That from and after the several principal Sums of Money (if any) which shall or may be borrowed by the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of the Powers hereby to them given for that Purpose and thelntertft attending the fame nspectively shall be fully satisfied and paid, the Residue and Surplus (if any) of the said Rates and Duties on Tonnage hereby granted which shall or may from Time to Time remain after and shall not be issued and applied for the other Purposes before mentioned, shall from Time to Time be placed out or invested in or upon Government or Real Securities at Interest, in the Name of the said Company of Proprietors; and the Interest, Dividends, and Yearly Proceeds arising and produced from the said Funds and Securities as the same shall come in and be received, shall from T.me to Time and in like Manner be placed out or invested according to the Course of Compound Interest, until such a Suin of Money shall be accumulated as shall produce Interest or Dividends sufficient to satisfy and pay as well any Yearly Sum or Sums of Money which may be agreed cr awarded to be paid to any Personor Persons under and by virtue of this Act byway of Compensation as before mentioned, as the Dividend or Interest hereby authorized and directed to be paid to the said Company of Piopdetors, and which Interest or Dividends of such accumulated Funds and Securities shall thenceforth be applied in lieu of the said Rates and Duties on Tonnage in Discharge of such Yearly Sum or Sums of Money as may be so agreed or awarded to be paid as last mentioned and of the Interest or Dividends hereby authorized and directed to be paid to the said Company of Proprietors as the same shall respectively from Time to Time become due and payable, and then and from thenceforth the said Rates and Duties on Tonnage hereby granted shall cease and determine; nevertheless it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors from Time to Time when and as eften as they shall have Occasion to raise any further Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of this Act, at any stated or special general Assembly to order and direct the fame Rates and Duties or any Part or Proportion thereof again to become and continue payable until the Sum or Sums necessary to be raised as last-mentioned shall be collected and made up but no longer, and the Rates and Duties so revived or ordered again to become payable shall from Time to Time be collected, received, and recovered by such Ways and Means as the original Rates or Duties on Tonnage are hereby authorized to be collected, received, and recovered.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, Thit it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee from Time to Time to call, get in, or dispose of the said Money so to be placed out or invested as last hereir.-before mentioned, and to place out or invert the fame again in or upon new or other Government or Real Securities at Interest as they shall think proper.

LXXVI. And whereas by making the said intended Cut or Canal in the Line and Direct ion marked in the said Plan the Communication now subsisting as well between such Lands or Hereditaments belonging to or reputed to belong to the said William ’Todd, William Russell, Esquire,’ar,d the Heir or Devilees of Micah Robirtfon deceased, James Crowe of Stockton aforesaid Merchant, and Matthew Wadefon of the same Place Merchant, as are situate, lying, or being on the Southern Side of the Line and Direc-[Lec. tsf Rer.J 10 X non

909

Application of Surplus of Rates.

Power to

change

Securities.

9io

Owners of Landsiepa-rated by the Cut to have Ferry Boat*.

Power toerrft Bridge at Man dale, and make a Road through the Holmes on the South ot th; Cut.

Compen fation to be made to the Owners of the Hof met.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

tion in which the said Cut or Canal is intended to be made and the Town of Stockton aforesaid, as between the fame Lands or Hereditaments and other Lands or Hereditaments belonging to the fame Persons respectively will be interrupted; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments on the South Side of the Line or Direction in which the said Cut or Canal is intended to be made, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, from Time to Time and at all Times after the said intended Cut or Canal shall be made, completed, and tendered navigable, at his or their own Costs and Charges to maintain One or more Ferry Boat or Ferry Boats upon the said Cut or Canal or any Part thereof, and to use the fame for the Purpose of passing over and across the said Cut or Canal, or for any other Purpose which he, she, or they may think proper, without being subject or liable to pay any Compensation for the fame: Provided nevertheless, that all and every such Ferry Boat and Feiry Boats as aforesaid shall be moored at either Side of the said Cut or Canal in such proper and convenient Place or Places as shall be from Time to Time for that Purpose fixed by the said Company of Proprietors at any general Assembly or by their Committee, and shall not in anywise hinder or obstruct the Navigation of the said Cut or Canal.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro-piietors or their Successors do and shall and they are hereby directed and required within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after they shall be ordered and required so to do by the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings, at their own Colls and Charges erect, make, and complete, or cause to be erected, made, and completed a Wooden Bridge over and across the River Tees at or near Mandate aforesaid, of such good, substantial, and convenient Conliruction, Materials, and Dimenficns, and in such Place as shall be approved of by the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings; and also do and shall within the same Time at their own Costs and Charges puichafe and set out to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners ac any of their Meetings such convenient Road or Roads, Way or Ways as may be necessary for a proper Communication for the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments on the South Side of the Line or Direction in which the said Cut or Canal is intended to be made to and from the same Lands or Hereditaments, over and across the said Bridge hereinbefore directed to be made, to and from the High Road leading from Guijbrovgb to Stockton aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors or their Successors making Satisfaction in Manner herein-before mentioned for the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be taken or used for making such Bridge and Roads, or which shall be thereby injured, damaged, or other wife affected.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for or nor-withstanding any Matter or Thing herein-before contained the Owner or Owners or other Person or Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments lying on the Southern Side of the said intended Cut shall and may have and receive Compensation in Manner herein-before mentioned for any Damage, Injury, or Inconvenience which he or they may suffer or sustain 9 for

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

9i 1

for and during loch Time as he or they shall or may be deprived of a Communication with the Town of Stockton aforesaid or his or their other Lands or Hereditaments, or for or by reason of any other Damage, Injury or Inconvenience which he or they may at any Time or Times from and after the passing of this Act buffer, sustain, or be put to by reason of the Communication between his or their Lands and the Town of Stockton aforesaid being rendered more circuitous or inconvenient, or for or by reason of any Tolls which he or they, or any of them, or I.is their, or any of their Tenants, Servants, Workmen, Horses, Cattle, or Carriages may become liable to in passing or going between such last mentioned Lands and Hereditaments and the Town of Stockton aforesaid, or for or by reason of the Execution of any other of the Powers or Authorities contained in this Act.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Cut or Canal or any Cut not to he of the Works whatsoever to be made by virtue of this Act shall not be commission of subject to the Controul, Direction, Survey, or Order of any Commission Sewcri. of Sewers or to any Law or Statute relating to Sewers whatsoever.

LXXX. And whereas it would tend greatly to the Benefic of the Trade Li^iuhoiUet^ and Navigation of the said River and to the Security and Safety not only of Ships and Vessels trading to the said Port of Stockton but also of Ships and Vessels passing along the Coast, to have Lights and Beacons so constructed as to shew the proper Course over the Bar of the River Tea, through want of which several Vessels are annually loft either in aitempting to enter the said Riveras a Place of Refuge from tetrpeftuous Weather, or by reason of Matters and Mariners not daring to make for that Harbour; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors if they shall think proper to erect or cause to be erected the requifue Light Houses and Beacons for directing the Course of Vessels over the Bar of the said River Tees, and to keep the said Lighc Houses lighted during the Periods of the Tide in which Vefllls may fately pass over the said Bar, and to discontinue such Light Houses and Beacons at their Will and Pleasure; and that towards defraying the Expence of erecting and maintaining the said Lights they shall, during such Period only as the said Lights shall be regularly maintained and exhibited as aforesaid, be entitled to receive the following Rates for all Vessels crofiing the Bar of the said River j videlicet.

d

For all British Coasting Vessels entering or going out of the River Tees with Goods chargeable to the aforesaid Tonnage Duties at the Rate of Sixpence per Ton for each Lower Mast the Sum of

5

For all British Vessels from or to Foreign Ports chargeable with the aforesaid Tonnage Duties at the Rate of Sixpence and Nine-pence per Ton; for each Lower Mast the Sum of

For all Foreign Vessels chargeable to the aforesaid Tonnage Duties at the Rate of One Shilling and One Sh I'ing and Sixpence per Ton j for each Lower Mast the Sum of

10

For

912

Eueflinghow l he Light Duties shall be applied.

Penal'y for evading Light

Duties*

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

For all British Vessels entering only for Anchorage, for'j s: d*

each Lower Mall for passing Inwards and Outwards, > — 7 6

the Sum of J

For all Foreign Vessels entering only for Anchorage, for'j each Lower Mall for passing Inwards and Outwards, > — 15 —-

the Sum of J

And which last mentioned Rates and Duties shall and may be received and levied by such Person or Persons as the said Company of Proprietors at any dated or special general Assembly or their Commutee shall from Time to Time appoint to receive the same; and in case of Denial or Neglect of Payment of any such lad mentioned Rates or any Part thereof on Demand to the Person or Persons appointed to receive the same as aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors may sue frr the fame by Action of Debt or upon the Cafe in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record or in the Court of Pleas at Durham, or the Person or Persons to whom such lad mentioned Rates ought to have been paid may and he or they is and are hereby empowered to secure the Ship or Vessil in ie-spedl whereof any such last mentioned Rates ought to have been paid, together with the Tackle, Rigging, Apparel, and Cargo thereof, ard 10 detain the fame until such Payment shall be made knd also until Pay nunc of all Arrears of the said lad mentioned Rates which may be due from the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel to the said Company of Proprietors, together with reasonab’e Charges for such Seifure and Detention; and if such Ship or Vessel, Tackle, Rigging, and Cargo shall nut be it-deemed within Seven Days next after the laking thereof, the fame shall be appraised and sold as the Law directs in Cafes of D fbeis for Rent; and the said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power from Time to Time at any dated or special general Assembly to lower all or any of the lad mentioned Rates and again to raise the same as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Rates before mentioned, as often as it shall be deemed necessary.

LXXXI. And be it further crafted, That the Rates and Duties to be received for or on Account of the said Lights shall be applied in discharge of the Sum of One hundred Pounds, Part of the Expences of obtairing and passing this Act, and in or towards defraying the Expence or erecting and maintaining the said Light House or other the Expences relative thereto, and to and for no other Purpose whatsoever; and that in case such Rates or Duties shall at any Time or Times hereafter be found to be more than diffident for answering these Purposes, then and as dften as it shall so happen the fame Rates or Duties shall be reduced by the said Company of Proprietors, who shall have Power to raise the lame again as Occasion shall require for the Purposes aforesaid not exceeding the Rates beforementioned.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Mailer or Owner or other Person taking upon hiralelf the Command, or acting as or appearing to be the Mailer of any Ship or Vessel liable to the Payment of the said last mentioned Rates or JL)uties, shall refuse or by any Method whatsoever elude or evade the Payment of any such last mentioned Ratfs or Duties, every such Mailer or Owner, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall fov every Offence forfeit and pay to the said Company of

Proprietors

9i3

48° GEORGII III. Cap.*8.

Proprietors or their Successors a Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, and shall moreover stand charged with and be liable to the Payment of the said last mentioned Rates and Duties for or in respect of the fame Ship or Vessel.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for t0ltlle the said Company of Proprietors and they are hereby authorized and empowered at any of their stated or special general Assemblies by any Writing under their Common Seal at any Time or Times to let to farm all or any of the Rates hereby granted unto any Person or Persons for any Time or Terms as they shall think proper, not exceeding Three Years from the Commencement of any Lease, and every such Lease shall be valid and effectual, and the Lessee or Leflces thereof and all such Person or Persons as such Lefiee or Lessees shall appoint to collect and receive the Rates so let shall during the Continuance of every such Lease be deemed Collectors of the Rates so let, and shall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting and recovering the same as if they had been appointed for that Purpose by the said Company of Proprietors, provided public Notice of the Intention to let the said Rates or any of them or any Part thereof respectively be given in Writing under the Hands of the said general Committee or their Clerk by Advertisement publidied in any Two or more Newspapers usually circulating in the County of Durham and the North Riding of the County of York, at lead Thirty-one Days prior to every such general Assembly at which the said Rates or any of them or any Part thereof respectively are proposed to be let as aforesaid.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective Persons who Recovery of have subscribed or shall hereafter subscribe to advance any Money for and Sub<cr, Pt!on* towards making and maintaining the said Canal or Cut and the other Works hereby authorized and directed to be made, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sums which shall have been by them respectively subscribed or (such Parts and Proportions thereof) as shall from Time to Time be called for by the said general Committee by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Act, at such Times and Places and in Rich Manner as shall be directed by the said Company or the said general Committee in Manner before mentioned; and in case any of such Sub-feriters shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame at the Time and Place and in the Manner required as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sue for and recover the fame in any Court of Law or Equity.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Deed, Conveyance, or Judgement which shall or may be made, obtained, or the North entered into under or by virtue of this Act, or any of the Powers, Autho- be

rities, or Directions herein contained, of or concerning or whereby any 6 Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the North Riding of the County of York, may be any way affected at Law or in Equity, shall be subjrft to the Provisions of a certain Act of Parliament made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for th: public registering of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and ether Incumbrances that shall be made of or that may ajfeft hny Honors, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the North Riding of the Courti of York, after the Nine-and-twentieth Day of Sep-[£,«. Ss* Peri] to Y—Z tember.

9*4 4 S* GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

tember, One thou fund /even hundred and thirty-six, but neverthelel's that such last mentioned Act shall not extend or beconftrued to extend to any Share or Shares of any Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, of and in the said Tees Navigation Company, or to any Alignment or Assignmenti, Mortgage, or Mortgages, or other Deed, Matter, or Thing in anywise concerning or affecting the same.

savingClaufj.

LXXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to take away, impeach, abridge, restrain, alter, prejudice, or affect any Rights, Estates, Anchorage, Plaokage, or other Duties, Tolls, Customs, Powers, Jurisdictions. Privileges, or Advantages whatsoever of or belonging to the Lord B(hop of Durham or his Successors, or any Person or Persons claiming under him, them, or, any of them, or of or belonging to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses of the Borough of Stockton aforesaid, or of any Person or Persons claiming under them, or of or belonging to any ether Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whomsoever, otherwise and except inasmuch as the same are by this Act expressly taken away, restrained, altered, or affected.

LXXXVII. And, be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed or which shall be inflicted or imposed by virtue of any Rule, Order, or Bye Law to be made in pursuance of this Act (of which Rule, Order, or Bye Law when produced all Justices are hereby required to take Notice) the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise hereby particularly described, shall upon Proof of the Offences respectively given before any Justice of the Peace for the County where such Offence shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, (which Oath such Justice of the Peace is hereby empowered and required to administer) be levie^ by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Partjes offending or liable to pay the fame by Warrant o/ Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, and the Overplus after such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale aye recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and the Monies arising from such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures when levied shall (if not herein otherwise directed to be applied) be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the Monies to be raised by virtue hereof, to be applied and disposed of1 for the Purposes of this Act and to and for no other Use or Purposp whatsoever; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures shall not forthwith be paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice of the Peace and he is hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Comropn Gaol or House of Correction of the said County, thereto remain without Bail or Mainpri^p any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and falisfied.

. v . . ,\\ , d

LXXXVIII. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every the Justice and Justices

Recovery ®f Penaltiej.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 48. 915

Justices of the Pearc before whom any Person or Persons shall be committed of any Offence against this Act shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the case shall require; (that is to say),

‘ DE it remembered that on the Day of 0rn"

« *"' in the Year of our Lord

‘ A.B. is convicted before me C.D. One of His Majesty's Justices of the

Peace for the County of (specifying the Offence and Time

and Place when and where the fame was committed as the Case shall be.)

Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year aforesaid.’

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Order or other Proceed-’ pIOcetdiiigt ing to be made or had by or before any Justice of the Peace or to be other- not to be wife made or had in pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed by Certiorari into any of His Majesty’sCourts of Record at Westminster or client here, and that where any Dif-tref’s shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on Account of any Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe: Provided always, that all and every Auprai to the Person or Persons who shall think himself, herself, or themselves ag- Semom. grieved by any Order or Judgment made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye Law, or Order of the Did Company of Proprietors, or by the Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace in pursuance of this Act (where such Order or Determination is not declared to be final) may within. SixCalendar Months after such Order shall have been made or given complain to the Justices of the Peace at their next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the County where such Cause of Appeal shall arise, who shall in a summary Way either hear or determine the said Complaint, or if they thinklproper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County, and if they fee Cause may mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye Law, Order, or Determination, and may also order such Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall think realcnable.

XC. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and perfoing;,ing Persons who in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act f»if« Evidence shall give false Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, of ?tr* shall and may be prosecuted for the fame, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject to such Punishments and Disqualification as any Person or Persons can or may be subject to for wilful and corrupt Perjury by any of the Laws or Statutes of this Realm.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, or Informa. Limitation of tion shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Actions.

Thing

9t6

Public Ail.

t

+8° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

I hing done in pursuance of this Act or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities, or the Orders and Directions jicrcin-before given and granted, every such Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fail committed, or in case there shall be a Continuation of Damages, then within Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shalf ceale and not afterwards, and shall be laid or brought in the County where the Matter in Dispute or Cause of Action mall arise and noc elsewhere, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, Suit or Information shall and may plead the general Issue a nd give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and alledge that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought after the Time so limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action, Suit, or Information after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise'Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants in every such Case shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cafes of Law.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

<MHMt»i|HK ,*jl6*'*

Cap. 49.

An Act to a mend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts relating to the 1Cwcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirry-first Year of the jiG.j. c. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a navigable Canal from or from near to the ‘Town of Birmingham in the County of Warwick to communicate with the River Severn nyar to the City of Wurctfler, whereby certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, together with such Person or Persons as they should nominate and appoint under their Hands and Seals, were incorporated and united into a Company for car* rying on, making, completing and maintaining the said navigable Can*l passable for Boats, Barges and other Vessels, and were incorporated by the Name hf The Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation, and by that Name Were to have perperual Succession and a common Seal, with such Powers as in the said Act are mentioned; and the said Company were authorized and empowered to raise and contribute amongst themselves, in such Propcrtions as to them should seem meet and convenient, such Sum or Sums of Money for making, com-[Lec. Csf Per ] u A pitting,

922

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 49-

pVting and maintaining the said Canal, the Reservoirs, Feeders, Ways* Quays, Wharfs, Landing Places and other Works and Conveniences to the fame belonging or requisite, as should be jiidged sufficient, not exceeding the Sum of One hundred and eighty thousand Pounds (except as 'herein is mentioned); and the Money lo to be raised is thereby directed to be laid out and applied in the first Place for and towards the Discharge of all Fees and Disbursements for obtaining the said Act, and for making the Surveys, Plans and Estimates incident thereto, and all other Expences relating to the fame, and all the Residue of such Money for and towards making, completing and maintaining the said Canal and other Purposes of the said Act; which said Sum of One hundred and eighty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as should be raised by the several Persons thtrein-before named, was to be divided into One thousand eight hundred Shares at a Price nor exceeding One hundred Pounds a Share, as therein is mentioned; and in case the said Sum of One hundred and eighty tliou-sand Pounds should be found inefficient for making, completing and maintaining the said Canal and other Works by the said Act authoriz'd and dirvfted to be made, and all necessary Charges and Expences relating the reunto, then the said Company of Proprietors are thereby authorized to raise and contribute among themselves, in Manner in the said Act mentioned, any further Sum of Money for the Purposes of the said Act, not exceeding the Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds; and in case the said Company of Proprietors should be desirous of raising the said Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds by Mortgage of the Did Undertaking, they are thereby empowered to borrow and take up at Interest all or any Part of the said Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds upon the Credit of the said Undertaking, as to them should seem fit and convenient, and to assign the Property of the said Navigation, and the Rates granted to the said Company of Proprietors by the said Act, or any Part thereof, as a Security, to any Person or Persons for any Sum or Sums of Money so’to be borrowed , and for the Security of the Owners and Occupiers of the Mills on the Rivers Arrow and Rea, in the said Act mentioned, the said Company of Proprietors are thereby required, at their own Expence, immediately after the making of the said intended Canal oVef the River Arrow, to make and complete Two Reservoirs at the Places and in the Manner in the said Act mentioned, and all’o at their own Expence, immediately after the making of the said intended Canal over the River Rea, to make and complete Three Reservoirs at the Places in the Lid Act mentioned, for the Ulc and Supply of the said Mills on the said Rivers Arrow and Rea-, and the said Canal being by the said Act proposed to be made within the Distance of about one Mile of a Cabal made by virtue of an Act of Parliament of the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, called The Dro'twich Canal, which might occasion a Diminution in the Profits of the Company of Pr< prictors of that Canal; and ihe Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation having agreed to make'Compensation to the Company of Proprietors of the Droitwich Canal Navigation far any Diminution in their Profits that might be occafiur.ed by making the said Wlircefitr and Birmingham Canal, it is by the said Act i f the Thirty-first of His present Majesty enacted, that in case it should happen in any Year, from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, tha: the clear Profits of the Company of Proprietors of the Droitwitcb Canal Navigation should not amount to Five Pounds per Centum upon every Share in the said Navigation, considering every such Share

to

4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 19, 923

to be of the Value of One hundred and six y Pounds at the lead, the said Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation should, and they are thcieby directrd and trqu red to make up such Deficiency to the said Company of Proprietors of the Droitwich Canal Navigation, and so from Tune to Time as often as any such D ficicncy should happen; and the said Company of Proprietors of the Worccjitr and Birmingham Canal Navigation arc thereby also required, within Thirty Days n xt after the End of every Year from the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, to settle with the Company of Proprietors of the said Droituich Canal Navigation the said annual Compensation, and make up such Deficiency as aforesaid to the said Company of Proprietors of the Droitwich Canal Navigation, in case it should happen 'hat in the preceding Year the clear Profits of the Company of Pr prieturs of the Droitwich Canal Navigation should not amount to Five Pounds per Centum upon every Share in the said Navigation, consideringevery such Shnre tobe of the Valuecf O ,e hundred and Sixty Pounds:

And whereas by another Act, passed in the Thirty-eighthYearof the Reign jsG-s-c, of His said pielent Majesty, for amending and enlarging the Powers of the fit ft above-mentioned Act, whereby the said Company of Proprietors were authorized and empowered to raise and contribute among themselves in Manner in the said Act mentioned, or by the AHmission of new S b-feribers, or by granting Annuities, or by Mortgage of the Rates aphorized to be collected by the first therein and herein recited Act, and by the Act now in recital, any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of the fan) Acts, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of One hundred and forty-nine thousand nine hundred and twenty-nine Pounds One Shilling and One Penny Halfpenny; and in case the Did Sum or any Part thereof should be raised by Subscription, the said Sum should be divided into Two thousand one hundred and fifty-nine H-ilf Shares, each Half Share to he of the Value if S xry-nine Pounds Eight Shillings and Ten Pence Halfpenny:

And whereas the Sum ir Price mentioned in the last retittd Act for the Adtf. ffion of n w Subscribeis was so hi..h that no Perfi n was found to subsci ibe or did subscribe, or take any Sha e or Half Shares therein, or applied to take or did tilce any Annuities authorized to be granted by the said Act, or lend any Monies determined by Mortgage thereof. Eve as herein-after is mmri ned: And wheteas another Act was passed in the Forty-fourth 4+G.j. c. 3j, Year of the Reign of His said pr, fenc Majesty, intituled, An Act for crinkling the Company of Proprietors of the VVorctftrr ad Birmingham Canal Navigation so raise Monty to discharge ibtir Dells, and to complete the said Canal Nav:gtiffin, and Jit amending the several ABs faffed for making the said Canal Navigation, reciting the said Two former Acts, and alleging rhat the whole of the Money raised under the Eid former Acts had been expended (Eve and rxfcept a Irriall Part thereof, which through the In-lolvency or Inability of Tome of the Proprietors had not then been paid), and that' the E’d Company of Proprietors had incurred sundry Debts in the Profecluior: erf the said Unde.taking, and for a Compensation to the tompany of Pr; prietors of the Eid Droitwich Canal Navigation, amounting to the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds and upwards, and th^t there was then an Arrear of One thousand nine hundred Pounds and upwards due to the Company of P.oprictors of the Eid Droitwich Canal Navigation, in order to make up such Deficiency of Compensation as aforesaid, and that almost the whole of the said Reservoirs then also remained unfintshed, and which would cod the Sum of Seventeen thousand Pounds and upwards to complete

24

4-S! GEORGII. III. Cap. 49.

tomplcte and finish, and that a great Part of the Did Undertaking the n, remained unfinished; and further reciting that the Occupiers of the Milk on the said River Rea, in the said first recited Act mentioned, had applied, ro His Majesty's Court of King's Bench at H'estminster, for a Writ of Mandamus to compel the said Company of Proprietors at their own Expence to make and complete the Three Refcrvoi.s for the Benefit of the said Mills, at the Places and in Manner in the said Act ditefted to be made, immediately after the making of the said Canal over the said River Rea, and which Canal had been then some Time made over the said Rivery and alto reciting that the said Company of Proprietors of the Droitwich Canal Navigation had commenced Actions against the said Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation, to compel Payment of Arrears due to the said Droitwich Canal Company, and had obtained Judgment against the said Company of Proprietors of the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation, and that the said Court of King’s Bench had granted a peremptory Mandamus against the last mentioned Company of Proprietors to compel them to make the said Three Reservotfs last mentioned, and v. hich alone would cost the Sum of Ning thousand three hundred Pounds and upwards; and that the said Company of Proprietors had found it impracticable to raise by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, or by the other Ways and Means in the said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty mentioned. Money for’ discharging their said Debts, making the said Refrrvoirs, or for carrying on the Works of the said Canal, the said Company of Proprietors were by the now icrited Act of the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty authorized and empowered to raise in Manner therein mentioned any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Forty-nine thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, over and above the said Sums of One hundred and eighty thousand Pounds and Seventy thousand Pounds authorized to be raised by the said first recited Act: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have not been able to raise, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His said present Majesty, any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, save and except the Sum of Four thousand Pounds which they have borrowed on Mortgage by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have proceeded in the making and completing a very considerable Part of the said Navigation and Works by the said recited Acts authorized to be made, and have expended in the said Navigation and Works not only the whole of" the said Sums of One hundred and eighty thousand Pounds, Seventy thousand Pounds, and Forty-nine thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds slave and except a Imall Part thereof, which through the Insolvency or Inability of feme of the Proprietors h s not yet been paid), and also the said Sums raised by Mortgage as aforesaid, but have incurred sundry Deb s in the Prosecution of the said Undertaking, and for Land taken for the Use of the said Navigation and the Works appertaining thereto, and fur Coin-pensation to 'he laid Company of Proprietors < f (he laid Droitwich Canal Navigation, amounting in the whole to the Sum of Fight thousand Pounds and upwards, and there being an Arrear of Three thousand three hundred Pounds and upwards ^P.:rt of the said Sum of Eight thousand Pounds and upwards) due to the said Company of Proprietors of the said Droitwich Canal Navigation, in order to make up the Deficiency of such Compensation as aforesaid, and the Arrears which have accrued since the_ passing of

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

(he said Act of the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of Hiasaid prrfrnt M.j Ily; and as One of the said Rrf'eivoirs for the Use and Supply of the Mills on the said River Ren, and the said Two Reservoirs for the Use and Supply of the Mills on the River Arrow, ytt remain upfiniflied, which will cull the Sum of Eight thousand nine hundred Pounds and upwards to complete and finish, and a gr at Part of the said Undertaking also yet re. mains unfinilhea, whereby the Publick are deprived of the Ben-fit and Advantage formerly held forth to them, and the Proprietors of Shares in the Lid Undertaking arc lding those Benefits which we'e expected to a;ile to them from the said Navigation: And whereas the said Con pany of Prb-piietors are obljjted immediately to raise several Sums of Money for the Purposes aforesaid, and have hitherto found it impracticable to raise by Mortgage of she laid Undertaking slave as aforesaid), o by the other Ways and Means in the said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth Yeir of His pie. sent Majesty mentioned, Money for discharging their said Debts, making the said R.feivoirs, or for carrying on, completing, and Rubbing the Works of the said Canal, and have no other practicable Means of la.fn.g the fame without the Aid and Alliltance of Parliament: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts have in other Itcspects been fuund infnfGcient and inconvenient, and it is requisite that the fame fl^puId 'be aliened and amended: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, In this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company cf Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raise such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Supi of One hundred and sixty-eight thousand Pounds, and such additional Sum as herein-after mentioned, in case the same shall be found tieieffny lor the Purposes aforesaid, ove- and abpvethe before-mentioned Sums otMmj-y, or so much thereof as the said Company of Proprietors have been or shall be able to get in and receive, and notwithstanding that the same Sum$ have not been wholly raised and received as aforesaid; any Thing in the said Acts, or any or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof not. withstanuing.

925

Power to raise a¥urtl er bujn of Money.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com- M-'.of pany of Proprietors, and they "are hereby authorized and empowered to r*ii;«the raise, either by voluntary Subfgription amongst themLlves,.. or by the Mo"CJ" AdmiTion of new Subscribers, any further Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the aforesaid Sum of One hundred and sixty-eight thousand Pounds, except as herein-after is mentioned; and in case the Lid Sum of One hundred and sixty-eight thousand Pounds shall be r.afrd by voluntary Subscription as aforesaid, the Lid Sum shall be divided into Four thousand two hundred additional Shares, each Share to be of the Value of Forty Pounds, which Share shall be deemed Personal £ltjre, un'd be transmiilible as such; and all Persons who shall as aforesaid luhieribe fur or othei wife become entitled thereto, and their several and yfpi-ftive Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be, and they are hereby declared to be, the Owners or Prnpnetprs of the said addition.il Stur.es in the said Undertaking, and shall be, anp they are hereby united, and incoi. porated w.th the said Com; any of Pjpprietors of the said IV^eJl'r and Hi>mingham Canal Navigation; and the several Powers, Directions. Pc-Per.] n A ' nalties,

9^6 4-8*11©EORQII 494 J-'

mlt its, Faifieitures, and Provisiotfe. contained in the said first' recited Act, subj^ft never*hc1fcfs;to the Provisions, Directions, and Regulations herein contained, Aval I extend to thetcalling for, raisingSums for, and recovering the several SumsFio be! subscribed for the Did additional Shares, and for compelling and obliging the several Subscribers for or Proprietors of the said additional Shares to pay the respective Sums to be voluntarily lub-feribed as aforesaid, and for transferring and entering the fame, and in all other Respects relating thereto, m like Manner as if the lam- we e Part of the Money authorized: to be raised by virtue of the said fi. lt retired Act, or as if. the lame several Powers', D.restiora, Penalties. Fotrcitures, and other Provisions contained in the said 6rft recited Act were tepe ted and re-enacted in this Act, subject nevertheless as herein-altir >s men. tinned \ and that all and every Persons, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall fevetally subsenbe and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds for each and tvery of the said additional Shares.rftiall^tngcther wi.h the original Subftribers to the Undertaking, be entitle^' to land receive an equal proportionate Part of the net Profits and Advantages that shall or may arise and accrue to the said Company1 Gf/Propri^tojstby!virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act; and all and every the said additional Shares, and also the Persons respectively entitled thereto, shall be subjrft to the like Regulations and Privisions as Slin ni T>w,q the original Shares in the said Navigation are liable to, lave as hciein-after mentioned, or otherwise provided; and that in the Qualification of Pro-' «.l prietors to vote in the General and other Assemblies, each and every Pro-\ , Victor of One or knore such additional Shares shall be entitled to give his

or her Vote or Voles, either in/'Person or by Proxy, as the Proprietors of the driginal Shares arc entitled to do.

-itqoiM io ynrqmoD Ld t» i toI <«*.. cm bn.: I: i u -

ma'b* "7 1 ^-^1-'Prc»lidfd»lirays, and be it further enacted, That in case the said by Mortgage. Cohn parry Proprietors shall think it more advisable or proper to raise the said Sun^nefTOne hundred and sixty-eight thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of the Rates authorized to be collrfted on the said Canal, or by granting Annuities with Benefit of Survivorship, or otherwise payable out of the said Rates or any of them, instead of raising the said Sum by voluntary Subscriptions among themfclver, or by the Admission of new Subscribers, then it shall be lawful for the said Company either to borrow and take up at Interest by any such Mortgage as aforesaid, from any Person or Persons upon the Credit of the Did Races or any of them, the said Sum of One hundred and sixty-eight: thousand Pounds or ar.y Part thereof, ot to raise any such Money-by ihe granting of such Annuity.or Annuities as aforesaid, to or for the Use of any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treafutcr of the said Company of Proprietors any such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Cornpany shall agree upon for the absolute Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable for any Term or Number of Years, or during the natural Lives of every such Contributor, or the natural Life of such Person at shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor at the Time of the Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchase Money, and eiihef,.whh or without Benefit of Surviver-ship; and the Did Company of Jfyoprietors are hereby authorized and empowered to assign and make ov« their Interest and Property in the said Canal, and the Rates t<5 arise by tissue of the said two first recited Act«, or any Part thereof, as a Security pr Securities for any Sum or Sums of jfc »;r v \zs ,bitl?: V '; mro F: . t Money

48° GEORGII III. r Cap. 49.- *.

Money so to be borrowed with Interest, or taken up determined by the granting of such Annuity Or Annuities as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons who dwfl advance the fame, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, by Deed of Mortgage or Grant of Annuity or Annuities, in like Mannei and Form, and with and subject to the like Powers and Dicrftions f n transferring every such Mortgage and Annuity and registering the fame, and to the like Kemedies, Regulations, and Provisions touching and concerning the same, and the Interest and Annuity thereby to be secured, as are mentioned or contained in and determined by the Did Two first recited Acts, or either of thrmv respecting the borrowing of Money and granting Annuities and the Securitie to be made for the fame; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or M rtgages have hitherto been made for securing the Did Stun of Four thousand Pounds and Interest, and also all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Mortgages, or Annuity or Annuities, shall be made or granted under any of the Powers of this Act, shall be equally entitled one vyich another to the Rates and Property thereby assignetl, in Proportion to the Inttrtft of the Sum or Sums for which such Mortgage or Mortgages shall be executed, and the Annuity or Annuities thereby granted, without any Preference by reason of the Priority of Date of any such Mortgage or Grant of Annuity, or otherwise. *>nJ ytaya bgfc

] ' r .1 m ' * t't.Hui

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Sum of One hundred and sixty eight thousand Pounds herein-before authorized to .-few raised, should be found insufficient for completing the Did Canal, and other the Perposes af >re(»id, and the said Company of Proprietors shall not be able to rafe Monies for the Did Purposes by Mtj'Jgtge, or other the Means in the Did recited Aftstor either of them, authorized and granted, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby author zed and empowered!to raise any such Sum or Su ns of Money as shall from Time to Time be found neerffarjf for paying and discharging the Debts owing by the Did Company of Proprietors, and such further Debts as :he\ foall contract in the completing of the Did Canal, Reservoirv, Cuts, and Work’, not exceeding ih thfe whole the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, over and above the before-mentioned Sum of One hundred and fiicy-eight thousand Pounds; or so much of the said several Sums of One hundred arideighty thousand Pounds, Seventy thousand Pounds, anj Forty-nine thousand six hundred and eighty Pounds, as the said Company have been or, shall beahlejo get in and receive, and nocwichftan'sing that; the fame Sums have not bcea wholly raised and received aslaforcfuid, any Thing in the said Acts or either of them contained to the contrary notwithstanding; which laid Sum of Forty thousand Pounds shall be raised by the said Company ot Proprietors by Means of creating new or-additional Shares in the Did Undertaking, not exceeding One thousand Shares, and disposing of the lame to such Person or Persons, and at such Price or Prices, not le(s than Forty Pounds a Share, as the Did Company of Proprietors, or their Committee for the Time being, shall from Time to Time think expedient or necefi-Dry for that Purpose; and that the respective Proprietors of any fu<}h last mentioned additional Shares, to be created by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, shall be and beco.pe entitled to an equal Share or Division of the Profit’ of the Did Navigation, and to such and the fame Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, and be subject to such and the Dme Restrictions, Penalties, an J Forte tores, as the Proprietors of the said additional F-ur thousand two hundred Shares, to be created as aforesaid, are by this Act

entitled

927

Powpr so nish

n ’urt'ier Sum in c the said S.nn of 168.0001 (linty be mfufikienu

>Viti

|k|5ioM \<i

92 8 4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 4$.

entitled and liable to; and the Admission of every Pt-rfon many such additional Shares by any Order or Resolution of the Lid Company of Proprietor*, or their Committee for the Time being as aforesaid, shall be good and effectual Titles to such Person or Persons, and hi', her, or their respective Executor or Administrators, on his, her, or their Payment to the said Company of Proprietors of the Pmchafe Money or Price agreedrfot the lame; which Money so to be raised by the Ways and Means Ijjft rr.entionje.i shall- be paid, applied, and disposed of in the Liquidation ancPTDischarge of the Debt< of the said Company of Proprietors, and in fimshing and coni- Dieting the said Canal, Reservoirs, and Work', Cotnpensation to the Droitwich Canal Company, and other Purposes herein-before mentioned.

Power for V. And, it having been found impracticable, for the Reafbr.s a*>refa\f, bvHatf&iarei ,0 ra‘*e anV Sum or Sums of Money by creating additional Halt Shares by repeal:d. virtue of the Power given to the said Company of Proprie o s by the said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His la d preterit Majesty; be it enacted, That the Power for creating such Half Snares, contained in the said Act, shall be, and the fame is hereby declared to be

Kf«a,d.

iiiak*rc-,|ls ^urt^er ena^e^» That it shall be lawful for the said

" " Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby require1, at any General

Assembly to be holdrn or convened agreeably to the Directf ns contained in the said first recited Act or this Act, or of their Committ. e for iheT me being, or any Five or more of such Committer, from Time to Time to make any Call or Calls for Money from the Subscriber or Subscribers of an additional Share or Shares in the said Ctnal Navigation, in order to raise the said Sum of One hundred and sixty-eight thousand Pounds, and the said further Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, for the Purposes foresaid, subject to the Regulations herein-afeer mentioned, as such General AfTcmbly or Committee from Time to Time shall judge necefLry, lb that no one Call on each Share subscribed for shall exceed the Sum of Four Pounds each additional Share in the said Navigation, and no Call to be made at a less Pittance of Time than Three Calendar Months from each other; which Money so called for shall be paid to such Person or Persons and in such Manner as the said General Assembly or Committee shall from Time to Time appoint and direct for the PurposeSrot the faicf recked Acts and of this Act; and all and every Subscriber and Subscribers of One or more additional Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pay his, her, or their Share or Shares or Proportion of the Monies tti be'callsd for as; aforesaid, at such Time and Place and in such Manner as shall be appointed as aforesaid, and of which Time and Place Twenty Days Notice shall be given, by publishing the fame in some one Worcester and in Came one Bir-mingham Newspaper, or in any other Manner as the said JFvrv^r and Birmingham Canal Company shall at any General Assembly direct or appoint; and all Executors and Administrators shall be and are hereby empowered to pay their respective Proportions of the said Money to be called for as aforesaid, in respect of the Share or Shares of their I'tftators and Intestates respectively, and charge the fame tQ the Accounts of such Fcribn’s Estate and Effects. *sr. V -

y 1 at fiH f

For making a

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That all Slfaref *' an^ cVerY Person and Persons who shall be desirous or becoming, and shall pc. —"e. voluntarily become a Subscriber or Subscribers for such additional Shares as $; 6 aforesaid.

48- GEORGII Hi. Cap7.49. 929

aforesaid, shall, at the Time of his, her, or their subscribing, pay to the Treasurer of the said Company for the Time being One Pound by Way of Deposit on each Share he or she shall subscribe for, and that the Remainder of the Subscription be paid by Calls of Four Pounds each, on each Share subscribed for, and that the One Pound Deposit be considered as Part of the First Call, and the remaining Three Pounds per Share of the said First Call be paid as soon as called for and ordered to be paid after the passing of this Act, but that the future Calls of FoUr Pounds each on each Share shall not be let's than Three Calendar Months Distartce from each other, as herein-before directed ♦, and that all Subscribers for such additional Shares, who shall refuse or neglect to pay their respective Calls at the Times and in Manner herein-before appointed to be paid, shall pay Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum on all and every their said Call, and such Interest to commence from Time to Time, and from the Days on which such Calls shall respectively become due and be ordered to be paid.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further eriafled, That it shall not be Cal's not to

lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person afling under o'f'

their Authority, to make any Call or Calls on the Subscribers, or to raise m.oooou n>a'l any Money by virtue of this Act, save and except the said One Pound be fuulcribtJ* Deposit on each Share, until the Sum of One hundred and twelve thousand Pounds of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act shall have been actually subscribed} any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary not* withhanding.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the whole of Morey on the said Sum of One hundred and sixty-eight thousand Pounds shall not be share^Io'be subscribed before the First Call on the Subscribers shall have been made pud to the and become payable, then and in such Case every and all Person and Per*

fons who shall (ubfciibe for One or more of such additional Shares, after such Call or Calls shall have been made and shall have become diie and payable, shall, at the Time of his, her, or their subscribing, pay to the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Company of Proprietors the Call or Calls which shall then have been made on the Subscribers of the said additional Shares, together with Interest thereon, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the Day or Days on which such Call or Calls shall have rd’ptflively become due and have been ordered to be paid, in order that all the Subscribers to the said new or additional Shares may be upon an equal Footing,

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the said Company Shares h/anrht of Proprietors, or their Committee for the Time being, dull deem it ex- tlp pedient, out of any Surplus Monies or otherwise, to buy up any Share or in-, " Shares in the said Canal Navigation which shall be offered for Sale, then

and in such Case it shall be lawful for any General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors either to direct that any such Share or Sh ires so bought shall merge in the said Undertak ng, or that the same shall be transferred to the Clerk of the said Company in Trust for the said Cjui-pany , and that such Share or Shares may, in such lalf-mentluhcd C. fe, at any Time thereafter be sold for the Benefit of the said Company of Proprietors, and for the raising of any Sum' of Money which may be wanted for or towards the ere^ling or repairing of any Buildings or Works be-[Lot. Per.] uC lunging

930

For mcrtafing the Number or Committee of Management.

Certain Regulations as to Deeds of Bargain and bale.

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

longing to the said Cana), or any other Purpose necessary for carrying on the same.

XI. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His said present Majesty, Power is given to the Proprietors allembied at their General Afieinhlics, together with such Proxies as should he then present, to choose Thirteen Persons, who for the Time being should be Proprietors of Five or mote Shares in the said Navigation, to be a Committee to manage the Affairs of the said Comtany, in such Manner as the said first recited Addireds; and as the Numb-rot Proprietors and Shares will be increased by virtue of the Power in this Act given to create new or additional Shares, it is deemed expedient, on Account of the Number of Shares being to be increased as aforesaid, that the Number of the Committee should be increased, and that the Number of Shares to quality Persons to be chosen on the Committee should also be increased; be it therefore enacted, That the Proprietors at such General Assembbes, together with such Proxies as shall be then present (but subject neve/thele's to the Directions and Regulations in the said first recited Act contained) shall and may at any Time hereafter elect and choose Fifteen Proprietors, being Proprietors of Ten or more Shares of the said Navigation, which said Fifteen Proprietors possessed of Ten Shares or more shall be a Committee to manage the Affairs of the said Company, for such Time, in lu h Manner, with such Powers, and under such Limitations, Reltridioivs, and Controul, in every Helped, as in the said first recited Act is directed re-speding Persons being a Committee to manage the Affairs of the said Company, who should have Five or more Shares in the fii I NaAg ition; any Thing in the said Two first recited Acts cr either of them contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas in and by the said recited Act of the Thirty-fuss of His said present Majesty it is enadul, that Duplicates of the D--ed of Bir-gain and Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares in the said Navigation should be executed by every Vendor and Vendee, and One Part tner of so executed should be delivered to the Committee of the said Company or their Clerk, to be filed and kept for the Use of the said Com >any of Proprietors, and an Entry thereof should be made in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and until the Duplicate of such Deed or Tranffer should be lo delivered to the said Committee or the Clerk as aforesaid, such Purchaser or Purchasers should have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Navigation and Undertaking, nor any Interest paid him, her, or them for and in resptd of such Share or Shares lb purchased, nor be entitled to vote as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking: And whereas the Expences of Duplicates of such Deeds or Transfers tend grtatly to hinder the Sale of Shares in the said Undertaking; be it therefore enacted, That it shall not be necessary that a Duplicate of the Deed of Bargain and Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares in the fid Unccr. taking shall be executed as in the said recited Act is directed, but that one Part only of such Deed of Bargain and Sale or Transfer, in case the Purchaser or Purchasers shall be satisfied therewith, shall be made and executed, and which said bargain and Sale or Transfer shall be filed and k<-pt for the Use of the said Company; and such Purchase and Purchases shall be as valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes, as if a Duplicate of such Deed of Bargain and Sale or Transfer were executed by the Vendor

7 and

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

and Vendee or Vendors and Vendees, any Thing in the same Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Acts passed in the Thirty-first, Thirty-eighth, and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His laid present Majesty, and all and every Clause, Article, F< ovision, Matter, and Thing therein contained, except Inch and so many oi them, or such Parts thereof, as are altered, varied, explained, or amended by this Act, shall extend and be applicable to this present Act, and the Powers, Provisions, and Directions hereof, so far as the same are compatible herewith.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, and of the Surveys and Estimaies incident thereco, and all other Costs, Charges, and Exnences concerning the same, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Comp my of Proprietors, out of any Money already raised or received or out of the Bill Monies to be hereafter raised or received by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken t.o be aPublick Ad, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StraiiaNj Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

t m

nix 'j j-rlaild 1 dbr

931

Extending ths Power-- ftiie

faiil Vets to this Act.

For pnj 1115 tltr Expmces of ton Ad,

PuMick Act.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*5K*Hf*»*iNt*4|t*

Cap. 50.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Hundred of Codsheath, and other Places therein mentioned, in the County of Kent.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS the Inhabitants and Trade of the several Parishes and Places within the several Hundreds of Codsheath, Somerden, Westerbam, and Edenbrid^e, Wrotham, Brenchley and Horfmon-dtn, IVofhlingstone and of the Lowey of Tonbridge, and the Ville and Liberty of Brajied, in the County of Kent, have of late Years very much increased: And whereas the several Tradestnen and Inhabitants of the several Parishes and Places within the Laid several Hundreds, and of the Laid Lowey, Ville, and Liberty respectively, are, for the Purpose of recovering any small Sums of Money that may be due and owing to them, obliged, under the respective Jurisdictions to which they mud at present resort, to be at an Expence generally far exceeding and in all Cafes highly disproportionate to the Sum inDispute: And whereas it would tend greatly to the Improvement and Encouragement of Trade, and to the necessary Support and Protection of useful Credit in the several Parishes and Places within the said several Hundreds, and in the said Lowey, Ville and Liberty, if a Court were established for the more easy and speedy Recovery of such small Debts; «but as the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s mod \_L.oc. & Per.] it D Excellent

934

Commission-

CIS.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aiTem-bied, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Justices for the Time being acting in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Kent, residing within the said several Hundred', Lowey, Villeand Liberty, the Ministers for the Time being, of the several Parish Churches within the said several Hundreds, Lowey, Viile and Liberty respectively, and Francis Motley Aujien, Francis Woodgate, Henry Streatfidd of Sevenoaks,

Peter Noiuiiile the younger, Charles Willard, -----Whitehead Clerk,

Daniel Dodgin, Charles Ca'ter Petley, 'Thomas Mortimer Kelfon, George Lucius Aujien, John Martin the younger, Edwin Willmott, Edward Jardine, Thomas Clarke, John Lee, William Daykin, John Arrow, William George the elder, John Georg y William John/on, Ambrose Aujien, Valentine Hackle-

ton, George Westbrook, Abraham Palmer, John Nash,-----Stone ham, John

Heath the younger, James Weller, Richard Colebrook, Robert Comfort, Thomas Child, William Bowra, William Foreman, William Hodfoll, William Arnold, Joseph Bradley, James Hodfoll, John Carnell, Peter Caza/ett, George Brooks, Thomas Rclph, Thomas Relph the younger, Philip Firmin, James Harbroe, Richard Turner, Nicholas Streatfield, Richard Streatfield, George Franks, Robert Stone, James Martyr, William Everefl, William Stunt, William Squib, Thomas Selby of Otford, Richard Goodman, George Golding, James Kebbel, Peter Agate, James Cramp, William Waller, Thomas Willmott, Henry Willmott, Thomas Kebbel, William Round, Samuel Love, George Brooker, Solomon Mils, John Thorpe, Richard Round, Stephen Woodgate,

Thomas Thompson, Stephen Ades,-----Rootes, William Cronk, William Tonge,

Robert Paul Waring, David Colegate, William Hooker, James Tyler, Abraham Barham, John Brampton, John Foulerton, William Chapman, Charles Wilmott, James Sale, James Sale the younger, John Wingate, Thomas

7'oung, John Lomas, John Maylin, -----White, Reginald Hooker, David

Stone, Henry Streatfeild, Henry Strcatfeild the younger,-----Minching,

- Keys, James Alexander, Thomas Emery, John Tyler, Nicholas Gaines-

ford, Thomas Holmden the elder, Thomas Holmden the younger, George Holmden, William Cork, John Humphrey, James Double, Richard Bannisters,

Thomas Potter,-----Wells,-----Pickance, William Turner, Michael Saxby,

Thomas Fofier, Thomas Sale, Charles BarrelI, Thomas Selby oflghlham Moat, William Taylor, John Botting, Robert Hubble, James Taylor, Thomas Knowles, Thomas Iiarrifon, James Balt, Thomas Taylor of Ightham, William Walter, John Simpson of Shipborne, Charles Haddock, John Simpson of Fair Lawn, George 7 ay lor, Thomas laylor of Plaxtol, Richard Knowles, William Knowles, Thomas Martin, Thomas Chilman, Davies Deane, William Deane, William Harrij'on, 7 horn s Hackett, Thomas Ju/l, Edward Olive, William Edmcades, Robert Edmeades, Thomas Fry, Joseph Spencer, Thomas Johnson, John Jull the younger, Martin Ma/lers, George Luck, William Luck, John George Children, George Courthope, George Courthope the younger, Edward Hujfey the younger, William Wo dgate, William Francis Woodgate, Henry Woodgate, John Woodgate, Thomas Ponte n, Thomas Ponton the younger, John Ponton. Janus Burton, William-----Burton, James Bur-

ton the younger, John Hartrup West, James Eldridge West, Viceftmus Knox, Thomas Wation, William Th mas, Thomas Panefwell, Baden Powell, Christopher Idle, Walter M y, Walter May the younger, Stephen Hooker, Thomas Hooker, Isaac Lefevre, George Whittaker, Benjamin Tucker, Thomas Mercer, John Luxford, Thomas Christopher Gardner, William Simmons. Michael Saxby of Tonbridge, John Leefon Prince, George Lingard, John Fuzzard, Joseph

Sclater,

935

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

Sclaler, William Scoones, Samuel Mills, Robert Carruthers, William Polhill Vouthwaite, William Thomas Harvey, Joseph Delves. Thomas Delves, Thomas Beeching, John Jeffery, Charles Lewis Bouvier, Joseph Creafy, Joseph Cave, John Cheejman, William Eldridge, George Wray Eldridge, William Feld-wick, 'Joseph Gatward, John King, Thomas Kipping, John Luckhurst, William Longhurst, John Mugridge, William Vanderlure Mills, George Osborne the younger, William Parker, William Ring, Marlow Sidney, John Sherlock, James Sutton, William Town, George Wife, John Ware, John Wells, William Wright, William Walker, Richard Children, John Francis, John Foivle, John London, Richard Streatfeld, John Stone, Samuel Slcman, Thomas Vine, John Waite, Robert Dudley, Edward Elliott, John Fry, Thomas Huntley, Richard Jones, Thr.mas Maryan, John Parsons, Thomas Sawyer, Robert Skinner, Thomas Hubble, William Mugridge, John Martin, Henry Eldridge, William Jewhurst, John Jewhurst. John Milles, John Richardson, Thomas Mills, John Barton of the Clofr, William Barton of the B urne, Thomas Barton of the Parlonage, William Cornell, Thomas Kipping, John Porter, John Palmer, John Saxby, Edward Walter, John Collens, William Collens, Francis Collens, Richard Ellis, John Fuggle, Thomas Fielder, Richard Fuggle, Ambrose Gibbons, Stephen Monckton, Bold Marchant, Alexander Wimjhurji, Thomas Hook, George Lanfdell, Thomas Lavender, David Twort, Thomas Prickett, William Boorman, John Winder, James Wiles, Stephen Dickenson, Francis Hartridge, Henry Crundwell, Richard Miles the younger, Thomas Pocock, William Baldock, Edmund Bennett, Thomas Cheesman, James Fry, William Fenner, Jasper Sprange, Richard Delves, Richard Pittock, John Pullen, Charles Mo?g, John Prince, Ezra Seamer. John Stone, Thomas Wighton, Thomas Foster, Joseph Aitften, Richard Baffett, Joseph Turner, Thomas Bonnick, Thomas Cornwell, George Feldwick, James Harris, John Sutton, and Thomas Wooahams, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within the said several Hundreds of Codsheath, Somerden, Westerham and Edenbridge, Wrotham, Brenchley and Horfmonden, Wajhlingjione, the Lowey of Ton-bridge, and the Vdle and L iberty of Brafled in the County of Kent; and the said Commissioners and their Successtrs ate hereby conllituted a Court of Justice by the Name of The Court of Requests for the several Hundreds of Codsheath, Somerden, Welicrham and KocnbrDge, Wrotham, Brent hley and Horlmonden, Walhiingflone, the Lowey of Tonbridge, and the Vi/le and Liberty of Brafted, in the County of Kent; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered and required to meet and to hold the said Court on the First Friday in every Month, (Good Friday, Fall Days, and Thanksgiving Days by Proclamation only excepted, and then on the following Day) within the Town of Sevenoaks in the Hundred of Codsheath in the said County of Kent, in some convenint Place there, to be appointed by the major Part of the said Commissioners for that Purpose, at any of their Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered and required to hold the said Court on the Third Monday in every Month, (bait Days and Thankfgiv;ng Days by Proclamation only excepted, and then on the following Day,) within the Town of Tonbridge in the Lowry of Tonbridge aforesaid, in some convenient Place there, to be appointed by the major Part of the said Commissioners for that Purpose, at any of their Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Act; and the First Meeting of the said Commissioners shall be holden within the said Town of Sevenoaks on the Fourth Friday next after the passing of this Act.

936

Defendants

far any Debt in the Hundreds cf Brenchiey and H rfroondeti, Washlingttone and the L >wcy of T onbridge not to befuin-moned to Seven uak*,&c.

Conrnissioners to hear Cause s and give Judgment

Three Com-lui'honers shall attend to deci ie causes ior Forty Shillings, and Five Contmif-loners for Sums above Forty Shillings.

To regulate the S'flings c f the Court.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

II. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to require or compel the Attendance of any Defendant or Defendants, Witness or Witnesses in the said Court so to be holden in the said Town of Sevenoaks, in pursuance of any Order or Summons issued out of the said Court, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever acting as an Officer or Officers of the said Court, in any Cause, Suit, or Action for or on account of any Debt or Demand incurred, arising, or accruing within the said Hundreds of Brenchiey and Horfmonden, IVa/hlingstone, and the Lowey of Tonbridge in the County of Kent or any of them; and nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to require or compel the Attendance of any Defendant or Defendants, Witness or Witnesses in the said Court so to be holden in the said Town of Tonbridge, in pursuance of any Order or Summons issued out of the said Court, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever acting as an Officer or Officers of the said Court, in any Cause, Suit, or Action for or on account of any Debt or Demand incurred, arising, or accruing within the said Hundreds of Codjheath, Somerden, Westerbam and Eden-bridge, Wroth am, and the Ville and Liberty of Brajltd, in the said County of Kent, or any of them.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or the major Part of them present at their Meetings to be duly holden in pursuance of this Act, are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine all such Actions and causes as are herein-after mentioned, and to give such Judgements, and to make such Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon, with the Costs against the Body or Bodies, or against the Goods or Chattels of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give any such Judgement, or make any Order or Decree as to them shall seem just in Law or Equity; and in case of an Equality of Votes on any Action, Cause, or Question before the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case the Commissioner present who stands first in the Lift of Names of the said Commissioners (which Lift the said Commissionets shall and they are hereby required to hang or ca fe to be hung up in the Court or Place where the Commissioners meet) shall have the decisive or casting Vote.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That throughout the Hearing and on the Decision of each and every Action, Caule or Question for the Recovery of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, Three at Least of the said Commissioners shall be present in Court, and throughout the Hearing and on the Decision of each and every Action, Cause, or Question for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Forty Shillings, Five at least of the said Commissioners shall be present in Court, the fame Three Commissioners in the former Cafe, and the fame Five Commissioners in the latter Cafe to be attending from the Commencement of the Hearing of any Cause, Question, or Action, to the Decision thereof.

V. And, f'T better regulating the Sidings of the said Court, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not hold the said Court, or hear or cerermine any Cafe or Cafes, < ause or causes, determined by virtue of this Act, but between the Hours of Ten of the Clock, in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, and nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to require or compel the

9* . Attendance

937

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Witness or Witnesses in the said Court, in pursuance of any Order or Summons issued out of the said Court, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever ailing as an Officer or Officers of the said Court, save and except between the said Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when any of the said Commissioners For appoint-or any of the Successors of such Commissioners, to be elected in Manner in,e new Com-herein mentioned, shall die or refuse to ait, or shall ceal'e to be qualified n"‘r‘onera'

in Manner herein directed to ait as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving and remaining Commissioners ailing in the Execution of this Act, or the major Part of them, present at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, within the Space of Thirty Days next after such Decease or Refusal to act shall happen or be known, or as soon after as conveniently may be, to elect and appoint One other Commissioner in the Room or Stead of every such Commissioner so dying or refuling to act, or ccafing to be so qualified; and Notice in Wricing of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election, and for the Purpose thereof, shall be given t.y Advertisement to be inserted in some Newspaper printed or circulated in the Western Division of the County of Kent, Fourteen Days at least before such Meeting shall be holden; and every Commissioner so elected shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the same Rules, Regulations, and Re* ftriitions as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if he had been particularly named herein as a Commissioner.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of Co-mtfn<*ru ailing as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (save and except QSt^ tllte in ad in buffering the Oath herein mentioned to the other Commissioners)

until he shall have taken the Oath following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear [or, being one of the Persons called Quakers, do 0lthi ‘ solemnly affirm] 1'nat 1 will faithfully, honestly, and impartially,

« according to the belt of tny Skill and Judgement, hear and determine such Matter? and Things as shall be brought before me by virtue of an

Ait made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act [Here set forth the Title of this A£f\ without

Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to any Person or Persons

wlioinsoever; and a!so that I am a Householder. within the Jurisdiction

of the said Court, and that 1 am possessed of a Real Estate of the An-‘ nual Value of Sixty Pounds [or, of a Personal Effate of the Value of ‘ One thousand five hundred Pounds] above all Charges and incumbrances

whatsoever. So help me God/

Which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer in open Court; and every such Commissioner shall and he is hereby required (after talcing the said Oath or Affirmation) to sign and subsertbe his Name upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment, to be provided for that Purpose, with the said Oath or Affirmation written or printed thereon, and fich Roll or Rolls shall be carefully kept among the Records of the said Court.

[Lee. & Per J

11 E

938

Qualification of the Commid oners.

Aft s of Comm rs be-foie Conviction deemed good.

Appointment of Officers, Aec.

If a sufficient Number of Commissioners do not attend, Clerk to adjourn the Court.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be qualified t® as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act unless he shall at the

Time of acting be a Iioufeholder within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and possessed of a Real Estate for his own Use and Benefit of the Annual Value of Sixty Pounds, or of a Personal Estate for his own Use and Benefit of the Value of One thousand five hundred Pounds above all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever; and if any Person not being qualified as aforesaid, shall presume to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence, over and above any Punishment that he may be subject and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and in every such Action, Bill, Plaint and Information, the Proof of such Qualification shall be on the Defendant, and it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Prosecutor to prove that the Person so sued or prosecuted had acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Judgements, Orders, Decrees, Acts, and Proceedings of all and every Person or Persons acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of such Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Convifkion, be as good, valid, and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall anJ may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required, at their said First Meeting, to nominate, and appoint One or more fit and proper Person or Persons for each of the several Offices of Clerk and Beadle, and for the other necessary Offices of and in the said Court of Requests; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons appointed to execute the Office of Clerk, immediately after his or their Appointment, and from Time to Time to nominate and appoint a Deputy oi Deputies to act in his or their Room or Stead in Case of Sickness, or for other sufficient Cause to be allowed by the said Commissioners, but not otherwise; and every such Clerk or his Deputy is and are hereby empowered and required to issueail Summonses, Warrants, and Precepts, and to register all Orders, Decrees, and Judgments of the said Court, and to do all such Acts, Matters, and Things as are directed or required to be done by the said Clerk by vi;tue of this Act, and shall enter and register or cause to be entered or registered in a proper Book or Books to be provided by such Clerk and kept for that Purpose, all the Acts and Proceedings of the said Court of what Nature or Kind soever.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners shall not be present to act in the Execution of this Act, as is herein directed, on any of the Days appointed for holding the said Court, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said Commissioners who shall be present, and if no Commissioner shall be present, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk

939

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

or his Deputy for the Time being, to adjourn the said Court to the next Court Day or to some earlier Day.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks and Beadles of the said Office' of Court shall do and perform in their respective Offices as they shall be Verier'*1 9 directed or required by the said Commissioners, and the said Beadles of the said Court shall serve all Summonses, and execute such Orders, Warrants, and Precepts* and do and perform all such other Acts* Matters, and Things as may be required to be done by them respectively by virtue of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Appointment for the major Part of the Commissioners who shall be fitting and acting ^"a*,*cer* in Court on the next Court Day after the Death, Resignation, or Remo- Death or val of any Clerk, Beadle, or other Officer, nominated or appointed by Refisnallun* virtue of this Act, or as soon after as the same shall be known, to cause the whole Number of Commissioners for the Time being to be summoned by Advertisement, to be inserted in some Newspaper printed or circulated in the Western Division of the County of Kent, to meet at some convenient Place to be appointed for that Purpose within Twenty Days next after their being summoned as aforesaid; and the Commissioners at such Meeting, or the major Part of them present, are hereby authorized and required to elect another Person or Persons in the Room or Stead of every such Clerk, Beadle, or other Officer so dying, resigning, or being removed as aforesaid, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act contained, and so from Time to Time when and as often as any Clerk, Beadle, or other Officer shall die, resign, or be removed from their respective Offices.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Comnr.ifiiontr* they are hereby required to make, or cause to be made, fair and regular Entries in a Book or Books to be provided by them for that Pur. un<i inch En’-pose, of all the Judgments, Acts, Oiders, Directions, Regulations aenc-.UUe£vl9 and Proceedings of them the said Commissioners relative to the Execution of the several Powers and Authorities vested in them by this Act, and also of the Names of the Commissioners who shall be present at their respective Meetings; and such Entries shall be signed by the Chairman of each re-fptdive Meeting; and such Entries when so signed, and such Book and Books, shall be allowed to be read in Evidence, in Proof of the Proceedings of such Court in all Courts whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to what Debts and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby empowered and en- ^J!1'byd'fie abled to decide and determine all Disputes and Differences between Party said Commis-and Party for any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, in all Actions or flo"irs* causes of Debt, and in all causes of /IJfumpfit and Inftmul Computafiet, and in all causes or Actions of Trover and Conversion, and in all causes or Returns founded on a Quantum Meruit, and in all causes or Actions of Trespass or Detinue for Goods and Chattels taken or detained.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act con- Commissiona tained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said Coin- terminVany* missioners to determine the Right or Title; to any Lands, Tenements, or oause .*iao Hereditaments, or Real Estates whatsoever, or to judge, determine, or LanTis’tobe

decide brought i# question.

9^0

This Atf rot to alter the Powers of Two A«Ms of the toch and 3*11 G.

Commissioners not to act where iute-nltwd.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

decide on any Debt where the Title of the Freehold or Lease for Years of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Chattels Real whatsoever shall be brought or come into question, nor on any Debt for any Sum being the Balance of an Account or Demand originally exceeding Five Pounds, or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that shall arise by reason of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments situate elsewhere than in the said several Hundreds of Codfheath, Somcrden, Westcrham and Eder,bridge, IVrotham, Brenchley and fbtfmenddn, lFafh' ling ft one, the Lowey of Tonbridge, and the Ville and Liberty of Brafted in the County of Kent, or any of them, or by reason of any Cause concerning Testament or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, or for or concerning any Agreement by way of Composition for or by way of Retainer of Tythes.

XVI. And whereas by an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better adjusting and more easy Recovery of the Wages of certain Servants, and for the better Regulation of such Servants and of certain Apprentices, it is enacted, that all Complaints, Differences, and Disputes which should arise between Masters or Mistresses and Servants in Husbandry, who should be hired for One Year or longer, or which should happen or arise between Masters and Mistresses and Artificers, H~ndicraftsmen, Miners, Colliers, Keelmen, Pitmen, Glaffmen, Potters, and other Labourers employed for any certain Time or in any other Manner, should be heard and determined by one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the Place where such Master or Miff refs should inhabit; and by One other Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act to amend an Act made in the Third Year of the Reign of King William and Ehteen Mary, intituled, An Act for the better Explanation and/applying the ' Defects of the former Lavas c for the Settlement of the Poor,so far at the fame relates to Apprentices gain-‘ inga Settlement by Indentures; and also to empower Justices of the Peace to

determine Differences between Masters and Mistre ffes and their Servants in

Husbandry, touching their Wages, though fuel) Servants are hired for less

Time than a Tear,’ it is enacted, that dll and every Clause, Matter, and Thing in the said recited Act contained, shoul 1 be deemed and construed to extend to all Servants employed in Husbandry, though hired for less Time than One Year: Provided therefore, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Commissioners to hear or determine any such Complaint, Difference, or Dispute, but all such Complaints, Differences, and Disputes shall be heard and determined1 ?n such and the like Manner by such Justice or Justices, as if this Act had not been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner or Com. mrffioners of the said Court for the Time beibg; shall be Party or Parties to, or concerned or interested in any Cause,' Action, or Matter depending in the said Court, no inch Commissionor or Commissioners shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners on the hearing or determining such Cause, Action, or Matter, or in making ariy Order, Decree, or Judgement therein, but such Commissioner or Commissionere, after being heard in such Cause, Action, or Matter, shall withdraw until the fame is finally determined; and if the Clerk or his Deputy, or other

3 Officer

94*

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

Officer of the said Court for the Time being, shall be a Party or interested in any Cause, Action or Suit depending in the said Court, such Clerk, Deputy, or other Officer shall not exercise his said Office in such Cause, Action, or Matcer, or in any Thing relating thereto, but the said Commissioners forming the said Court shall and may appoint another Person to exercise the Office of such Clerk or Deputy, or other Officer respectively, in ali 1 hings relating to such Cause, Action, or Matter.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable any Plaintiff to split or divide any Cause or Action for the Recovery of any Debt, where the whole Sum that shall appear to be due and owing shall exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, in order that the fame may be made the Ground of Two or more causes or Actions, for the Purpose of bringing such Cause or Action within the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners that any Plaintiff shall have so split or divided his or her Cause or Action as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to dismiss with Colts every such Cause or Action so split and divided; but such Dismissal shall not hinder or prevent such Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wcjimhijlsr, or in such other Manner as he or she may lawfully proceed: Provided always, that in case any Plaintiff who shall have so split or divided such his or her Cause or Action, shall be willing to accept such Sum of Money as the said Court is in and by this A.£t enabled to adjudge, decree, and pronounce in full of the whole of his or her Demand in such Cause or Action so split or divided, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and may adjudge, decree, and pronounce, (on such Plaintiff proving his or her Cause or Cafe to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners) such Sum to the Plaintiff, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, as to the said Commissioners shall leein just and reasonable; and such Sum shall in the Judgment or Decree to be pronounced by the said Commissioners be declared to be and shall be in full Discharge of all Demands from the Defendant to the Plaintiff in such Cause or Cafe so split and divided.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First: Meeting of the said Commissioners, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons (whether such Person or Persons shall reside within the Jurisdiction of the said Court or not) having any Debt or Debts (save and except as herein excepted) not exceeding the Value of Five Pounds due or owing or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Person or Persons, or as Executor, Administrator, Guardian, Assignee, or Trustee to any Person or Persons, or due and owing to him as Mayor, Chamberlain, Town Clerk, or other Officer, to any Body Corporate, or to any Club or Friendly Society, duly associated and constituted by the Statutes in that Cafe made and provided, or in any other Manner whatsoever, which the said Commissioners are by this Act enabled to judge and determine, and not expressly prohibited by this Act by or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever inhabiting and residing, or being within any of the several Parishes or Places in the said Hundreds of Codjfheath, Somerden, IVeflerbam, and Edenbridge, Wrotham, Brencbley, and Horfmonden, Wajhlirgficne, the I.owey of Tonbridge, and the Ville

\Lcc. £5" Ter.] n F and

Action* not to be 'piit for the Purpose of bringing them before the Court, Sec.

Debtor* may be summoned before the Commissioners, who may make such Order between the Parties a* they shall think fit.

" '9 + 2

Service on One Partner (in Cafes of I o partnership) to be deemed Service oil both.

No Evidence to be given by the Plaintiff oi any

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

and Liberty of Braced, in the County of Ktitt, or any of them as aforesaid; or keeping and using any House, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, or Stand, or generally using and frequenting the Markets there as a Dealer or seeking a Livelihood, to apply to the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being, or his Deputy, who shall immediately make out and deliver to the Beadle of the said Court for the Time being a Summons in Writing, under the Hand of the said Clerk, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and stating the Particulars of such Demand or Cause of Action, together with the Name of the Party demanding the fame, and requiring him, her, or them to appear at a certain Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons (such Time not being earlier than Seven Days after the serving of such Summons) before the Commissioners of the said Court to answer such Demands; and such Beadle shall forthwith serve of cause such Summons to be served on such Debtor or Debtors either personally or by leaving the fame with his, her, or their Servant or other Person belonging to him, her, or them, or at the Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, of such Debtor or Debtors, being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and upon due Proof made of such Summons having been duly served in Manner aforesaid, the said Coin-miffiotiers present in Court (such Number present not being less than by this Act directed) are hereby empowered and req ired to make due Enquiry concerning such Demands or Plaints, and make such Orders therein, and pass such Sentence or Judgment thereupon, and award such reasonable Cods of Suit as to them shall leem right and proper, confident with the Rules and Regulations in this Act contained, and for the better Discovery of the Truth, and morefolemn Determination of the Matters and causes which shall be depending in the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in the said Court to administer an Oath or Oaths, or Affirmation or Affirmations to any Officer of the said Court, or to either of the Parties whom they the said Commissioners shall think proper to examine, touching the Matters then in question, and also to such Witness or Witnesses as shall be produced by eachPaity, and also to any other Person or Persons whose Evidence shall seem necessary towards hearing and determining any of the said causes or Actions, or making an Order or Decree therein, or for any other Purpose requisite to the Execution of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That where any Debt shall be due or owing or demanded from any Two or more Persons jointly by reason or on account of such Persons being Partners in Trade, or otherwise join ly concerned. Service of such Summons as aforesaid personally, on any one of such Partners or Persons, and Notice thereof left at the lait usual Place or Places of Abode, Warehouse, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand or other Place of dealing, trading or working, of the other or oihers of such Partners or Persons shall be as good and sufficient as if each of such Partners or Persons were separately summoned as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff on the Trial of any such Cause or Action as aforesaid, of any Demand or Cause of Action, except such as is Hated in

the

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

the said Summons hereby directed to be given, nor shall any Evidence be admitted on Behalf of the Defendant or Detendants on the Trial of such Cause or Action of any Demand lie, (he, or they may have on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in the Nature of a Set-off, or lessen or discharge himself, herself, or themselves from such Demand or Cause of Action, unless Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the said Plaintiffor Plaintiffs by personal Service, or by leaving it at his, her or their Dwelling House, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working, previous to the Day when such Matter or Cause shall be heard or tried.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor or Debtors who shall have been duly summoned as aforesaid, shall not appear either in Person or by his, her, or their Agent, or some other Person on his, her, or their Behalf before the said Court at the Time and Place mentioned in the said Summons (such Time not being earlier than Seven Days after the serving of such Summons) then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissmners assembled in the said Court, after Proof made upon Oath of the Service of the said Summons in Manner afortl'aid, to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgment therein as to them shall seem just and equitable, and to appoint some certain Time and Place, according to their Discretion, for such D btor or Debtors to shew Cause before the said Commissioners against such Order, Decree, or Judgment so pronounced, e.v parte as aforesaid; at which Time and Place, or at any subsequent Court or Courts, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, whether such Debtor or Debtors shall then appear and shew Cause or not, upon Proof upon Oath made that a Copy of such Order, Decree, or Judgment had been given to such Debtor or Debtors, or left with his, her, or their Servant or other Person belonging to him, her, or them, or at the Dwelling-house, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working of such Debtor or Debtors, being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court (Seven Days at lead before the final Order, Decree, or Judgment shall be made or pronounced) to make and pronounce such final Order, Judgment, or Decree therein, and to award such refsonable Cods of Suit as to them shall seem mod agreeable to Equity and good Conscience.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if upon any Day of the Return of any Summons issued on the Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, or of the Cause for or on account of which such Summons shall have been issued, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall not appear either in Person or by his, her, or their Agent, or some other Person on his, her or their Behalf, or appearing shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Demands to the Satisfaction of the said Court, but shall become nonsuited, or Judgement shall be pronounced against him, her, or them by the said Court, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in Court, and they are hereby required to award to the Defendant or Defendants such reasonable Cods and such reasonable Satisfaction for his, her, or their Trouble and Attendance, as they the said Commissioners in their Discretion shall think, lit, and to order and compel the Plaintiff'

or

943

Matter not

i.A>tiin his Su.nm ns, nor by Dcfrn* dant in any c:ofs Dt.uand he mty h ive *»n the i lam. r»ff, without Notice given thereof.

If Debtor does no apr»eir, Commissioner* may proceed.

If Plaintiff does nol 3p-peac to prove his Demand, Defendant shall have Cods.

94-4

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 5o.

or Plaintiffs to pay the fame by such Ways or Means as are herein

provided for the Recovery of Debts ordered or decreed by the said

Court.

hmishing

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons attending,?^ residing or being within the Juiifdidion of the said Court, after having

summoned. been duly served with a Subpoena cr Summons, to be issued by the Clerk.

or Clerks of the said Court of Requests or his or their Deputy, and paid or tendered his, her, or their reasonable Expences to attend and give his, her or their Evidence at a Time and Place in such Subpoena or Summons mentioned on behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall neglect or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, due Proof being made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no sufficient Cause for his, her, or their Absence or Non-appearance being shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court on Oath, or in case of being a Quaker or Quakers, solemn Affirmation being made (which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them are hereby authorized and required to administer) before the said Commissioners by the Party or Parties at whole Instance and on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Person or Persons served therewith was or weiea Witness, by such Pariy or Parties judged necessary for the Proof of his, her, or their Cause or Caules, Action or Actions, Complaint or Complaints, Defence or Defences; or if the Person or Persons so served with such Subpoena or Summons shall appear and refuse to be sworn, or being a Quaker or Quakers to make Affirmation (which Oath or Affirmation the said Com-Jmissioners or any i bree or more of them are hereby authorized and re-jquired to administer) or to give Evidence touching the Matter in Question, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said -‘Commissioners to impose any Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds on such Person or Persons; and in case such Fine shall not be paid forthwith, such Fine shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) after lie ducting such Fine, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Fine when so paid, levied, or recovered, shall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whose Instance or on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons shall have been issued; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the said Commissioners, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol within the Weltem Division of the said County of Kent, there to remain for any Time not exceeding the Space of Two Calendar Months.

noon

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall at any Time, during the Hearing of any Cause in the said Court, appear by the Oath of any Person or Persons, to the Satisfaction of the major Part of the Commissioners present in the Court at which such Cause shall be heard, that such Debtor or Debtors is or are unable from Sickness or unavoidable Accident to pay and discharge the Debt or Debts for which he, she, or they shall have been so summoned, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the major Part of the said Commissioners assembled at any such Court or Courts as aforesaid, to suspend the Proceedings in such 8 Cause.

Commissioners to fulpenJ Proceedings in Cafe.- whe e Debtors aieil1, or unable to pay the Debt.

945

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

Cause, until it shall, upon like Proof as aforesaid, appear to the Court that such Debtor or Debtors shall be able to pay such Debt or Debts, and then to proceed again in Manner aforesaid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where any Wages or any other Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, shall be due and owing to any menial Servant, Clerk, Book Keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Afliilant, Labourer, or any other Person whomsoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Servant, Clerk, Book Keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Assistant, Labourer, or other Person, to sue for and recover such Debt in the said Court, in the same Manner as if he or she were of full Age; and the said Commissioners present in the said Court are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance of and proceed in all causes concerning such Debts in the same Manner, and shall rave such and the fame Powers in regard thereto as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs were all of full Age.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in any Cause, Action or Cafe where the said Commissioners shall have made an Order or Decree for the Payment cf Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in Court to award Execution either against the Body or Goods of the Party against whom such Order or Decree shall be made, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk of the said Court, at the Prayer of the Party prosecuting such Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, to issue a Precept under his Hand and Seal, by way of Capias ad Satisfaciendum or Fieri Facias, to one of the Beadles of the said Court, who by virtue of such Precept issued upon Execution awarded against the Body of such Party, shall and may and is hereby empowered to take such Party being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and carry him, her, or them to the Common Gaol within the Western Division of the said County of Kent, there to remain for the Space or Time herein in that Behalf particularly directed, save and except he, she, or they shall perform and obey such Order, Decree, or Judgment before the Expiration of such Order; and in case any such Precept shall be issued upon Execution against the Goods and Chattels of such Party, such Beadle shall and may and he is hereby empowered to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Party, being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs as shall befo ordered, decreed, or adjudged; and if the Party against whose Body or Goods any such Execution shall be awarded, and Process thereupon issue, shall, by absconding or by secreting or removing his, her, or their Goods or Chattels, or by any other Means prevent or evade the Service or Effect of any such Execution, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in the said Court, upon due Proof theveof made before them by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, at their Discretion to award further Execution either against the Body or Goods and Chattels of such Party, and Process shall issue thereupon, and be served by One of the Beadles of the said Court in Manner aforesaid, until the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be fully paid and satisfied; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com-nnll'oners from Time to Time, in case they shall think fit, for the Ease

[Lee. & PerJj 11 G and

Debt! due to t’crloni under A^e may be recovered.

Commission-rrs may award Execution against the Body or Goods.

946 4*° GEORGII III. Gap.$o,

irtd Convenience of the Defendant or Defendants (and they are hereby authorized iind empowered) to order, decree, or adjudge any Debt or Debts due t6 the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to be paid by several Payments or Instalments, and under such Terms and Conditions as may appear reasonable and just to them the said Commissioners for the Pale of the Defendant or Defendants, and the Security of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and it shall fend ttiay be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present m Court, in case of any Default or Failure of any such Payments or Instalments so ordered, decreed, adjudged, or directed shall afterwards be made, and they fere hereby authorized and empowered, at the Instance of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and upon due Proof of the said Default or Failure, to award Execution against the said Defendant or Defendants, or against any other Person or Persons who may have given Security to the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs under the Directions of the said Commissioners for the Pay meat of such Instalments in Manner aforesaid, for the whole Debt, or such Part thereof as shall then remain unpaid, together with such further Costs as to them shall seem just and reasonable; and such Debt, or such Part thereof, and such further Costs, shall be recovered by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of the Debt and Costs firit decreed.

Allowance to be made to Pri Cmert.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be and they are hereby empowered in their Order of Commitment of any Person or Persons to the said Common Gaol for the Non-payment of any Debt or Debts, to order and direct such daily Sura or Suras to be paid Weekly or otherwise by die Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to the Defendant or Defendants so committed for his, her, or their Maintenance while in Pri-. son, as they the said Commissioners in their Discreuon shall think proper, so as such daily Allowance shall not exceed Three-pence to each Person j and in default of Payment of the Sum or Sums so ordered to be paid for the Space of Three Days, the Keeper or Keepers of the fame Gaol Ss and are hereby directed to discharge such Person or Persons from his, her, or their Custody, in such and the same Manner as if the Debt and Colts for which such Person or Persons was or were committed had been fully paid and satisfied: Provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay to the Gaoler or Gaolers the Sum so ordered by the Commissioners for the whole Number of Days expressed in the Order of Commitment at the Time of the Defendant or Defendants being delivered into the Custody of the Gaoler or Gaolers, and such Gaoler or Gaolers is and are hereby directed to pay thereout the daily Allowance so ordered every Day to such Defendant or Defendants during his, her, or their Confinement; and in case such Defendant or Defendants shall be legally discharged from such Confinement before the Expiration of the Time of Commitment, that then and in such Case the said Gaoler or Gaolers shall upon such Discharge forthwith repay to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs the proportionate Refid ue of such Sum according to the Number of Days which shall be unexpired of the Time for which such. Defendant or Defendants was or were originally committed.

Proccf not to

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to

issue asiioft 0j- for the said Commissioners to issue any Process against the Body or GootuT <r Bodies of any Defendant or Defendants, in any Case or Cafes where chattels of the the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs entitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgment, fame Pet son. or

48° GEORGI! III. Gap. 50.

or Decree, shall have obtained any Warrant or Process against the Goods or Chattels of the fame Defendant or Defendants.

XXX. And, as it may happen that Persons served with Process issuing out of the said Court of Req<iefts, may* in order to avoid Execution, remove their Persons and Effects beyond the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the raid Court; be it therefore enacted, That in all Cafes where a final Decree or Judgment for any Sum or Sums exceeding Ten Shillings shall have been obtained in the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majesty's C ourts of Record at Westminster (upon Affidavit made and filed of such Decree or Judgment being obtained, and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Person or Persons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and of the Precept of Execution being issued again!! the Person or Persons or Effects (as the Case may be) of the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Person or Persons, Goods and Chattels of such Defendant or Defendants, is or are not to be found within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, (which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or Commissioner authorized to take Affidavits) to cause the Record of the said Decree or Judgment to be removed inro such superior Court, and to issue Wilts of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, against the Person or Persons, or Effects of the Defendant or Defendants, in the same Manner as upon Judgments obtained in any of the said Courts at Westminster; and the Sheriff, upon every such Execution, shall and he is hereby authorized to decain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum of Twenty Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the Effeff , according to the Nature of the Execution, for the extraordinary Costs of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the said Court, over and above the Money for which such Executions shall be issued.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That upon each and every Precept to be issued upon Execution awarded against the Body or Goods and Chattels of ally Person or Persons whomsoever, the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being shall indorse or cause to be indoifed the Sum or Sums of Money, and the Costs so ordered, decreed and adjudged; and if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall be awarded respectively shall, before any actual Sale of the Goods and Chattels, or before he, she, or they is or are apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisontment, as herein mentioned, pay, or cause to be paid or tendered unto the Clerk for the Time being of the said Court, such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs together with the Fee or Fees herein directed to be paid to such Clerk, as a Compensation for his Trouble in receiving the fame, and in entering an Acknowledgment and Satisfaction in full for such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs, then and in every such Case the Execution shall be superseded, and the Body or Goods and Chattels of the said Party or Parties shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Keeper or Keepers for the Time being of the Common Gaol within the said Western Division of the said c ounty of Kent, shall and he and they is and are hereby required to receive and take into his or their Custody respectively all and every Person or Persons who shall be committed or ordered to Hand committed , under

94T

-Record cf (Judgment may bj removed into the Sup rior Court, and Writ of 'Kx cut ion issue thereon.

Clerk to indorse Debt and Colts on the Precepr, and 'fpiid to b'm before S ile, Execution Co be superseded

Penalty on Keeper of Prison neg. leeling hit Duty.

948

No Priv'.lege to b allowed /Wt< rniet.

No At’o- nejr, &c. to b- ’.n Advoca'tr in thia Court.

48° GEORGII III."‘Cap. 50.

under or by virtue of this Act; and in case the Keeper or Keepers of such Gaol or Prison shall negletl or refuse to receive and take into his or their Custody any Person or Persons so committed, or shall before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall be committed to his or their Custody, discharge such Person or Persons out of his or their Custody, and wilfully suffer such Person or Persons to go at large without a Warrant or Order for that Purpose in Writing, signed in Court by the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, such Keeper and Keepers respectively so offending in either of the said Crfes, and being thereof convicted before any One of more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Kent, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such [ultice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administc) or upon his or their own Conftllion, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, at the Discretion of the said Justice or Justices; and in case such Sum shall not be immediately paid by the Person or Persons so offending into the Hands of the said Justice or Justices, before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, then and in every such Cale such Sum shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender o Offenders by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any' upon Demand to such Offender or Offenders, after deducing the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale; and such Forfeiture, when so paid, levied, or recovered, shall be distributed in like Manner as the several other Fines and Penalties are by this AQ. directed to be distributed; and in case fuffioier.t Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice or Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the Western Division of the said County of Kent, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture and all Costs and Charg s attending such Conviction, be sooner paid and discharged.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Privilege shall be allowed to exempt any Person liable to be summoned by virtue of this Act, from the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests,on account of his beinga sworn Attorney or Solicitor, or other Officer of any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or of any other Court whatsoever, but that all such Attornies, Solicitors, and other Officers shall be subject to the several Processes, Orders, Judgments, and Executions of the said Court of Requests, in the same Manner as any other Person or Persons is and arc subject to the same.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no such Attorney', Solicitor, Scrivener, or any Person practising the Law, shall be permitted to appear in the said Court of Requests as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate for or on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or any other Person, to speak before the said Court in any Cause, Action, or Matter in which such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener, is not himself a Party or Witness; and in case any Attorney Solicitor, or Scrivener shall appear in the said Court of Requests as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate for or on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or speak before the said Court in any Cause, Action, or Matter in which such Attorney, Solicitor, or Scrivener is not himself a Party or Witness, then and in every such Case such Attorney,

Solicitor,

I

48° GEORGII III. Cap:$Q. 949

Solicitor, or Scrivener so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, on being convicted thereof, before any One or or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County aforesaid, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice and Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer) or on his own Confcffibn; and in case such Sum off Money shall not be paid forthwith by the Person or Persons so offending into the Hands of the said Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, then and in every such Case such Sum of Money shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender, after deducting such Fine or Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale; and such Fine or Forfeiture, when so paid and levied or recovered, shall be distributed in like Manner as the several other Fines and Penalties are by this Act directed to be distributed.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the several Fees hereinafter to be limited and expressed, and no other, shall be taken by the Clerks and Bea- l' en’ dies for their several and respective Services in the Execution of this Act, for the Recovery of all Stuns not exceeding Five Pounds, according to the Amount of the Sum recovered (that is to say,)

bo -3 f T3

j 5 f qr ‘gsS PC* £ 8 j

To the CLERK. 0 a O a S - C3

' -"u *' ‘ ' 1 -; V..,.. s. d. S. d. s. a*

Entering every Cafe ... 0 3 I O 1 6

issuing every Summons ... 0 3 0 6 1 0

Eor calling the Plaintiff and Defendant before ")

the Court and entering Appearance - J 0 3 3 0 0

For every Hearing ... 0 6 1 O i 6

Entering and drawing tip the Order 0 6 0 9 1 6

Paying Money into Court in full, and entering,) 0 6

the fame in his Book ' j - j 9

Paying Money by Instalments - 0 6 6 9 t 0

issuing Snbpqsna ... 0 6 I 0 1 6

issuing every Attachment, Precept, Order, or,) Execution - - j 1 © I 6 a 6

Acknowledging Satisfaction in part or in full - 0 6 O 6 I O

For every Nonsuit 0 6 t 6 2; Q

Every Search in tho Book ° 3 O 3 0 6

For swearing every Witness - - ° 3 O 4 0. 6

11H

f Lsc. V Pin]

To

950

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

A Table of such Fees to be hung up in the Court.

Limiting the Time ©i imprisoning Ueb'.ors, &c.

Any Debtor concealing Money or Goods, the

bo c bO C to

-o M U . 'O jsl

-S 0 P 8 P 2 3- og-

To the BEADLE. G O 0 G

s. d. x. d. d.

For calling every Cause - 0 2 O 2 0 3

For calling every Plaintiff or Defendant - 0 2 O 2 0 3

For every Hearing ... 0 2 0 3 0 4

For every Nonsuit - ° 3 0 4 0 6

Serving every Summons, Order, or Subpoena1)

in the Town of Sevenoaks or Town of Ton- > ° 3 0 6 0 9

bridge - - - )

If out of the Town of Sevenoaks or Town of)

Tonbridge for every Mile extra - J -0 3 ° 3 0 4

Execution of every Warrant, Precept, or At-)

tachment against the Goods or Body - J

If out of the Town of Sevenoaks or Town of)

Tonbridge, for every Mile extra - - J 0 3 0 3 0 4

And the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to hang

up and affix or cause to be hung up and affixed a Table of all such Fees in some conspicuous Part of the said Court or Place of Meeting of the said Commissioners, in order that all Persons concerned may be enabled to peruse the same.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall be committed to Prison by Order of the said Court for any Debt or Debts, or kept or continued in Custody on any Pretence whatsoever (except in the Cafes herein-after provided for) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time, from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prison, than is or are hereafter limited, (that is to say), where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, then he, she, or they shall not be kept or continued in Custody for more than Twenty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) is above Twenty Shillings, and does not exceed Forty Shillings, then not more than Forty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) is above Forty Shillings, and does not exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) is above Three Pounds, and does not exceed Four Pounds, then not more than Eighty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) is above Four Pounds, then not more than One Hundred Days, from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment; and the said Keeper and Keepers of the said Gaol or Prison is and are hereby directed and required to discharge such Persons accordingly.

aO 10

XXXVII. And, in order more effectually to prevent Persons summoned for Debt to the said Court from fraudulently concealing their Money, Goods, or Effects, be it further enacted, That in case upon the Summons of any Person

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 50. 951

Person for any Debt or Debts before the said Court, Information, of any 1113

such fraudulent Concealment shall be given, such Court shall have Power mem to" t>« to hear Evidence as to the Fa ft, and in case it shall be proved to their enlarged. Satisfaction, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath the said Court is hereby empowered to administer, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to enlarge the aforesaid Time of Imprisonment of such Debtor to any Period in Addition thereto not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and The Time of

Persons who shall be taken in Execution under or by virtue of any Process b?°f^pa"t

issuing from or out of the said Court of Requests, and who at the Time rit iy and of his, her, or their being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or Jyr°c’^dy their Imprisonment, shall have more than One Execution against him. Execution, her, or them in the said Court, shall be imprisoned the Time by this Act

limited for andinrespect of such Execution, and after the Time so limited in the First Execution is expired, the Imprisonment on the Second Execution shall commence, and after the Time so limited on the Second Execution is expired, the Imprisonment on the Third Execution shall commence, and so on until he, she, or they shall have been imprisoned the Time by this Act limited for and in respect of each separate Execution to be issued against him, her, or them in the said Court, previous to his, her, or their being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment, any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary thereof in any. wise notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person impri- Debtors not to foned by virtue of this Act shall, on the Expiration of his or her Time of P*y e>aoi Fees. Imprisonment, be discharged and set at Liberty, without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratuity whatsoever to the Keeper or Keepers or Turnkey or Turnkeys of the Prison to which he or she shall have been committed, or others, by way of Gaol Fees, or Discharge Fees, or on any Pretence whatsoever; and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of such Prison, or any Person whornsoever shall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever upon the Discharge of any such Person or Persons so committed to his, her, or their Charge or Custody as aforesaid, or shall keep or detain any such Person or Persons a Prisoner or Prisoners after the Time by this Act limited for his, her, or their Imprisonment, every such Keeper, Turnkey, and other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Jul-tices of the Peace for the said County to hear and determine every such Offence, and such Two Justices are hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made before them of such Offence having been committed (in case such Information shall be exhibited or Complaint made within Three Calender Months after the Offence committed) to summon the Party accused and also the Witnesses on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fast, and upon due Proof made thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Withefs or Witnesses or by the voluntary Confession of the Party accused, to give Judgment or Sentence for such Penalty or Forfeiture aforesaid; and in case such Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals 8 for

95 2

Officers of the Court neglect. ing their Du y «o pay ihc Colts, etc.

Officers taking any Fee* tiefides the Feet allowed by the Act, to lose their Situations.and pay a Fine.

4.8° GEORGII III. iCap.50.

for levying such Penalty and Forfeiture by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting such Penalty and Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in case Efficient Did.refs shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to some one of the Common Gaols or Houses of Correction for the Western Division of the said County of Kent, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Coils and Charges attending such Conviction be sooner paid and discharged, and One Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture when paid or received shall be paid to the Person or Persons informing or suing for the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to the Clerk of the said Commissioners; and such Moiety so paid to the said Clerk, shall be by the said Commissioners distributed amongst the Poor of the several Parishes and Places within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, in such Shares and Proportions as to the said Commissioners shall seem right and proper.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Beadle or other Officer or Officers of the said Court employed to serve any Execution, shall, by wilful Neglect, Omission, or Connivance, cause or suffer the Party against whom such Execution shall be awarded to escape or abscond, or the Goods of such Party to be carried away or secreted, so that such Execution shall not have its due Effect, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof made upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesse?, to order such Beadle or other Officer to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which such Execution was awarded to the Parties complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof by the fame Ways and Means as are herein provided for the Recovery of his, her, or their Debt or Debts; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Coin ini ilioners and they are hereby enabled to impose any Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Offence, on such Beadle or Beadles, Officer or Officers; and such Fine, if not forthwith paid, shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of thp Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deduding such Fine, and the Coils and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Fine, when so levied and recovered, shall be paid to and distributed by the said Commissioners in such Shares and Proportions and in such Manner amongst the Poor of the several Parishes and Places within the Juriiuidion of the said Court, as they the said Commissioners may think fit and proper.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk* Beadle, or any other Officer or Servant employed by the said Commissioners in putting this Act or any of the Powers thereof in Execution, shall exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward whatsoever, other than and except such Fees as are appointed and allowed to them respectively by virtue of this Act, for or on account of any thing done or to be done under or by virtue thereof, or on any account whatsoever relative to putting this Act into Execution, every such Person so offending shall upon Conviction thereof before the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings, or upon Verdict or Judgment being had against him in such Action as next herein-after

mentioned.

953

4S° GEORGII III. Cap.'yQ.

mentioned, be for ever incapable of serving or being employed under this Act in any Office of Profit or Emolument, and shall over and above forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, within Six Calendar Months after the Offence committed, in which Suit no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed.

XI.II. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk or Beadle of the said Court shall neglect to issue or serve any Summons in the due or proper Time for serving the fame, or shall be guilty of any Neglect or Misbehaviour, or otherwise misconduct himself in the Execution of his Office, then and in every furh Cafe, upon Complaint made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, in open Court, to hear and enquire into the Matter of such Neglect, Misbehaviour, or MisconJuft, by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners on such Hearing and Enquiry, that such Clerk or Beadle has been guilty of such Neglect, Misbehaviour, or Misconduct, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered to suspend or remove the said Clerk or Beadle so offending from his said Office, and nominate or appoint some other fit and able PeTfon to execute the said Office in the Place or Steal of the Officer so removed.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, upon his, her, or their Examination on Oath or Affirmation before the said Commissioners in any Action, Cause, or Matter depending in the said Court of Requests, or before any Justice or Justices of the Peace aftiqg in Execution of this Act, shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or shall wilfully and corruptly swear any Matter or Thing which shall be false or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being duly convicted thereof, shall be and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law or Statute, Laws or Statutes in Force and Effect, Persons guilty of wilful or corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall contemptuously and wilfully inl'ult or abuse all or any of the said Commissioners, or any of the Officers of the said Court for the Time being, during his or their Sitting or Attendance in the said Court, or shall interrupt or obstruct the Proceedings of the said Court, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Beadle or Beadles of the said Court with or without the Assistance of any other Person or Persons, by Order of the said Commissioners, to take such Offender or Offenders into Custody; and the said Commissioners shall then examine into such Insult, Abuse, or Misbehaviour, either from their own View or Knowledge of what passed, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, and upon such Inlult, Abuse, or Misbehaviour being duly proved as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and the)' are hereby authorized and empowered to impose a Fine not exceeding Ten Pounds for each and every such Offence on each and every such Offender or Offenders; and in case such Fine ffialFnot be forthwith [Lor. Cf Per.~] 11 I—K paid.

C’crk or P>-a« die n, >t performing Ins Du y rmy be removed.

PuniOiinr Per-16ns gui’ty or Perjiny.

For prevent*

iiii» Infuits bring offered to the Courr,

954 48° 0 £ORtJII III. Cap. 50.

said, the same shall and may be levied and recovered by Dif!refs and bale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders by Warrant Under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the said Commii'-sioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducting such Fine and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale to the Owner or Owners of Thch Goods and Chattels; and the said Fine, when so paid, levied, or recovered, shall be paid to and distributed by the Commissioners in such Shares a;id Proportions and in such Manner amongst the Poor of the several Parishes and Places within the Jurisdiction of the said Court-as they the said Comniifftoners shall think fit and proper; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful for any Three or more of the said Commissioners to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol! for the Western Division of the said County of Kent, for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

to prevent"01

XLV. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or D.ftrcn for be construed to extend so as to prevent or restrain any Person from dif-

R,nt- training for any Rent or Arrears thereof, although the same shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds.

Limitations XLVI. And, for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Limitations may i>e maybe pleaded in the said Court of Requests, be it further enacted, That

plcaJ«d. all Defendants in the said Court shall be allowed to plead or claim the

Benefit of any Statute of Limitations in Force and Effect, and every Defendant so pleading or clairping shall have and receive fugh and the like Advantage and Relief thereby as such Defendant would have been entitled to in case this Act had not been made, and he; she, or they had been sued for the fame Debt or other Cause of Action ‘in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or any other Court, and had there pleaded such S.a-tute in bar to the Action or Suit. IW

) l'f 'M: . '

Ap^icavijaof -£LVII. And be it further enacted, That all-Penalties or Forfeitures by Penalties. virtue of this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the said Canimissioneis (which Warrant such Commissioners are hereby empowered to grant) upon the Ccfnfeflion of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath, and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale "shall fee returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after dech lifting such Fines and Penalties, and the Colls and Charges of makifig, keeping, and felling the Distress; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when' recovered (if not hereinbefore directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Clerk 'to the said Commissioners, and shall be by the said Commissionersdlftributed amongst the Poor of the several Parishes and Plaices within the Jurisdiction of the said Court of Requests, in such Shares and Proportions and Tn fueff Manner as the said Commissioners or any Three or more bf them shall tfrink rfent and proper; and in case sufficient Distress shall not beTofmd, or such Penaltiesand Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith,it shall and niafy be lawful toandfor the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized anefi^uired, by Warrantunder their Hands and Seals, to rause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol for the said Western Division of the said County of Kent,

955

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

Kent, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction shall be made for any Offenc'* or Offences committed against this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect-following (that is to say);

‘ "D'E it remembered, that on this Day of in

‘ the Year‘of the Reign of

A.B. is convicted before of His Majesty's Justices of

‘ the Peace for [or, before of the Commissioners for the Recovery of Small Debts i

in the County of Kcht'j of having [ns the Offence shall be}; and I

f [or. We] the said do adjudge him [her, or, them] to

forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of such

‘ Offence being contrary to the srovisions of an Act, made in the Forty-‘ eighth Year of the Reign of King Grsrgethe Third, intituled [here insert the

Title of this Act}. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands ‘ and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.’

XLIX. And be it further, enacted, That where any Distref? shall be made for any Sum of Money, to be levied by virtue of tins Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed rinlawful, nor the Party Oi' Parties making the same be deemed aTrefpasser or Trespassers on account of any Defeat or Want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed aTrefpasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afiervyard^ done, by thy Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by' such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

L. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, or Judgment, or other Proceeding made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form only.

LI. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Forty-two Days before such Action be commenced of such intended Action ltgned by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, of their Attorney, by or on the Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court after such Action shall have been brought

Prescribing the Form of Conviction.

Form of Conviction.

fCi,

Diltrcfi not unlawful for want or F,rnw

Proceedingi not to be (liiaflied for VV:i nt of Form.

Plaintiff not to recover without Notice, or alter Tender of Amende.

956 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Limitation of

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit L lon,' shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act after Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought to Trial in the County of Kent and not elsewhere; and if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Forty-two Days Notice shall have been given, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such < afe the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Colls, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Coils of Suit in ether Cafes by Law.

Declaring th'»

LIII. And be it further enacted, That this A cl shall be deemed and

Act.a^U tk tahen to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*7(i*5 i(l*'!|H|MI>4(Mf*lf*?MHlM»*

Cap. 51.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for the moreeafy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City of Rochester, the Parish of St rood, and several other Parishes and Places in the County o{Kent.

[27th May 1808.]

75" 'ff WHEREAS an Act was made in the Twenty-second Year of the V/V/ Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the more , o. 3. c --7.

V T easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the City of Rochester, and the Parishes of Strood, Frindsbury, Cobham, Shorne, Hig-ham, Cliffe, Cooling, High Halftow, Chalk, Idoo, Burham, Wouldham,

Hailing, Cuxftone, Chatham, and Gillingham, and the Ville t/'Sheerness, in the County of Kent: And whereas the said Act: has been found useful and beneficial; but the fame is in some respects defective and insufficient fully to answer the good Purposes thereby intended; and it is expedient that some of the Provisions of the said Act should be amended and enlarged:

And whereas it would greatiy tend to the Improvement and Encouragement of Trade in the said City and Parishes, and to the necessary Support and Protection of useful Credit within the same, if the Powers of the said recited Act were extended to the Recovery of Small Debts not exceeding Five Pounds; may it therefore please Your Majesty, Thatitmav be enact-[Loc. Ss5 Per.] 11 L ' ed

962

Fart of former Act repealed.

Commissioners of former Act to execute this Act.

Kegn^t'ons as to what IS umber or Commi 01 ers shall be pie-lent.

Clerks appointed under the so mer Act to be continued.

For afcfr ain-ine vkho<hf.ll be Plaintiff* ano ifencl-ants*

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

ed; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as confines or restrains the Cognizance or Jurisdiction of the Court of Requests for the said City and Parishes, to any Debt or Debts not exceeding the Sum of Forty Shillings, shall, from and after the Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Commissioners who are or shall be nominated and appointed in the Manner dilefted by the said recited Act, are and shall be Commissioners for putting the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the several Regulations, Powers, and Authorities contained in the said recited Act, touching or concerning the Nomination or Appointment of such CommissionerSj were repeated and re-enacted in this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That on the Hearing, Examination, and Determination of each and every Action, Cause, or Question, for the Recovery of any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, Five at lealt of the said Commissioners shall be present in Court; and on the Hearing, Examination, and Determination of each and every Action, Cause, or (^ueilion, for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Forty Shillings, Three at ltafl of the said Commissioners shall be present in Court.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk and Deputy Clerk duly elected under and by virtue of the said recited Act, shall remain and continue to be such Clerk and Deputy Clerk of the said Court of Requells, for the Execution of the Purposes in the said recited Act and in this Act contained, subject and liable to the Rules, Orders, Regulations, Restric-tions. Penalties, and Forfeitures in the said recited Act and this Act contained.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons, whether residing within the said City or Parishes, or any of them, or elsewhere, and all Bodies Politic or Corporate, and Fraternities or Brotherhoods, whether Corporate or not Corporate, who now have or hereafter shall have any such Debt or Debts as is or are described in the said recited Act or any of them, or any other Debt or Debts (save and except such as are herein excepted) owing or due to or claimed or demanded by such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, or Corporate, and Fraternities or Brotherhoods, whether Corporate, or not Corporate, in his, her. or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Person or Persons to whom he, she, or they shall be Executor, Administrator, Guardian, or Trustee, and for which Debt or Debts he, flie, or they shall demand any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds from any Person or Persons whomsoever, residing or inhabiting within the said City or Parishes, or either of them, or keeping any House, Warehouse, Shop, Shed, Stall, or Stand, or seeking a Livelihood, or trading or dealing within the said City or Parishes, or either of them, to cause such Debtor or Debtors, Person or Persons from whom such Debt or Debts shall be clue or owing, or claimed or demanded; and so a Resideot Inhabitant, or keeping any House, Warehouse, Shop,

Shed,

48‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 51. 963

Shed, Stall, or Stand, or seeking a Livelihood, or trading or dealing as aforesaid, to be warned or summoned by personal Service, or by a printed or written Summons left at the Dwelling House, Lodgings, or Place of Abode, Warehouse, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or any other Place of dealing of such Debtor or Debtors, or Person or Persons as aforesaid, within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, to appear before the Commissioners of the said Court at such Time and Place as in such Summons shall be exprossed, in such and the same Manner, and under and subject to such and the fame Powers, Procel's, and Method of Proceedings, Orders, Judgements, Decrees* and Executions, as are mentioned, expressed, enacted, and declared an and by the said recited Act; and the said Commissioners shall and may. in or by such their Orders, Decrees, and Judgements, order and direct the Payment of any such Debt or Debts to be made either in One Sum at Once or by Instalments at Itated Periods, as they shall see Cause and deem just and reasonable; and every such Order, Decree, Judgment, and Proceeding fa to be made shall be registered in a Book or Books as the fame have been accustomed to be registered, and such Registry shall be made by the said Clerk or Deputy Clerk or one of them, and the Party Plaintiff or Parties Plaintiffs, and the Debtor or Defendant, or Debtors or, Defendants, whom any such Order, Decree, Judgment, or Proceeding shall respectively concern, shall observe, perform, and keep the fame respectively in all Points:

Provided always, that no such Order, Decree, Judgement, or Proceeding shall be removed or removeable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Proceis whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere. . i t,

VI. And, for better regulating the Sittings of the said Court; be it fur- To rfgu{lfe ther enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not hold the said Court, or the sittings of hear or determine any Cafe or Cafes, Cause or causes by virtue of the said ills Couru recited Act or of this Act, but between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock

in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon, and that nothing in the said recited Act or in this Act, or in either of them contained, lltall extend or be construed to extend so as to require or compel the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Witness or Witnesses in the said Court in pursuance of any Order or Summons issued out of the said Court, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever acting as an Officer or Officers of the said Court, save and except between the said Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Four of the Clock in the Afternoon.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to No Evidence be given by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs on the Triai of any such Cause or p°abJA‘un by Action as aforesaid, or of any Cause of Action, except such as is stated in [VaWr not the said Summons hereby directed to be given, nor shall any Evidence be ll lt d >» hit admitted on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants on the Trial of such by^e'fcndaM Cause or Action, of any Demand he, she, or they may have on the Plaintiff of any cross or Plaintiffs in the Nature of a Set-off,to leffenor discharge himself,herself, m'"h"veon or themselves from such Demand or Cause of Action, imlels Notice thereof 'he rhaniff, in Writing has been given to the said Plaintiff or Plaintiffs by personal

Service, or by leaving it at his, her, or their Dwelling-house, Warehouse,

Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Place of Abode, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or

13 other

964

And if Plaintiff docs not appear to prove his Demand, Defendant shall have Colts,

Punishing Witnesses n at attending if 1'ummoned.

48 GEORGII III. Cap. a 1.

other Place of dealing, trading, or working, previous to the Day wheft such Matter or Cause shall be heard or tried.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if Upon any Day of the Return of any Summons issued on the Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said Court, or of the Cause for or on account of which the said Summons shall have been issued, the Plain'iff or Plaintiffs shall not appear, either in Person, or by his, her, or their Agent, or some other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, or appearing, shall not make Proof of his, her, or their Demands to the Satisfaction of the said Court, but shall become non-suited, or Judgment shall be pronounced against him, her, or them, by the said Court, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners present in Court, to award to the Defendant or Defendants such reasonable Costs, and such reasonable Satisfaction for his, her, or their Trouble and Attend* ance, as they the said Commissioners in their Discretioa shall think fit, and to order and compel the Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs to pay the fame, by such Ways and Means as any Debt or Debts ordered or decreed by the said Court can or may be recovered.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons residing or being within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, after having been duly served with a Subpoena or Summons, to be issued by the Clerk or Deputy Clerk of the said Court of Requests, or either of them, and paid or tendered his or her reasonable Expences, to attend and give his, her, or their Evidence at a Time and Place in such Subpoena or Summons mentioned, on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, shall neglect or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Summons, due Proof b'-ing made of the Service of such Subpoena or Summons, and no sufficient Cause for his, her, or their Absence or Non-appearance being shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court, on Oath, or in case of being a Quaker or Quakers, folemii Affirmation being made (which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them are hereby authorized and required to administer) before the said Commissioners, by the Party or Parties at whose Instance and on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Summons issued, that the Person or Persons served therewith was or Were a Witr.efs by such Party or Parties judged necessary for the Proof of his, her, or their Cause or causes, Action or Actions, Complaint or Complaints, Defence or Defences, or if the Person or Persons so served with such Subpoena or Summons shall appear and refuse to be sworn, or being a Quaker or Quakers to make Affirmation, (which Oath or A ffirmation the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them are hereby authorized and required to administer), or to give Evidence touching the Matter in Question, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to impose any Fine, not exceeding Five Pounds on such Person or Persons; and in case such Fine shall not be paid forthwith, such Fine Avail and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, rendering the Overplus, if any, after deducing such Fine, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Fine, when so paid, levied, or recovered, shall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whose Inflanceor on whose Behalf such

Subpoena

48° GEORGII III. Cap. si. 96$

Subpoena or Summons shall have been ifftted; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the said Commissioners to commit such Offender to the Common Gaol in and for the said City of Rochester, for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful to or for the frccefs to said Commissioners to issue any Process against the Body or Bodies of any "iff Body Person or Persons in any Case or Cafes where the Party entitled to the and Goods. Benefit of any Order, judgment, or Decree shall at the same Time have obtained any Warrant or Process against the Goods and Chattels of the fame

Person or Persons.

XI. And, for the more effectual Protection of the said Commissioners For punishir.® whilst fitting in the said Court from Insult, be it further enacted, That if ^gouu °* any Person or Persons shall contemptuously and wilfully insult or abuse all

or any of the said Commissioners, or any of the Officers of the said Court for the Time being, during his or their Sitting or Attendance in the said Court, or shall interrupt c.r obfhuct the Proceedings of the said Court, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court, or any other Person or Persons, by the Order of the said Commissioners, to take such Offender or Offenders into C.uf-tedv, and the said Commissioners shall then examine into such Insults,

Abuse, or Misbehaviour, either front then- own View or Knowledge of what pr.fffd, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and upon such Insult, Abuse, or Misbehaviour, being duly proved as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners and they are hereby authorized and empowered to impose a Fine not exceeding Five Pounds for each and every such Offence, on each ami every such Offender or Offenders; and in case such Fine shall not be forth- with paid, such Fine shall and may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the said Commissioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deducing such Fine, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the said Fine, when so paid, levied, or recovered, hall be paid to and distributed by the said Commissioners, in such Shares and Proportions and in such Manner, amongst the Poor of the several Pariffiesand Places within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, as they the said Commissioners shall think fit and proper; and in case sufficient Distress shall net be found, it shall and may be lawful for any Three or more of the said Commissioners to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of 'he said City of Rochester, for any Time not exceeding the Space of One Calendar Month.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in every case where any Wages Minori may cot exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds shall be due to any menial or other fuc fjr Wafces* Servant, Clerk, Book keeper. Journeyman, Shopman, Shcpwoman, Aflif-

tant. Labourer, or any other Person whosoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it Hull be lawful for such Servant, Clerk, Beck-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Allistant, Labourer, or other Person to sue for and recover such Debt in the said Court of Requests, in the fameMan-[_Loc. if Per.] 11 M; ner

966

The Court (ha I nut have Jurisdictio.iin certain Cafe».

P'aintifTi shall rut have Lofts in Actions fueahlcin this Court and brought elsewhere.

Statute of Limitations may be pleaded in this Court.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.su

ner as if he or she were of full Age; and the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, or any Five or more of them, according to the Amount of such Debt, are hereby fully authorized and required in such Cases to take cognizance of and proceed concerning such Debts, in the same Manner, and shall have such and the fame Powers in regard thereto as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs were of full Age.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said Commissioners to determine the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Real Estates whatsoever; or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt where the Title of the Freehold or Lease for Years or Lives of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of any Chattels Real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into Question; nor any Debt which shall not be for the Payment of a Sum certain, nor any Debt for any Sum being the Balance of an Account on Demand originally exceeding Five Pounds; or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that shall arise by reason of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate elsewhere than in the said City or Parishes, or one of them; or by reason of any Cause concerning Testament or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, or for or concerning any Agreement by way of Composition for or by way of Retainer of Tythes, or for any Matter fueable therein, any Thing in the said recited Act or this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster for any Debt not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, and recoverable by virtue of the said recited Act and of this Act, or either of them, in the said Court of Requests, then and in every such Case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Suit shall not, by reason of a Verdict for him, her, or them, or otherwise, have or be entitled to any Costs whatsoever; and if the Verdict shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit, and the Judge or Judges before whom the same shall be tried or heard shall think fit to certify that such Debt ought to have been recovered in the said Court of Requests, then and in every such Case such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Gods, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Costs in any Cafes by Law; Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent or restrain any Person or Persons from making Distress for any Rent or Arrears thereof, although the fame Rent shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds.

XV. And, for removing all Doubts whether the Statute of Limitations may be pleaded in the said Court of Requests; be it further enacted, That all Defendants in the said Court shall be allowed to plead or claim the Benefit of any Statute of Limitations now in being, or hereafter to be made; and every Defendant so pleading or claiming, shall have and receive such or the like Advantage or Relief thereby, as such Defendant would have been entitled to in case this Act had not been made, and he or she had been Jued for the fame Debt or other Cause of Action in any of His Majesty’s

Courts

9M

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

Courts at Westminster, or any other Court, and had there pleaded such Statute in bar to the Action or Suit.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whensoever, who shall be committed to the Gaol of the said City, by Order of the said Court of Requests, shall be kept or continued in Custody, on any Pretence whatsoever (save and except as may be herein excepted) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time, front the 'lime of his, her, or their Commitment to Prison, than is or are next herein-after limited in that Behalf; (that is to say) Where the Debt (exclusive of Colls) does not exceed Twenty Shillings, then he, she, or they shall not be kept or continued in Custody for more than Twenty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Colls) exceeds Twenty Shillings, and does not exceed Forty Shillings, then not more than Forty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Colls) exceeds Forty Shillings, and does not exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Colls) exceeds Three Pounds, and does not exceed Four Pounds, then not more than Eighty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Colls) exceeds Four1 Pounds, then not more than One hundred Days, from the Time of such, his, her, or their Commitment; and the Gaoler or Keeper of the said Gaol for the Time being is hereby directed and required to discharge such Persons accordingly.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, all and every Person and Persons who shall be taken in Execution under or by virtue of any Process ilfuing from or out of the said Court of Requests, and who at the Time of being taken into Custody or during his, her, or their Imprisonment, shall have more than one Execution against him, her, or them in the said Court, he, flic, or they shall be imprisoned the limited Time for and in respect of each and every Execution, (that is to say) after the Time so limited on the First Execution is expired, the Imprisonment on the Second Execution shall commenceand after the Time so limited on the Second Execution is expired, the Imprisonment on the Third Execution shall commence; and so on until he, she, or they shall have been imprisoned the Time by this Act limited, for and in respect of each and every separate Execution to be issued against him, her, or them, in the said Court, previous to his, her, or their being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment; any Law, Usage, or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And, in order the more effectually to prevent Persons summoned for Debts to the said Court from the fraudulent Concealment of their Money or Goods; be it further enacted, That in case upon the Summons of any Person for any Debt or Debts before the said Court, Information of any such Practice shall be given to the said Court, then and in such Case such Court shall have Power to hear Evidence as to such fraudulent Concealment; and in case it shall be proved to their Satisfaction, upon the Oath of One or more Witness or Witnesses, or being a Quaker or Quakers on Affirmation, (which Oath and Affirmation the said Court is hereby empowered to administer) that any such Debtor has Money or Goods which he or she has fraudulently and wilfully concealed, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to enlarge the aforesaid

Limiting the Time of Irh-prilbmntf.t.

Regulations asio such Imprisonment where more than one Execution illuch.

If any Debtor

conceals Money or Goods, the Time of his Imprison-raent lna;l be enlarged.

9^8 4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

Time of Imprisonment to any Period, in Addition thereto, not exceeding

One Calendar Month.

P*t°r» r-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person imprisoned by virtue of this Act shall, on the Expiration of his or her Timeof Imprisonment, be discharged and set at liberty without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratuity whatsoever, to the . Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys, of the said Gaol or Prison, or , others, by way of Gaol Fees or Discharge Fees, or on any other Pretence whatsoever; and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys, of the said Gaol or Prison, or any other Person whomsoever, shall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, upon the Discharge of any such Person or Persons so committed to his or their Charge or Custody as aforesaid, or shall keep or detain any such Person or Persons a Prisoner or Prisoners after the Time by this Act limited for his, her, or their Imprisonment, every such Keeper, Turnkey, and other Person, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds;

Two justices and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices of the Peace

mi'rr such* ^or said City to hear and determine every such Offence, and such

Offence. Two Justices are hereby authorized and required, upon any Information exhibited or Complaint made before them of such Offence having been committed, in case such Information shall be exhibited or Complaint made within Two Calendar Months after the Offence committed, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on each Side, and to examine into the Matter of Fad, and upon due Proof made thereof by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the voluntary Confession of the Party accused, to give Judgement or Sentence for such Penalty or Forfeiture aforesaid; and in case such Penalty or Forfeiture shall not be forthwith paid, to issue a Warrant, under their Hands and Seals, for levying such Penalty and Forfeiture by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if any) after deduding such Penalty and Forfeiture, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners thereof; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol for the said City, for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months unless such Penalty and Forfeiture, and all Costs and Charges attending such Conviction be sooner paid and discharged; and one Moiety of such Penalty and Forfeiture, when paid or received, shall be paid to the Person or Persons informing or suing for the fame, and the ether Moiety thereof to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and the same shall be by the said Commissioners distributed amongst the Poor of the several Parishes and Places within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, in such Shares and Proportions as to the said Commissioners shall seem right and proper.

*« ulations at it further enacted, That the several Fees and Sums of

to office!*3 Money herein-after limited and expressed, and no other, shall be taken fees. by the Clerk and Serjeant of the said Court for their respective Services

in the Execution of the said recited Act and of this Act, in lieu and instead of the Fees and Sums of Money limited and expressed in the said recited Act made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; that is to say,

Clerk’s

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

CLERK’S FEES.

For every Summons -

For every; Summons for the Attendance of not J more than Two Witnesses - J

For calling the Plaintiff or Defendant before the 1 Court - - J

For entering an Appearance For a Nonsuit on the Plaintiff’s not appearing For paying Money into Court For every Hearing -

For a Copy of every' Order upon a Hearing, and I of every Judgment of Nonsuit - J

For an Execution -

For acknowledging Satisfaction in Part For acknowledging Satisfaction in full For every Search For swearing every Witness F6r giving Notice to the Plaintiff if required of J the Service of his Execution - (

SERJEANT’S FEES.

For the Service of every Summons on Defendant - For the Service of every Summons on a Witness - For calling the Plaintiff or Defendant before the 1 Court

For the Service of every Order upon a Hearing, \ and of every Judgment of Nonsuit - J

For levying an Execution on Debts not exceed- j ing Fifteen Shillings. - J

Above Fifteen Shillings and not exceeding Twenty J Shillings - J

Above Twenty Shillings and not exceeding Forty J Shillings - - J

Above Forty Shillings and not exceeding Sixty 1 Shillings J

Above Sixty Shillings and not exceeding Eighty J Shillings - - J

Above Eighty Shillings -

On Debts

nut

exceeding

Forty

Saillings.

On Debts above Foity Shillings.

2 O 2 O

[Lee. id Per.~)

i N

9?o

l’lov'.Gont of the former Act to apply to this Act.

[Public Act.]

pmmrnce-ment of the Act.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 51.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Powers, Provisoes, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, shall so far as the same are not varied, altered, or repealed, or otherwise provided for by this present Act, be as good, valid and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the fame had been repeated, and re-enacted in this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Effect from and after the said Twenty-fourth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. si.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Maidstone, to Key Street, in the County of Kent.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and 9 G. 3. widening the Road from Maidstone, through De'otling, to Key Street, in the Partjhes of Borden and Bobbing, in the County of Kent:

And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an S8G3. c.ij4i Adipajfed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Maidstone, through Debtling, to Key Street, in the Parishes of Borden and Bobbing, in the County of Kent: And whetras the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts, have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, for which Purpose they h.ive borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted and continued, which Money still remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off; nor can the said Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted and continued by the said Acts is further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged} [Loc.lfPer. J 11 N May

970

Said Acts further continued.

Collector of Tolls, &c. not uifquali-f.ed from being Wit-neflfes.

T! remptioni from Toll.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

May it therefore pleaseYour Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority1 of the fame, Thac the said recited Acts, parted respectively in the Ninth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty King George the Third, and all, and every the Powers, Authorities, Providon^ Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein respectively contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) shall be and they are hereby further continued for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect immediately upon the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and they are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls granted or authorized to be taken by the said recited Acts, and also of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall Or may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due fjr the lame lefpediively.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the Tolls by the said First recited Act authorized to be collected, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Lirigation, by reason of his, her, or their being so appointed to collect the said Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing Of this Act no Toll shall be demanded or received for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, passing through any Gate or Turnpike ertfted or to be erected on the said Road, drawing any Carriage going for or returning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Parishes or Places in which the said Road or any Part thereof doth lie, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, or Comport of any Kind (Chalk and Lime excepted) for the manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground therein; nor shall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle going for the Purpose of or returning from ploughing, lowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Ground therein, c>r going for or returning unladen or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood not sold or disposed of, but to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Yards, or on the Ptemifes of the Owner or Owners thereof, or for any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry; or for any Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, drawing or carrying the ift.me in order for the repairing thereof, cr uf:ng the lame in Hufbar.dry; or for any Horse or other Bead cr Cattle going to or returning from Water or Failure, or going to be or returning from being Ihoed or farried; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatsover Description, employed or to

4-8° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 5,2. 971

to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses, under the Authority of His Majtlly’s Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the lame, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for the Horles of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages, Horses, or other Bealls employed in Cirrving the Arms or Baggage of such Soldiers or for any Horl'e, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning lrom the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided ftielv Pfcrfons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemptions , or for any Carriage, Horse, or other Beall employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Pafles; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parllli through which soy Part of the said Road doth lie, who shall pass through any of the said Turnpikes to or from his, her, or their respective Parish Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Lavy, on Sundays or on Christmas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority co be celebia ed, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person dying and to be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Minilteiial Duty, on a Sunday, or on Christtnas Day, Goad Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken lor or in resptd of any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, carrying any PalTenger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, or Chair, going to or returning from any Election, of a Knight or Knights of the Sh.re to serve in Parliament for the said County of Kent, on the Day or Days of such Election, cr on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, or shall make use of any Fraud whatsoever, whereby the Payment of the 7'olls granted and continued by the said recited AGs and this AG, or any Part thereof, shall be evaded, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and of this AG.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or Statute La-shall be liable to do Statute Woik, or are or shall be chargeable towards buur‘ repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall Hill temain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore, and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Portion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the fame doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, fli3ll be by him, htr, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treal'urers;

and

972

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices at fume Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days alter the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Woik, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repairs of the Publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the ('aid Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days and at such Times (not being Haytime or Harvell) and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof, as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direift, and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said first recited Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horles, Beast or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect for the Repair of the Publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false and imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 52.

V. And be it further erased, That if any Money shall be paid or agreed or awarded to be paid for the Pjurchafe of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purciiafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Bojy Politick, Corporate, or Collcgia'c, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee, or ether Trulfee, for and on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Crjiuique Ttuft, or to any Person whose Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are limited in strict or other Scttlcment, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Piivity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed, to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that furh Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Lmd Tax, or Difchsrge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heeditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Interns, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing unde ermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said M ney shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be invefled by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum ConLlidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purpose aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by prder of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Tenements and Hereditaments to be purchased, by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons, under any Disability or Incapacity aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the

[Z.W, £9* Prr.J 11 0 Lands,

973

Application of Coin Dentation

when amount*

ing to acoi.

Application of Compensatiam xvhen uniter aoo!.

9 74

48° GEORGII III. Cap.

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trusteer, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five of the Traffics for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chanccrv,

Application of Compensation Money where the lame is under sol.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be Jess than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the lame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

m case of not

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons Title*8 °Ut to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or final] not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, to order the said Sum or Sums rf Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credic of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m~\ subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancety, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meer, to order the same to be laid otic and invdted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respectiveEstateor Estates, Title or Inteieft of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto; and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable j and the Cashier

975

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. $2.

Or Cathiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and I'pecifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Where an? Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person, to any Money to

be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Title to "

the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this

or the said Acts for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- fom who shall

ments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or £'1jn0f°t^'f'

Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts and Land-, &c. at

this Act, or to any Bank Annuities, to be purchased with any such Money, °e

or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or shall chi*e

Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or d«med

Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming

under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or according to

Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such J.1^1

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until &c.’

the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of

Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities,

shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made

appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and

that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest

therein.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason Court of of any Disabilicy < r Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation may"order entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased reasonable under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase p^chakt0^ Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chan- be paid by eery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or the Tiuitees. Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, or lo much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable to be paid by the said Trustees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Ex- For paying pences incident to and attending the obtaining anti passing of tnts Act, shall sPAcfei be paid and discharged out of any Money already collected or received

by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the first Monies to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

976

Fnblick Act.

Continuance of Act.]

48° GEORGII III. Cap. $2.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as fuel) by all'Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence from the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Residue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the said recited Acts , and from and immediately after the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next StHion of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

♦a *

Cap. 53.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston-upon-Hull.

[27th May 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act W3s passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Ig G 2 c Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, *' c'*’ An Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town c/’Kingston-upon-Hull to and through the Town e/Anlaby, and from thence to the Town Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston-upon-Hull: And whereas an Act was paired in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Ttrm and Powers granted 7 G.j, c. 70. by an Act passed in the Eighteenth Year of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town e/’Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingilon-upon-Hull: AndwhereasanAftwas passed in the Twenty- G 3 c S5 eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts paged in the Eighteenth T’.ar of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town r/Kiik Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston-upon-Hull: And whereas the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts have borrowed on the Credit thereof a very considerableSum of Money, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly applied in the Repair of the said Road: And whereas the Money borrowed as aforesaid is (till remaining due and unpaid, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term? of the said Acts be furrhtr continued, and the Powers thereof further enlarged; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s tnoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the [Loc. Per.] 11P Advice

978

Act further continued.

Trustees under former Acts to act under thi*.

Trustees may

sue and be sued in the Name of their Treaftirers or Clerk.

General

IxemptTont.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. $1.

Adv.ce and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefenc Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lid recited Acts of the Eighteenth year of His laid late Majesty and the Seventh and Twenty-eighth Years of His present Majesty, and the Tolls and Duties thereby respectively granted, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Articles, Rules, Penalties, Orders, and Diredions, therein contained (excepc such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) shall be and are hereby continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, in as full and ample Manner as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; and that the additional Term hereby granted shall be and is hereby declared subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies due, or that shall hereafter become due on the Credit of the said former Acts and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees appointed or to be appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for putting the said Acts and this Act in Execution.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Actions, Suits, Prosecutions, Informations, Appeals, and other Proceedings whatsoever to be had, taken, prosecuted, or defended by or against the said Trustees, shall be had, taken, prosecuted, or defended in the Name of their Treasurers or Clerk; and dm no Action, Suit, Proceeding, Information, Appeal or ether Proceeeding to be had, taken, prosecuted, or defended by oragainlt the said Trustees or any of them, by virtue of this or the said recited Acts or any of them, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Treasurers or Clerk , but that the Treasurers or Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees fr.all always be deemed the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Prosecutor or Prosecutors, Informant or Informants, Appellant or Appellants, Defendant or Defendants, Respondent or Respondents in any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal, or other Proceeding, as the Case shall be: Provided always, that ail and every such Treasurers, or Clerk in whefe Names or Name any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal, or other Proceeding shall be had, taken, proltcuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies arising by virtueofthis or the said recited Acts, all such Custs, Charges, Damages, and Expences as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal, or other Proceedings, he or they shall pay, bear, sustain, expend or be put unto, or become chargeable with or liable for or be faiily entitled to by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Informant or Informants, Appellant or Appellants, Respondent or Respondents as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all the Exemptions granted and continued by the said recited Acts shall cea(e and determine, and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, VVajns, Carts, Carriages, or Horles, employed in carrjing or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carry ng or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks,'Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Road doth lie;

or

979

48° GEORGII III. Cap. si.

or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not fold or dispofird of, but patTing to be laid up or placed in the Garths, Outhouses, or on t^e Lands of the Owners thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Hoi fes, employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or ionvey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Rape, Duff, Soor, Comport, or Manure employed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the ManagementorOccupation of any Farm or Lands and hereby exempted from Toll; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning tromPafture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed or farried; or from any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship, tolerated by Law on* Sunday, oronany other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the Parishes in which the said Road lies, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty, on a Sunday, cr on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages cf whatsoever Dtscription, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails or Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Port Master General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their Match, or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them laden with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Hoise, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry, or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Acquirements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exempiion as aforesaid} or for any Hotfcs, Carts, or Waggons t mployed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal PafTes; or for any Horle, Cattle, or Beast drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chair, cr Passenger on Horseback going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shite to serve in Parliament for the said County of York, or of a Burgess or Rurgdfes to serve in Parliament for the Town of Kingston-upcn-Hull, on the Day or Days of such Election,or on the Day before or Day afier such Eltftion fhailbeginor be con. eluded; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or eollufrve Manner whatfteverclaim and take the Benefit of anyofi the Exmptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum n< t exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said A£t$ and this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, Thar all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall he chargeable towards repairing or amending the Road comprized in the said Atts or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore , and it shall be lawful for any Two or mote justices of the Peace for the said Town and County, and they are hereby required and empow-cred, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or

Statute

Labour.

inoie

980

48° GEORGII III. Cap.$3.

more of them, or by theif Treasurers, Clerk, Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place in lieu of or as a Compofuion for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons, (within Ten Days after the ferring of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofuion for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for che Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofuion for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trusteesor their Treasurer or Treasurers, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or reful'e to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, aiterNotice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their bit or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Iloifcs, Beast or Beasts to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject and liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall befent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and difinifs the Person who shall be found ide or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had negltcted or refused to conic, or such Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Part of the said

Road;

48° GEORGII III. Cap.$$. 981

Roid; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Trestorer or Treasurers to the la d Trilltee^ and applied towar(Lamendingthef.iid Ro id; andincafcthe f id Surveyor or Surveyor*' of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Place', shal I rtfule or wilf ully neglect to give in Lch Lfts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false and irnperledt Lifts, every such Surveyor lo offending fhnllfor every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paidoragreed Application or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Land', Tenements, or °ion when"e*-Hereditanients, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the ce«! icol. said Acts and this Act, for the Lurposes thereof, which shall belong to any B dy Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust,

Executor, Administrator. Husbancl, Guardian, Committee, or other Trustee for and on Behalf of any Infanr, Lunaiick, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Ccltuique Tiuft, or to any Persons whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Person under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in cate the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte the i'rustees for executing the said Acts and tltis Ad, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, tj be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to ihe Rents and Profits of the said Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase 01 Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Pari thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, alfeding the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments handing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Cour, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or uled as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Llte£t j and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or 1 hree Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in toe mean Time, and until the Lid Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would toi the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and P'ofits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

[Loe. & Per.]

i, Q-R

9^2 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

Po>mpc"fa ^rov'(-'ec^ a'ways, and be it further enacted, That if any Money,

tionif'cfs Co agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Here-vUe’^e'h c^t2ments purchasd, t.iken, or uled for the Purposes afire laid, and jol. tCt,mS belonging io any Corporation, or to any Person or Periods under any Inability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be Ids than the Sum of Two bundled Pounds, and shall ex.eed or be equal ro the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons, for the Time being, entitled t > the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament* Io purchased, taken,or used.or of his, her, or rheir Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in caie of Infancy, I liotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in i he Name and with the Privity of the Lid Accountant General of tile Hioh Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner heiein-Dcfoie directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two TruRees, to be nominated by the Person or Petfor.s making such Option, and approved of by Five or the TruRees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating arid approving Parties), in O der that such Principal M ney, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner htrein-before dirt&ed, so f.,r as the Case maybe applicable, without obtaining, or being r.quiied to obtain, the Diiedtion and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Aoplicjii'Vin

VIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where such Money, lo Son °Tnf$nCl agretcl or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, (had be less than than 101. Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Ca'es, the lame shall be applied to

the Use of (he Person or Persons w ho would lor the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the L.u ds. Tenement , or lie ednam rrs so purchased, taken, or uLd for the Purposes or the said leciicd Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said TrilLes shall think fit; or in caie of Infancy, Idiorcv, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In csfe of not

IX. And be it further enacted, That in c fe the Person or Persons Tine"^ °Ut to apy Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lancs, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purch.fed by virtue of the la d recited Acts and tins Ad, shall retufe to accepc the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Piemiles; to the Satisfaction of the fad TruRees, or any Five or more c-f them; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sunt or Sums ot Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discoverrd, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said 1 ruflees, or any Five or more of them, to ordtr the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Piivity of the Accountant General of the Court ot Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interclted in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ’[dejmbing than] subjrd to the Order, Controul, and Dispofuion of the said Court or Chancery; which laid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Pet Ions making Claim to such Sum or Sums ot Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition,

9^3

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

tition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a fumtnary Way of Proceeding, or ocherwtfe, as to the lame Court shall leem meet, to order the same to be iaid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribucion thereof, or Payment of the Dividends i let of, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make fuel) other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem jult and rensonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipis for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and Ipecirying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

X. Provided always, and be it funher enacted, That where any Where any Question shall anse touching the Title of any Person to any Money

to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the ritic, the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in purfu- J’e[fonIn

c , ft r 11, , r I , ... 1 , session shall b*

ance of this Act, for the Purdvie or any Laods, 1 encments, or Heredi- deemed en-

taments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or kfe*Mo

Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recked Acts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money,

or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in the Possession of such Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming

under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and uken to have been lawfully entitled to such

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession,

until the contrary shall be ffiewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of

Chancery; ?nd the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities,

shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made

appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession,

and that some ocher Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to

such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate and Interest

therein.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason ThcCo,rt f of any Disabilicy or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation Chaacerymay entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments ;o be purchased under °rderr«f na-the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money on-uvehafe*8 for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chance y, tube paid, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like L'fes in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases IromTime to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts, and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonablr, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall ride upon any Footpath formed on the Side of or adjoining to the said Hoad or mming root shall drive any Hurt, Beast, or Swine, or any Carriage upon, or cause wa7*j*c.

any

984.

For paying the Expences of this Act.

[Publick Act.]

Commencement anj Continuance of Act.

, 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 53.

any Damage to be done to any such Footpath; or if any Person shall cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Rosd any Timber, S one, or other Thing, otherwise chan upon wheeled Carriages! or shall suffer any Timber, Stone, or other Thing, which (hah be carried upon wheeled Carriages, to drag upon the said Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Figs or Swine upon the said Road, shall suffer the same to root up and damage the fame, or the Fences on cither Side thereof-, or it any Person driving any Carriage upon the said Road, and meeting another Carriage, shall not keep his or her Carriage on his or her left or near Side of the said Road; < r if any Person shall in any manner wiltuliy present ,ny other Person or Prisons from passing him or her, or any Carnage under his or her Care upon the said Road; or if any Person shall make or uffift in making any Fire or Foes, commonly called Bonfires, or shall ler fire ro, let off, or threw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever on any Fart of the said Road, or on the Banks or Lands adjacent or lying open thereto; or if any Person shall wi'houe sufficient Cause leave any Carriage upon or on the Side of the said Road longer than may be necdTary to load or unload the lame, either with or without any Hoise or Bead of Draught harnefled or yoked thereto; or shall I iy any Timber, Stones, H y. Straw', Dung, Manure, Soil, Kub-bish, or 01 her Matter or Thing whats ever, upon the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Annoyance of Persons travelling thtreon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied, recovered, paid, and applied in the Manner directed by the said recited Acts or some or one of them.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing cf this Adr, shall be defrayed out of the Monies already received, or the Fi.ft Monies which shall arise or be received determined by virtue of the said Acts or of this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever; and that afeer Payment thereof the Tolls authorized to be colic died by the said recited Acts and this Act shall during the Continuance of the Term hereby granted be and remain subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, and which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the said Tolls, and of all Interest due and to grow due reflectively.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, justices, and ethers, without being specially pleaded.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the p fling thereof, and shall continue and be in force and be executed for andduring the Kcfidue now tocome anduntxpired of the Term granted and continued by the said Acts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most ExcelUnt Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 54.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act, for repairing the Road from Kinross in the County of Kinross, to Alloa in the County of Clackmannan. [_27th May^ 1 8°8.

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of g. 3. the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled "An Act for q. 171.

" making and repairing the Road from Kinross in the County " of Kinross, to Alloa in the County of ClackmannanAnd whereas, the Trustees appointed by the said Act have made great Progress in making and repairing the said Road, and for that Purpose have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on their own personal Security, and on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted; but the said Road cannot be effec-ti'ally amended and kept in Repair, nor the Money so borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, the Tolls increased, and further and other Powers granted: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s mofl Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 1 emporal, and Commons, in this prefenc Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all the Former Act Claufts, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Exemptions, Penalties, For- continued tenures, Matters and Things, therein contained, (except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed,) shall be, and remain in full Force and Effect; and together with this present Act, shall be put in Execution for the several Purposes thereby and hereby intended, for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the ian e were expressly repeated and rc-enacted in the Body of this prefenc Act; which said Term hereby granted shall be, and is hereby declared to be, subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and ’ owing on the Credit of the said recited Act, or which shall or may [Lee. (A Per.] 11 S hereafter

99° 4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

hereafter be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the said recited Act, and of this Act, and all interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

Powers may JJ. And be it further enacted, That the Powers and Authorities given

by Three'0 to t^ie said Trustees by the said recited Act and this Act, shall and Trustees. may be exercised by any Three or more of them} any Thing in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

I'Drmer Tolls

III. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls granted and made new^Toli^ payable in and by the said recited Act, shall from and after the Corn-granted. S mencement of this Act ccafe and be discontinued; and in lieu and instead thereof, the several Tolls herein-after mentioned shall, during the Continuance of this Act, be collected and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time appoint to receive the same at the several and respective Toll Gates and Turnpikes already set up and erected, or which may hereafter be set up and crested, upon the said Roads, or across any Lanes or Ways leading into the lame, before any Cattle or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the fame, (that is to say :)

For every Coach, Berlin, Chaiiot, Landau, Chaise, Calash, Hearse, or any other four whetted Carriage, drawn determined by Six or more Horses, Mares, Geldings or Mules, the Sum of Six Shillings and Sixpence Sterling: and drawn by Four Horses, Marcs, Geldings, or Mules the Sum of Four Shillings Sterling: and drawn by

Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules the Surn of Three Shillings Sterling: and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling: and drawn by one Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule the Sum of One Shilling ard Three Pence Sterling.

For every Chaise, Cunicle, Chair, or other such like Carriage, drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling: and drawn by one Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling.

For every Taxed Cart drawn by one Horse, the Sum of Ninepence Sterling.

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage drawn by Six or more Horses, or other Beafis ot Di aught the Sum of Six Shillings Sterling: and drawn by Five Horles or other Beasts of Draught the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling: and drawn by Four Horles or other Beafis of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings Sterling: and drawn by T hree Horses or other Beasts of Draught the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling.

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, drawn byoneHorle or other Beast of Draught, where any such Carriage, and the Loading thereof, taken together, shall not exceed tnteen Hundred Weight, the Sum of Four-pence Sterling: and drawn by Two Horles or other Beasts ot Draughc the Sum of Sixpence Sterling: and where such Carnage and Loading shall exceed fifteen Hundred Weight, and shall not exceed Twenty Hundred Weighc, the Sum of four-pence Halfpenny Sterling: and drawn by Two Horles or other Beasts of Draught the Sum of Sixpence Halfpenny Sterling;

and

99i

4B0 GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

and where such Carriage and Loading shall exceed Twenty Hundred Weight, and shall not exceed Twenty-five Hundred Weight, the Sum of Five-pence Sterling: and drawn by Two Horses or

other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Seven-pence Sterling: and where such Carriage and Loading shall exceed Twenty-five Hundred Weight, and shall noc exceed Thirty Hundred Weight, the Sum of Five-pence Halfpenny Sterling: and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sevenpence Halfpenny Sterling: and where such Carriage and Loading shall amount to Thirty-one Hundred Weight, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling: and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight-pence Sterling: and for every one Hundred Weight, which such Carriage and Loading shall weigh above Thirty-one Hundred Weight, the Sum of One Benny Sterling.

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence Sterling.

For every Drove of Oxen or neat Cattle the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling, per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

And for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of Ten pence Sterling per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages, employed in Husbandry only, or in carrying Manure for Land, Hay, Straw, Fodder, or Corn in the Straw, shall be liable to pay the said additional Toll or Tolls, for Overweight; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided also, That no Cart or other Carriage, carrying Dung or other Manure for Land or Gardens, which shall have paid Toll for passing through any Gate or Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Act, shall be subject agiin to pay Toll at such Gate or Turnpike the same Day, before Twelve of the Clock at Night, however often such Carriage may pass through the said Gate the same Days provided such Cart or Carriage, so pa.Trng or returning, shall not be otherways laden than with Dung or Manure.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or such like Carriage as aforesaid, having the Fellies of the Wheels therrof of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, and being cylindrical, that is to say, of the fame Diameter on the Inside next to the Carriage, and on the Outside, and in every intermediate Part, between the Inside and Outside, so that when rolling on a flat Surface the whole Breadth of such Fellies shall bear equally on such fiat Surface that the opposite Ends of the Axle-trees of such Carriages, as far as the same shall be inserted into the Naves of the Wheels, shall not form an Angle with each other, but shall be in the Continuance of one straight Line, so that in each Pair of Wheels belonging to such Carriages the lower Parts, which shall rest on the Ground, shall be at the fame Distance from each other, as the upper Part of the said Pair of Wheels, shall be chargeable with only Two Third Parts of the Toll hereinbefore granted upon Waggons, Wains, or other such like Cariiages: Provided also, that every Person claiming the Privilege hereby granted

to

Carriages loaded with Manure, &c. not to pay for Oeer-weight.

Carriages rolling a flat Surfaceio pay Tolls.

992

No Composition lor C'artiage. unless l'cl-liei of a certain Breadth.

for erefling

Weighing

Machines.

For erefling Turnpikes on the Roads.

Regulation ns to Persons travelling between Kin-ross and the western Extreiniiy of the Road.

Trustees may make Fences on unenclcled Orounls to prevent Eva-lion of To!!.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

to broad Wheeled Carriages shall permit the same to be examined and measured by any Person concerned in the Collection of the said

Tolls.

v I. Provided nevertheless and be it further enacted, That no Compo-fuion shall be made for l olls for or in relped of any Waggon, Carr, or such like Carriage, or of any Horses or other Beads drawing the fame, where such Carriage or Carriages shall, with its Loading, exceed Thirty-one Hundred Weight, unlelsiuch Carriage or Carriages have the Fchies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge herein- before specified, and un-leis the Nails in such Fellies are.councerlunk so as not to rile cut of the Surface.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees, at a general Meeting assembled, to ered or cause to be erected on such Paris of the said Road as they shall think proper, or on the Sides of the fame. Weighing Machines, at which all Persons travelling with Carts, or Carriages of the above Description, shall be obliged, w hen required by the Toll-gatherer, or by any Trustee, to weigh every fuih Carriage when passing or intending to pass any Turnpike Gate eredtd acrois or on the Sides of the said Road, upon pain of forfeiting any Sum not txceeiling Forty Shillings Sterling.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall have Power and Authority to erect, or cause to be creded, so many Turnpike or Turnpikes, Toll Gate or Toll Gates, in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Road, or of any Lane or Wray leading into the fame, and shall and may erect or provide a Toll-house, with a luicable Garden, at or near each Turnpike or Toll-Gate; and may cause all or any of such Turnpikes, Toll-Gates, Toll-houses, and Gardens, from Time to Time, to betaken down, removed, and fee up again, or altered, as they or any Three or more of them, shall think proper; and to demand and take thereat the several Tolls and Duties by this Aci authorized to be levied and taken.

IX. Provided always, That Persons travelling on the said Road, betwixt the Town of Kinross and the western Extremity of the said Road, shall not be chargeable with, or liable to pay, at more than Four Toll-Gates the same Day, whatever Number of Turnpikes, or Side Gates, the said Trustees may find it necessary to erect on the said Line of Road.

X. And whereas Part of the said Road leads over open and uninclo-fed Grounds, by rcaton of which the Tolls granted by this Act may be easily avoided, be it therefore further enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they fee Occasion, to make or cause to be made Ditches, Walls, and Fences, by the Sides of the said Road, or over, upon, or across the said open or unincioled Grounds, in such Manner and Direction as they shall find necessary, so that, the Payment of the said rolls may not be avoided; and if any Person or Persons shall pull down or otherways damage or displace or carry away any such Fcn.e, or any Part thereof, or shall till up or fpoif any such Ditch, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit

993

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds; and whatever Ditches may be made on the Sides of the said Road shall thereafter be cleared and cleanled by the respective Proprietors through whose Ground the same shall be so made, in Manner provided by the said recited Act and this Act-

XI. And be it enacted, That the Exemptions granted by the said recited Act shall be and the same are hereby repealed, and that no Toll shall be demanded for or in respect of Carriages, Horses, or Cattle, employed in carrying Materials for making or repairing Roads, Bridges, ^nd Toll-Houses, in the Counties of Clackmannan, Kinro/s, or Perth, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty after carrying the fame, or for Cattle, Hopfes, or Carriages, laden or unladen, passing from one Part of a Farm to another, or laden with Implements of Husbandry, or Carriages returning empty, after carrying the fame, or carrying any Person to or from Church, Chapel, or any Place of religious Worship, belonging to or situated within the Parish where such Person resides, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority robe celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried within the Parish; or carrying any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty, or for Horses or Cattle going to pr returning from their usual Places of Pasture or watering; or going to Smithies for the Purpose of being (hod, or returning therefrom; or for Horses or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails or Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Post-master General, either when employed in conveying or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning from conveying the fame; nor for the Horses of Officers or Soldiers, who are upon their March or on Duty, nor for any Horses, Cactle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in conveying any wounded or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor for any Horse, Mare or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided always, that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively; nor for Carts or Carriages or Waggons travelling with Vagrants sent with legal PalTes; nor shall any Person be liable to pay Toll for any Horse or Carriage at any Toll Bar erected or to be erected across or on the Side of the said Road, which shall only crols the fame, and shall not pals above Three Hundred Yards thereon; and if any such Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being legally entitled to the lame, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner of any Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage, or other Person being the Driver thereof, travelling on the said Road where any Toll Gate or Weighing Engine is or shall be ereftrd, shall turn out of the fame into any other Road in order to avoid being weighed, or to avoid the paying of Toll, and shall afterwards proceed with such Carriage into and on any Part of the Roads hereby directed to be made and amended, every such Owner or

[Lee. & Per J 11 T other

Exemptions repealed and others granted.

Penalty on Persons driving Carriages out of the Road to avoid Payment of Toll.

994-

Providing Repositories for Materials.

Cattle not to be grazed on the Sides of the Road, tc.

Damages by making Openings into the Road to be made goed.

Scouring

Ditches.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

other Person convicted of such Offence before one or more Justice or justices of the Peace for the District where such Offence shall be committed, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall forfeit, if he be the Owner, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, and if he be the Driver, and not the Owner, any Sum not exceeding Fifty Shillings Sterling, upon Conviffion, for every such Offence.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or their Contractors or Overseers, shall be and are hereby empowed to provide proper Places, at the Distance of a Quarter of a Mile from each other, on the Sides of the said Road, as Repositories for Stone, Gravel, and other Materials for making and repairing the said Road, Damages being always paid for the Ground occupied by such Repositories, and the Fences and Enclosures properly repaired at the Expence of the said Trustees: Provided always, That no such Repository shall be made on the fame Side of the Road on which any Gentleman’s Mansion House is situated, where such Repository shall be nearer to such Mansion House in a direct Line than Half a Mile.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall graze, or allow their Horses, Cows, or other Cattle to graze upon the Sides or Parts of the said Road, or in the Drains or Ditches adjoining thereto, or shall ride upon the Fooc Paths constructed along the Sides of the said Road, or ule the fame for any other Purpose whatever than the Accommodation of Foot Passengers, or hang or place any Gate across the fame, or along the Side thereof, to open otherwise than into the Field, or build any Windmill or Kiln for burning Lime or Bricks, within Twenty Yards of the Sides of any of the said Roads, every such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Thirty Shillings Sterling, and shall over and above remove the Nuisance, and be liable to pay the whole Damage fullaintd by the Trustees.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act if any Heritor or Occupier of Land on the Sides of the said Road shall make any Road or Entry from the said Road into any Field or Enclosure adjoining the fame, such Heritor or Occupier shall within Twenty-four Hours after the same shall be completed, repair whatever Damage may have been done to the said Road or Foot Path by such Operations, and make proper Bridges or Conduits for carrying off the Water, so that it may not stagnate on the Road; and if he shall refuse or neglect so to do, he shall, over and above making good the Damage sustained, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Ditches have been, or hereafter shall be made, near the Sides of the said Road, or through any Field adjoining thereto, by the Proprietors or Occupiers of the said Fields, such Proprietors or Occupiers shall, and they are hereby required to keep such Ditches properly scoured, and not to allow the Water to stagnate therein, so that the Road may be thereby damaged; and if they fail to do so, after Six Days Notice previously given, the said Trustees,

995

48° GEORGII III. Cap. £4.

tees, or the Overseers of the Road, by the Direction of any One of the Trustees, may, and are hereby required, to order the said Ditches to be opened, scoured, and cleansed, at the Cost of the said Proprietors or Occupiers, such Costs to be recovered by Distress and Sale of any of their moveable Effects, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act; and if any Occupier of Land shall turn any Water across or upon the Side or Sides of the said Road, he or she shall conduct such Water either in an open or covered Drain, of such Form and Dimensions as the said Trustees shall order and direct; and if such Occupier of Land shall, after Ten Days Notice, refuse or neglect to make such Drain, accord, ing to the Directions of the said Trustees as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order and cause such Drain to be made; and the Person or Persons refuting or neglecting to make the fame, agreeably to the Orders and Directions of the said Trustees as aforesaid, shall re-pay to the said Trustees all the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making of such Drain, and shall likewise pay a Penalty of Forty Shillings Sterling.

XVII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to order and direct the Earth which may be excavated for the Purpose of making any Ditches or Trenches, by the said recited Act or this Act authorized to be made, to be thrown or laid upon the Side of the said Ditch or Ditches next and adjoining to the said Road, so as to form a Bank betwixt the said Road and the said Ditch or Ditches.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Driver of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Bead of Burthen, whether the fame be loaded or unloaded, shall drive or permit the same to travel or pass upon the said Road, or any Part thereof, abreast or alongside of any other Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Bead of Burthen, so as wilfully to obstruct the (ree Passage of the said Road, or any Part thereof; and that for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, drawn by Two or more Horses, Oxen, or other Beast of Draught, there shall be at least One Driver; and that there shall be one Driver at the least for every Two Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other Carriages drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Beast of Draught; and every Person or Persons offending in the Premises, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, for every such Offence.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Driver of every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Beast of Burthen, travelling upon the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall be obliged, upon meeting another Waggon'; Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horle, Als, Mule, br other Beasts of Burthen, to make Way by holding or driving to his own left Hand, or what is commonly called holding to his near Side; and shall, upon patting any Waggon, Wain, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Als, Mule, or other Beast of Burthen, be obliged to pass upon the right Hand of such Carriage, Horse, or other Beast of Burthen; and the Driver of every such Carriage, H uric, or other Beast, so to be passed, shall be obliged to hold or drive to his

near

Allowing Earth to be thrown up between Oitchei and Road.

Carriages not to go abreast.

Carriages to pass on the Right of others.

996

Obliging Owners of Carriages to paint their Names thereon.

Obliging Toll-gatherers to attend.

For suppressing Bj e-Roads.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

gpar Side, and that without Dittindion, whether the Carriage, Waggon, Wain.Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Beast of Burthen, so meeting or passing, is loaded or unloaded; and every Person offending in the Premises shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for every such Offence.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Owner of any Wag-gon. Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, shall fail to have his Name and Place of Abode painted in legible Characters in some conspicuous Part of the Waggon, Wain, or Cart, it shall be lawful for the said Trust tees to order and direct the Tacksman of the Tolls, or the Toll-gatherer, or other Person employed to collect any of the Tolls or Duties, and such Tacksman or Toll gatherer is hereby authorized and required to levy, demand, and take at the said Turnpike-Gate or Gates, before any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage on which the Owner’s Name shall not be so painted, pass through the fame. Double the Tolls and Duties by this Act authorized to be levied and taken-, and which Double Tolls and Duties shall be recovered and applied in the same Manner as the other Tolls and Duties are by the former Act and this Act directed to be recovered and applied.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Tacksman, Toll-gatherer, or other Person employed to coiled the said Tolls, shall permit any Waggon, Wain, or other such Carriage, on which the Name and Place of Abode of the Owner shall not be painted as herein-before directed, to pass any of the said Turnpike or Turnpikes, without exading Double Tolls as before mentioned; or shall absent himself from the Turnpike Gate, foas to occasion Delay or Inconvenience to Travellers; or knowingly to exact any higher Rate of Toll than what is hereby authorized to be taken; or to refuse, when required by any Person passing through the Turnpike Gate, to shew his Warranto! Collection, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties, upon the Application of the said Trustees, to cause any unnecessary Bve-Road immediately connected with and leading into the Road by the said recited Act or this Act authorized to be made, as they shall judge not to be of Importance to the Public: Provided always, that no Bye-Road shall be (hut up, or the Situation of any Turnpike Gate once established, altered, unless at a Meeting to be held for that express Purpose, on a Notice of at lead Thirty Days before the Day of Meeting, specifying the Purpose of the Meeting, inserted in the Edinburgh Evening Courant, or Caledonian Mercury, and affixed to all the Turnpikes that shall be (landing on the Road, and to all the Parish Church Doors within which the Bye Roads proposed to be lhut up shall be situated; nor unless there shall be present at such Meeting, Double the Number of Trustees required to make a Quorum (or executing the other Purposes of the said recited Act, or this Act, nor unless Three-fourths of the Trustees present shall decide in favour of the Measure proposed; which Trustees so deciding, shall have previously inspected the said Bye Roads, to entitle them to vote at such Meeting.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 54. 997

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue or be Trustees may

sued for or concerning any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this tbhee

Act, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being; and NaUofthelr that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of Treasurero.-or against the said Trustees, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, Clerk;

shall fall or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Treasurer or Clerk, nor by the Act of such Treasurer or Clerk, without tire Consent of the Trustees; but that the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being shall be deemed to be Pursuer or Defender, as

the Case may be, in every such Action or Suit.

XXIV. Provided always, That every such Treasurer or Clerk, in whose anci be re!m" Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, b"rfed Ex" in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the

Monies to arise by virtue of the said former Act and this Act; and shall also have a personal Claim and Right of Action against the Trustees acting in the Execution of the said Acts, for all such Cods, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding, he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put to, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Pursuer or Defender as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Trustees i® for such of the said Trustees as are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the said Counties of Clackmannan, Kinro/s, and Perth, to act as Justices pc"c° of the Peace in all such Cases, Matters, or Things, as shall be necessary act. for more speedily and effectually putting into execution the several Powers and Authorities in the said former Act and in this Act mentioned and contained, except in such Cases only in which they are personally interfted.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Toll Collec-Litigation shall arise touching or in anyways relating to the said Tolls, the tors c°mpe-Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or nesses^'* Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall be, nt"'s‘

and they are hereby declared not to be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suir, or Litigation, by reason of their being appointed to collect such Tolls.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That allCofts, Charges, and Expences, Exp-rcesof incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, together the AcE-with the lawful Interest for the fame, shall be paid and defrayed out of the

first Money which shall be collected and received from the additional Tolls by this Act granted; and for ascertaining the Amount of the said additional Tolls, it is hereby declared that the yearly Revenue arising from the Tolls and Duties payable by the said former Act, shall be rated and taken at the Sum of Two hundred and fi ty-five Pounds Six Shillings and Light-pence, being the average Produce of the said Tolls, for the Three Years preceding the Term of Il'bitfunday One thousand eight hundred and eight; and that whatever Tolls and Duties may, from and after the said Term of Whit/unday One thousand eight hundred and eight, be collected at or received from the Turnpike-gates erected or to be ere^cd on the said Road, over and above the aforesaid Sum of Two hundred and [Loc. & Per.] 11 U fifty-

99$ 48° GEORGII III. Cap.$4.

fifty-five Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence, shall be held and taken to be additional Tolls.

Fordetaintrg XX

VIII. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against the Paid recited

Persons1" uil this Act may be trantlent Persons unknown to the Cpllt do s, Sur-

ty of Of- veyors, and Officers under the said Acts; be it therefore enacted, That fences. it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the fair! Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons, guilty of any Offence again!! this Act, and to convey him, her, or them, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, for the County where any such Offence or Offences shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for so doing.

If 200I. and upwards.

Morey pay.

XXIX. And be it enacted, That whatever Money shall be paid as afore-able to Per- said, for Lands, Tenements. Houses, or other Subjects taken or used by Entado/uif- the said Trulfees, for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, which ability, how were held under Entail, or subject to Life-rent Annuities or other Into bedifpoied cumbrantes, or belonging to any Corporation, married Woman, Minor, Lunatic, Idiot, or other Person under legal Disability or Incapacity, such Money, in case the fame amount to Two hundred Pounds or upwards, shall be under the Authority and Direction of the Court of Session, and shall, without Delay be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or such other Bank as the said Court shall direct, upon the high-eft interest that can be got, in order that it may be applied, with the Approbation and by the Authority of the said Court, in the Purchase of Land Tax, or in the Discharge of any Debt or Incumbrance affecting the said Lands, Tenements, Houses, or other Subjects, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, Houses, or other Subjects belonging to the lame Persons, and settled to the lame or like Liles, or under the like Conditions and Limitations; and when such Money cannot be applied to these or like Purposes, then the lame shall be laiJ out in the Purchase, or on the Security of other Lands, Tenements, Houses, and other Subjects of the like Nature, and the Rights and Titles thereof shall be deviled to the same Person or Persons, or for their Benefit, to the lame Series of Heirs, for the lame Uies and Purposes, and under the fame Provisions, Conditions, and Limitations as the Lands, Tenements, Houses, and other Subjects taken and uied for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act were devised and lettled, or such of them as shall be then existing and capable of taking etfed; and in the mean Time, until such Purchase or Security can be effected, the Interest of such Money shall be paid, by Authority of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who for the Time would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, Houses, or other Subjects lo taken and used by the said Trulfees.

Xfless than 200I. and above sol.

XXX. And be it enacted, That if such Money be less than Two hundred Pounds, but shall be equal to or exceed Twenty Pounds Sterling, then at the Option of the Person or Persons who for the Tune being would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, Houses, and other Subjects conveyed to or taken by the Trulfees for the Purposes of the Lid Ad and this Act, to be figmfied in Writing under their respective Hands, or under the Hands ol their Tutors, Curators, or Trulfees in Cales of Minority, Lunacy, or Trust, to be paid into one or other of the said

Banks.

999

4&® GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

Banks, under the fame Direction and Authority, to be applied in the Manner before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be named by the Person or lJersons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more Trustees under the said Act and this Act, in order that such Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in the Manner before directed, so far as the Circumstances of the Cafe shall make ir pradicable.

XXXI. And be it enacted, That where such Money shall be less than Twenty Pounds Sterling, then the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who for the Time being would have loeen entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, Houses, and other Subjects so taken and conveyed for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Trust to his or their Trustees, or in case of Minority, or Lunacy to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators for the Ufc and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, Houses or other Subjects, purchased by virtue of the said Act and this Act, shall reftife to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be lo awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, Houses, or other Subjects, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as afo’-esaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, Houses, or other Subjects, (describing the m,) fuSjed to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the Court of Session; which laid Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Parc thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a fu mm ary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and realonablej and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what, and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the said Bank in pursuance of the said Act and this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, Houses, or other Subjects, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, Houses, or other Subjects, to be purchased

If less than 20!.

In case of net nuking out Tides, &c.

Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank,

subject to the Order of the Court of Seffioti.

Where any Questionlhall arile touching the Right to such Money.

IOOOO

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by Trailers.

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Continuance.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 54.

chafed in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in the Possession of such Lands, Tenements, Houses, and other Subjects, at the rime of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the PoflcITIon of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Land', Tenements, Houses, or other Subjects, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Laid Court of Session; and such Money, and the Entered thereof, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled tt) such Lands, Tenements, Houses, or other Subjects, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by rea-fcn of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, Houses, or other Subjects to be purchased under the Authority of the said Act: and this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, Houses, or other Subjects, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said Act and this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the nectflary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and ochers, without being specially pleaded.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Term granted by the said recited Act shall cease and determine, and that from thenceforth the said recited Act (subject to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) shall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Punters to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. i8jb.

