ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

(f*»-*4e

1 !,u b#i»

Can. 105.

An Act for continuing, altering, and enlarging the Powers of so much of an Act of His present Majesty, as relates to making effectual the Statute Labour in the Shire of Inverness, and levying a Conversion of Money in lieu thereof, and Other wife regulating, making, and repairing Highways and Bridges in the said Shire. [i8th June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, <c An Act for making effectual " the Statute Labour in the Shire of Inverness, and for levy-ft ing Converson Money in lieu of Labour, and for otherwise regulating, " making, and repairing'Highway's an'd Bridges in the said Shire j and 4< for improving, widening, and lighting the Streets within the Royal " Burgh of Invernefswill expire at the End of the present Session of Parliament and it is expedient that the Powers thereof, so far as relates to the making effectual the Statute Labour, arid levying a GonverGon of Mo-, ney in lied thereof; and regulating, making, and repairing Highways, Bridges, and Ferries in the said County, should be continued, altered, and enlarged: And whereas certain Roads and Bridges are also now making, or are about to be made, in the Shire of Inverness, pursuant to an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled "An Act for granting to His Majesty the Sum of Twenty thousand Pounds to be issued and applied towards making Roads and building Bridges in the Highlands of Scotland; and for enabling the Proprietors of Land in Scotland to charge their Estates with a Proportion [Loc. & Per.] 231 of

33 Geo. j.

43 Geo.

86.

2.058

44 Geo. 3. c. ?5-

Repealing Act so far as relates to Statute Labour.

Nomination of Trustees.

Qualification ol Factors.

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 105.

t£ of the Expence of making and keeping in repair Roads and Bridges m " the Highlands of Scotland:'* and another Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, cc An Act for <l aftefling the Proprietors of Lands in the County of Inverness to-tc wards the Expence of making and supporting such Roads and <c Bridges therein, as shall be approved of by the Commissioners ap-ec pointed by an Act of the last Session of Parliament for making Roads <c and building Biidgesinthe Highlands of Scotland And whereas it is further neceflury that so soon as the said Roads and Bridges, or any of them, shall have been completed, that due Provision should be made for keeping them in sufficient Repair, may it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament alkm-bled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Act, so far as relates to the making effectual the Statute Labour, and levying a Conversion of Money in lieu thereof, and regulating, making, and repairing Highways, Bridges, and Ferries in the said County, shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it enacted, That every Heritor in the County of Inverness, qualified to be a Commissioner of Supply, though not named in any Act or Acts of Parliament, appointing Commissioners of Supply for the said Shire, and the Factor of every such Heritor in the Absence of his Constituent; as also every Heritor pofteffing landed Property, situate within the said Shire, yielding Oner hundred Pounds of real Rent, after deducting public Burdens, and the Heir Apparent, if of lawful Age, of such Heritor possessed of Land in the said Shire, yielding Rent to the Amount of double the said Qualification, One of any Number of Guardians of each Minor, possessing Lands within the said Shire of the Value of One hundred Pounds Scots; One of any Number of Trustees upon any Estate of the said Shire, of the said Valuation, vested in Trust; and also the Provost, Baillks, and Dean of Guild of the Burgh of Inverness, and the Justices of the Peace for the Shire of Inverness, shall be Trustees for repairing and keeping in repair any Hoad or Bridges made, or to be made, pursuant to the said in part recited Acts, pasted in the Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, or either of them, and for making and repairing the other Highways, Roads, and Bridges within the said Shire, and for executing all other Powers given and granted by this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Factor shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unleJs he shall be qualified to act as a Commissioner of Supply for the said County, or unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands or Heritages of the clear yearly Value of Twenty-five Pounds per Annum-, or bepofteftd of and entitled to a personal Estate alone, or real and personal Estate together, of the Value of Five hundred Pounds; nor shall any such Factor, not qualified to be a Commissioner of Supply, be capable of acting in the Execution of this Act, untill he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following, before any Two or more of the said

Trustees,

2059

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 105.

Trustees, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same; that is to say,

T do swear, That I truly and bona fide am, in my

own Right, (<?r, in the Right of my Wife, as the Case may be) in the c actual Possession or Enjoyment of Lands or Heritages of the clear

yearly Value of Twenty-five Pounds: or ppflcfled of, or entitled to a e personal Estate alone, or real and person il Efface together, of the

Amount or Value of Five hundred Pounds

So help me GOD.*

IV. And be it enacted, That if any Person, not having the Qualification, or not being of the Description aforesaid, shall act as a Truffee, every such Person shall, for every such acting, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, to be applied for Reparation of the Roads lying within that District in which he has acted.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Lid Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, in order to carry this Act into Execution, meet at biverness upon the Third Tuesday of July, One thousand eight hundred and eight, and thereafter yearly, upon such Day and at such Place as the Commissioners of Supply for the said Shire of Inverness shall be directed by the Land Tax Ad of the Year then current, to assemble for the Purposes of assessing the Land Tax, and of chusing a Convener, Collector, and Clerk; and that it shall be competent for the Trustees, so assembled at the aforesaid Annual General Meetings, to divide the Shire into such Number of Districts as to them shall seem expedient for the more easy and effectual Execution of the Powers hereby granted, which Division of Districts shall continue till altered by a subsequent General Meeting of the Shire, upon the Petition or Application of Heritors in any District to the Amount of Two-thirds of the valued Rent of the fame, or upon Complaint made to a General Meeting, and proved to the Satisfaction of a subsequent General Meeting, that the Trustees in any District have been negligent in the Execution of the Powers committed to them by this Act; and every such Petition, or Application and Complaint, shall first be intimated to the Convener or Conveners interested in the Division, ac least Six Months previous to the General Meeting, at which it is to become the Subject of Deliberation; and the Trustees assembled as aforesaid shall have power, and they are hereby empowered, to adjourn to the next or any after lawful Day or Days, if they shall see Cause to do so, and to name a Prefes or Chairman of their Meeting, and a Clerk during Pleasure, with such Salary as they shall think proper, who shall attend at the Meetings of the said Trustees, and shall enter their whole Proceedings regularly in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and shall fend a Duplicate of the Proceedings of the Annual General Meetings within Ten Days after such Meeting to the Convener or Clerk of each District; and shall like wife, as often as required by any Person or Persons having an In-cercft in the fame, make and give out Copies and Extrads of the Orders and Proceedings of the Trustees at such certain moderate Fee for the same as shall be fixed by the said Trustees in a General Meeting assembled; and that such Extrads or Copies shall contain the Warrant for putting those Orders into Execution; and that the said Trustees at their

First

Penalty on acting if not qualified.

Meetings of Trustees.

General Meeting to divide the Shire into Distrifls.

Clerk to fend Duplicates of the Proceedings within Ten Days to the Convener or Clerk* of Diliridts.

2060

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. lot.

First General or Adjourned Meeting aforesaid, and in all their subsequent Annual General Meetings or Adjourned Meetings assembled, shall have Power, and they are hereby empowered and required, to nominate and appoint early and convenient Times and Places for the First: Meeting of the Trustees in each Year within their respective Districts; and the Di(lri£\Meer- Trustees at such Didrift Meetings assembled shall have Power afterwards irgs may ad- to adjourn as they shall see 'Cause, and also to make Subdivisions of their make Sub respective Dill rifts for the more easy Collection of the bunds, and for

divisions. conducting the several Roads therein as after mentioned, if they shall think proper.

VI. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That it shall be deemed sufficient to constitute any Trusteeas aforesaid a Member of a District Meeting. that he has landed Property to the Amount before specified within the same, or that he has resided within such District Six Months of the A ear preceding the said Meeting.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person not qualified as aforesaid, or not of the Description aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Trustee, such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and

Qualification PaY die Sum of Ten Pounds Sterling, besides the Expence of Prole-ua i ca ion. cution^ to rcc0vcred by any of the Trustees duly qualified in Manner after directed, to be recovered by Complaint in a summary Way, before the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriff Depute of the County of Inverness> or his Subiliture, and to be applied for the Use and Repair of the Roads in the said County, as a General Meeting shall directj and in case of such Complaint, the Proof of the Qualification shall lie upon the Person complained of.

Requisite Qualification of Diltr.a Trustees.

Penalty on Persons acting without

The Truf*

VIII. And be it further enacted, Thar the Trustees of the different Dif-reesof Dif- trifts shall superintend the repairing, and keeping in repair, the said Roads tridts to have made, or to be made, porfuant to the said iri part recited Acts passed in Superin- foe Forty-third and Forty-fourth Years of the Reign of His prclent

Roads'and Majesty, or either of them, so soon as the same shall be completed, and

Bridget and shall superintend, and have the Direction and Cognizance of the several Ferries with, o'her Roads and Bridges, and Ferries, within their respective Districts, in the fame. ancj Q,a|| have Power (under the Restrictions after-mentioned) to appoint the Order in which the said Roads and Bridges shall be made and repaired, and to appropriate the Monies to be exacted and raised by virtue of this Act for the Purposes thereby intended.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, in District Meet-District ings assembled> be> and are hereby impowered to appoint a Ptefes Trustees. and Convener, Collector or Collectors (or each District; as also to appoint a Clerk, and such other Officers for each District, as may be ne-District Col- cessary; and that the Collectors shall grant sufficient Security for their In-lec"rs[u'° tromissions, and that the Convener of such respective District Meetings cient'secu- 01:111 bave I‘owers and hc is hereby empowered and directed to call Mcct-rhy. ings of the Trustees for the said Districts, as often as he shall be required

Convener by any Two Trustees within such District, upon Ten Days previous to call Meet- Notice to be given at the Church Doors within the District, or personally mured by any b7 the said Convener, or by a Writing subscribed by him, left at the Two Truf- Dwelling-house of such Trustees, and to adjourn the Meetings so called

from

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 105. 2061

from Time to Time, and that all Questions arising among the said Truf- Such Meet, tees, at such District Meetings assembled, shall be carried and deter- ings may mined by a Majority of the Trustees present ac such Meeting. adjourn.

X. Providing always, That it shall be lawful for any One Trustee to

act at the aforesaid District Meetings, in case the other Trustees do not more"^ attend. not attend.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall be Any!1bfent lawful for, and in the Power of any abfrnc Trustee, being an Heritor Trustee tc qualified as aforesaid, to act or vote by his Factor, qualified as aforesaid, vote by generally authorized to act for him in ail Matters regarding his Property Proxy-

in the said Shire, or by Proxy to be by him given to any other Trustee appointed under this Act, attending and voting in Person at any One of the General or District Meetings; and that the Vote of the said Factor or Proxy shall have the fame Force and Effect as if given by the absenc Trustee, had he been personally present: Provided also, That no Factor or Mandatory shall have Power to vote for more than One Consticuent or Mandanc.

XII. And be it further enacted, Thar all Meetings under the Authority Trustees to of this Act shall begin to be held at Twelve of the Clock at Noon, and defray their not earlier, and each Member shall defray his own Expences; but without ownExpence. disabling or restraining the said Trustees from giving an Allowance to Collectors, Clerks, Overseers, or other Officer?, for their Trouble,

liable to the Examination and Control of the General Meeting.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at District Power of Meetings assembled, shall have Power, and are hereby empowered to District appoint Overseers, Surveyors, and other Officers, within their respective Tru^ees to Districts, subject always to the Control < f the General Meeting; and Overseers that the said Overseers and Surveyors may, by the Trustees of their re- Surveyors’ spective Districts, or any Two of them, being Justices of the Peace, &c-

be made Constables for the special Purpose of acting as Constables in the Business of Highways, Roads, Bridges, and Ferries, and for that Pur- who ma>' be pose only; and the Persons so appointed shall be obliged to accept the conftatdes Office of Surveyor or Overseer as aforesaid, under the Penalty of Five for the Pur-Pounds Sterling each, to be levied in case of Refusal upon a Complaint pofesof this against him or them, at the Suit of any Heritor in the said Shire, 2t the Act*

Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriff Depute of die County, or any of his Subflicutcs.

XIV. Provided always, That the Trustees, at their General Annual Collector to Meetings, shall have Power, and they are hereby empowered to name and be°appo!nted appoint a Collector or Collectors for uplifting and receiving the Assess- to grant ments laid on the Heritors of the County, as hereafter mentioned, with Security-, the Exception of the Royal Burgh of Inverness, and the Lands and Fish-

ings holding of the Burgh; and for uplifting and receiving the unuplifted or unapplied Commutation Money of such District or Districts, as shall neglect to uplift and apply the same as hereinafter mentioned, the Sums to be so uplifted to be applied for the Purpose hereaf er t xpressed j and in like Manner, that the Trustees within the Burgh of Inverness, and of Lands holding of the Burgh, shall have Power, ac their First Meeting after

1Loc. fc? Per.] 23 K ° the

20 & 2

Aflefiir.enr, to what Extent and how leviable.

Assessment to be increased or diminished

pedient.

Assessment

ceed Two-

Pound of Rent of Salmon F:lh-ings.

Trustees may compound

British Fishery So-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 105.

the Thirtieth Day of April yearly, subject to the Control of the General Meeting; and they are hereby empowered to name and appoints Collector for uplifting and receiving the Assessments laid on the Heritors of Lands and Fishings, holding of the said Royal Burgh of Inverness, and any unuplifted or unapplied Assessment or Commutation Money within the same, which Collector or Collectors, shall find Security to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them present at such General and District Meetings of the County and Burgh, with Power to the said Trustees, at any after Annual Meetings, to remove the said Collectors, and appoint others in their Stead, who shall find Security as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be levied upon all Lands, Tenements, and Heritages, within the said County, yearly, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence and not less than Two- pence Sterling in the Pound Sterling of real Rents, after deducting therefrom ail public and parochial Burdens, as the same shall be after tained by any Committee to be appointed by the Annual General Meeting, or any Adjournment thereof, after receiving the Reports of the said Distiices, or their failing to give in Reports as after-mentioned, which Assessment shall be payable by the Heritors of the Lands and Tenements reflectively, whether situated in the County, or held of the Royal Burgh of Inverness, including Salmon Fishings, with the Exception of the Houses in the Town of Inverness, and shall be levied on or before the Twenty-fifth Day of diarchy in every Year by the Collectors to be appointed pursuant to this Act, or by such Person or Persons to whom such Assessment may be assigned or transferred in Manner hereafter mentioned, and that where Lands, Salmon Fishings, or Tenements are life-rented, the said Assessment shall be paid by the Life-renter or Life-renters respectively.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Trustees of each District, at their First Annual Meeting as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby empowered and directed, subject to the Control of the General Meeting, to lower the said Assessment of Sixpence Sterling to any Sum not less than Two-pence Sterling in the Pound Sterling, of Lands, Tenerm nts, and other Heritages aforesaid, within their respective Districts, for any One Year, or Number of Years, as to them shall seem proper, and again to raise the same to any Sum not exceeding Sixpence as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Assessment to be levied on Salmon Fishings shall not, at any Time, exceed Twopence in the Pound Sterling, of the real Rent thereof.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to receive from the British Society for extending the Fisheries, and improving the Sea Coasts of this Kingdom, an annual Compofuion in lieu of any Assessment to be levied upon the Lands belonging to the said Society, and in lettling the Amount of such Composition due Regard shall be had to the Ecu Duties payable by such Society to their Superiors, the Salary allowed to their Superintendanr, the Sums required to keep their Pier and Build-flings in repair, and other C.ircumstances attending the Establishment.

C / I / Vi ‘ M

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 105. 2063

XIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That each Proportion Heritor or Life-renter shall have Relief from the principal Tackfnen or ,^a)'ab,e by Tenants, for One-Half of the Assessment aforesaid, to be proportioned ’

on the Amount of the real Rents payable by each of them respectively, and that principal Tacksmen shall have Relief from their Sub-tenants in the like Manner, according to a just and fair Proportion to be fixed and determined by the Trustees of the Districts respectively.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Householders, Cottars, La- Comimitatio* bourers, Boatmen, Tradesmen, Artificers, and their Journeymen, or JJ°uf-hold-Apprentices above Eighteen Years of Age, or Householders, whether in cr!j &c. the Royal Burgh of Inverness, or in the County; and all other Persons above Eighteen Years of Age, residing within the Laid County, not paying an AITcirment in respect of their Lands, in Manner aforesaid, shall, in lieu of the Statute Labour formerly exigible from them, pay an annual Assessmenc, not less than Three Shillings, and not exceeding Nine Shillings, to be augmented or diminished by the District Meetings, in any or all of the Districts subject to the Controul of the General Meetings.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, Tenantjin That when the Proportion of Relief exigible from any Tenant, shall not every Cafe amount to the Commutation Money payable in his or her District, by "ot 10 Par each Cottar, Labourer, and others as aforesaid, in that Event the Dif- Hoafehold-ference lba)l be payable to the Collector of the District by such Tenant, ers. so that no Tenant for himself and Servants shall pay less individually, than a Cottar, Labourer, or Artizan.

XXII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That hired labouring Servants Labouring

for a Term of not less than Six Months, in the Service ol Proprietors Servants and Tenants, shall be wholly exempted from any Commutation, the fame hir'd for a being included in the Payment made by their respective Matters, in Man- toPropJeV net aforesaid. tors, &c.

exempted.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Heritor or Life-renter of Lids of Rents Lands and Tenements, including Fishings, whether valued in the tobcdeliver-County, cr held of the Royal Burgh of Inverness, or the Factor of eii to

such Heritor or Life-renter, shall furnish to the Collector of his or her for!' respective District,’ within which the said L’nds and Tenements and Fiftiings, are situated, on or before the Twentieth Day of June yearly, a List of the net real Rents payable to them as aforesaid, and of the respective Tenants, and the Rent payable by each of them, Together with the Value or Rent for which Lands and Tenements, in the Heritor’s Occupation, would let on a Lease of Nineteen Years, except in Cafes where Proprietors are limited to a shorter Period, in which Cafe the Rene is to be ascertained according to such Limitation; and in Default of such Lifts or Returns being so made, it shall be lawful for the Trullees of the District, at any Meeting to be held by them between the Twentieth Day of June and the last Day of July yearly, to ascertain the Amount of the Rentals, or Rents, or Profits of the Heritors or Life-renters making Default, and to aliefs them according to the bell of their Know>led.>e or Information.

XXIV. And in respect that there are considerable Quantities of Bear or Estimate of

Bioo Victual Rent.

2064-

Lifts to be !aid before District Meeting.

Household* ers, &c.

be disposed

4H" GEORGII III. Gap. 105.

Blag, and Oatmeal payable in Kind to the Landlords in some of t-he Districts; Be it enacted, That in order to fimphfy such Returns to be made to the Collector, such Boll of Victual Rent shall be efli mated agreeable to the fair Prices of the County for the Year preceding.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Collector of such Districts shall lay the Lifts or Returns to be furnished him by the Heritors or Life-renters as hereby required, before the First District Meeting, to be held after the Twentieth Day of June yearly, for the Purpose of having such Returns corrected, and the Quantum of AflVfTnent ascercained; and such District Collector shall also, under the Penalty of Fifty Pounds Sterling, transmit a Duplicate of such Returns, after being so corrected or approval of by a District Meeting, with the Minutes, ascertaining the Quantum of AlfcfiVnenr, within Ten Days after such Correction or Approval, to the Clerk of the General Meetings, who is hereby directed, under a similar Penalty, to liy such Returns before the next General Meeting, or of the Committee to be appointed as aforesaid, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Assessment to be levied by the General Collector as aforesaid; and failing of such Returns being made to the Clerk of the General Meetings, before the First ‘t'uefday of August yearly, the Laid Clerk of the General Meetings shall thereupon write to the Convener, and, in his Absence, to any ocher Trustee in the District so failing, demanding such corrected Lifts or Return5, and Minute, to be forthwith trunfmitced to him; and, in case such Lifts or Returns, and Minute, shall hot be transmitted to the Clerk of the General Meetings before the General Meeting hereby appointed to be held annually on the Day on which the Freeholders of the County of Invemejs hold their Michaelmas Head Court yearly, ic shall be lawful for the said Michaelmas

LLad Court, or any annual or adjourned General Meeting, or of a Committee to be appointed as aforesaid, to ascertain the Kents of the Heritors and Life-renters of the District in Default, according to the best of their Knowledge or Information, and to aftcls them at the highest Race of AssessmcnL allowed by chis Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Collectors of Districts shall make out a Charge against Householders, smallTenants, Cottars, and other Persons liable to the Conversion hereby directed to be levied within their Districts, and after being approven of determined by a District Meeting, shall levy the A mount of the said Charge against each of them in Manner after-mentioned.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Objection considered to be valid shall be stated at the Meeting of the Trustees of any District to 2ny Return which shall have been made to the Collectors, the Trustees shall have Power to call the Occupiers of Land or others making such objectionable Returns before them, with such Witnesses as may be thought necessary, by whom they are to take Proof of the Rents or other Matters which require to be investigated, and alter such Proof, such Trustees shall make an Aireftrnent which shall be final for that Year’s Charge, subject only to the Controul of the General Meeting.

XXVIII. And be it enacted, That no Clergyman, on account of his Manse and Glebe, nor any Parochial Schoolrnalter or SchooJmasters, employed

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 105. 2064

ployed by the Society for propagating Christian Knowledge on account of millers er-his School-house or Allowance of Ground as directed by the Rules of the s*r-

said Society,’ nor any Teacher of the Inverness Academy, shall be liable Vants and for the Conversion hereby directed to be levied; but if such Clergyman, Farms. Schoolmaster, or Teacher shall have any Man Servant, every such Clergyman, Schoolmaster, or Teacher shall, for every such Servant, be liable in the Conversion payable by Cottars; or if any such Clergyman, Schoolmaster, or Teacher shall have any Farm distinct from the Glebe or Allowance of Ground as aforesaid, every such Clergyman, School-master, or Teacher shall pay or relieve the Heritor in proportion to the Rene of the Lands they so hold, as other Heritors or Occupiers of Land are hereby bound to do.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees of each D!(lri6t, TndigentPer-or the Majority of those assembled at the First Annual Meeting thereof, ions may be shall have Power to excuse indigent Persons from Payment of the Con- exemPted« vcrlion hereby allowed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That each District Collector shall

ke«-p a distinct and separate Account of the Money levied in each District, keep distinct and shall not allow any Persons, liable in the Conversion hereby allowed, to Accounts, run in Arrrar, blit shall punctually execute the Orders given by the General M« etings of the Trustees, or those of District Meetings with relptctco h vying the said Conversion, under the Penalty that each Collector shall be personally liable and answerable for the Deficiency, who shall fail to do what is hereby required for the Recovery thereof, in Manner herein directed.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Person liable in Payment Persons ne.

of the said Conversion or Commutation Money granted by this Act, who 8lecVnP or shall neglect or ret’use to makePaymentthereof when required, at such Time ^ith

as the same shall be demanded, or within Tm Days after Requisition made to the Terms of them,eitherpersonally or at their DwcllingPlaces, or by Advertisementatthe the Act. Parish ChurchesonSaWdy, shall be liable in double Payment; and in case any Person, liable in the Conversion granted by this Act, shall refuse or delay to make Payment of the fame in the Manner herein directed. Application shall thereupon be made by each Collector respectively to any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the fnd Shire, who, upon a Certificate under ihe Hand of such Collector, that such Person or Persons has or have not paid such Conversion as hereby required, are hereby authorized and required to grant a Warrant under their Hands for seizing the Effects of every such Person, and for poinding and distraining the fame; and that the Officer, to whom the same shall be directed, shall summarily seize and diF train the readied Goods and Effects of every such Person, and shall, at the End of Three Days after such Did refs, sell the same by Public Auction to the highest Offerer at the next adjoining Village, or nearest Place proper fora Public Sale, most convenient for the Sale of the Effects so distiained for Payment of the fame, for which such Person shall be liable to pay pursuant to this Act, and of the necessary Charges and Expences attending such Distress and Sale, rendering the Overplus, if any be, upon Demand, to the Owner; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such payment and Charges shall not be forthwith made, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County, and they

2o66

4.&0 GEORGII III. Cap. 105.

are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hand?, to Defaulters cause the Person so in default, to be committed to the common Jail of may be mi- the County or District until Payment, for any Period not exceeding exceeding10* Three Calendar Months, and no Suspension, Complaint, or Action shall Three Laien- flop the Execution of such Warrants or Paymcnrs of the Conversion dar Months, hereby granted; hiving always, nevertheless, to the Parties, their Redrels Redress com- from the Person determined by whom they shall have been aggrieved j and in case any petent to Heritor or Liferenter shall fail to make Payment of the Assessment here-t em: by granted, on or before the Twenty-fifrh Day of March yearly, to the

in^tcTcnm!" General Collector, every such Heritor or Liferenter shall be liable in ply with this Double the Amount of such Assessment, to be recovered by the said Ge-Act. neral Collector, by all Ways and Methods known in the Law of Scotland.,

which shall not be flayed by any Suspension, Complaint, or Action, unless upon Consignarion of a Sum equal to such double AsselTment, in the Office of the Bank of Scotland, or of the Britishi Linen Company ac Inverness \ rcfcrving neverrhelcL to every such Person aggrieved his Re-drcls irom the Person by whom he shall have been aggrieved t and in case any principal Tackitnan, Tenant or Sub-Tenant shall fail to make Payment of their respective Proportions of the Assessment hereby granted, on or before the Twency-fifth Day of March yearly, each such principal Tackf-man, Tenant and Sub-Tenant shall be liable in a Sum equal to Double such proportion; and every Heritor and Liferenter, paying such Proportion, or Double the Amount thereof, shall and may recover the fame from the principal Tacklman; and the principal Tacksman shall and may recover the fame from the Tenant or Sub-Tenant liable therefore, in the same Manner, and by all the Ways and Methods which are hereby given to the General Collector.

Budgate.

Penalty on

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Collector shall ^oII'cr'o°nra_c,‘ wrongfully charge any Person as a Defaulter, or poind and distrain his EfftIyW'0"g" and be convifled thereof before any Two or more Justices of the

Peace of the said County, or at the Quarter Sessions, the said Justices shall award against tvtry such Collector to the Person so aggrieved double the Sum lor which he or flic shall be so charged, or (haTl have their Effects poinded or distraintd for ail Expences attending the same.

Excrmbron

XXXIII. And whereas the I.ands o( Dunmaglass, with the united Pact Donma- ‘ ri(1,<:s of Davict and Dunlicbity though valued and paying Land Tax, in the glass ard the County of Nairn, are situated in the Middle of Lands in the Shire of Lands of Inverness; and in like Manner the Lands of Budgate, within the Parish of Calder, though valued and paying Land Tax in the Shire of lavernest, lie more contiguous to the Shire of Nairn, and on this Account it would be convenient and of public Utility, that an Exchange or Excambeon should take place with respea to those Lands as after-mentioned Be it therefore enacted, That the said Lands of Dunmaglass and the Inhabitants thereof shall in future pay the AITefTmenc and Convc.fion hereby granted in the Shire of Inverness, and be subject to the fame Conditions and Penalties which are by this Act, with Reference to Lands situated therein; and the said Lands of Budgate shall, in like Manner, perform Statute Labour in the Shire of Nairn; and each of the said Lands shall be subject to the Jurisdiction of the Justices of the Peace, Commissioners of Supply, and Trustees for the Roads of the respective Shires to which they arc lo transferred, so far as regards the said Statute Labour, and the

Conversion

2067

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 105.

Convention and Assessment, but in every other respect such Lands shall remain as they were before the patling of this Act, Parts of the Shires to which they respectively belong.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the respective District Meet- JJiftnct ^ ings shall annually, on or before the lad Tue/dayxn March, make up an exact

and regular Report, containing the Number of Persons liable in Pay- Accounts, mcnc of the Conversion hereby granted, and an Account of the whole and report Money received and expended on the Highways, Roads, Bridges, Qjays, annually. Ferries, and Piers, in each District, and the Work performed, and the Offences committed against this Act for the preceding Year within the District under their Directions respectively; and such Report, signed by the Such Report® Prefes and Clerk of the respective District Meetings, Hi ill be transmit- t*eclerk, ted by the said Clerk to the Clerk of the General Meeting, at least and trans-Eight Days before the General Meeting in every Year, and shall be en- mitted to the tered by the Clerk of the General Meeting in his Book, and laid before the

the Trustees at their said General Meeting; and in case of Failure, to Meeting> make and tranlmic such Reports, or in case of any such Report not who shall being satisfactory to the said General Meeting, either with regard to the enter the levying r applying of the Money hereby granted, the District so g^In u failing shall not receive any Portion of the Monies to be levied therein, ' in the fuccccding Year; but all such Monies shall be at the Disposal of o^aWnguf the General Meeting, and be applied in any other District as such Ge- repo:t. neral Meecing shall direct; and such General Meeting is hereby empowered todilpose of the fame accordingly, and for that Purpose to appoint Collectors for levying the fame, who shall have the like Power, ana be subjt-cc to the fame Regulations and Penalties as if appointed by the District Meeting.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Funds of any of the Power of aforesaid Districts, to the Amount of One Year’s Collection, shall remain aPPly‘ng unappropriated for the Space of Twelve Months after the respective j^Q^yrUte Times of Collection thereof, all such unappropriated Money (ha 11 be at

the Disposal of the Trustees, at their next General Annual Meeting.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the whole Conversion in the Conversion Pound Sterling of real Rent, shall, after Deduction of necessary Charges, be of Assessment paid, or accounted for by the General Meeting or Collector thereof, to how to be the District Collector, or any Person authorized by the Trustees of aPPie

the District Meetings respectively, to receive the same, and shall, with the Conversion or Commutation Money, leviable within the Districts respectively as aforesaid, be applied to the making and repairing, cleansing, widening, and extending the several Roads, Bridges, and Ferries; and in repairing the Streets, and improving Quays and Piers upon Public Ferries within their respective Districts; and for erecting Mile Scones and Guide Posts upon the Road within the Distrifls respectively, from and /n which the same shall be levied; and the Expenditure thereof shall be under the Management of the Trustees of the Districts respectively, in Manner directed by this Act.

XXXVII. And whereas great Inconvenience has been often experien- "fer-

ced for want of proper Powers to make new Roads, alter the Direction of who*

improper Roads, and to lhut up useless ones, Be it therefore enacted, shall report to

That a General Meeting.

2g6£ 4b0 GEORG 11 IIL Cdp. 105.

That it fiialJ be lawful to the said District Meetings, or to any Trustee thereof, to apply, by Petition, to any of the General County Meetings to be held in virtue of this Act, to have such Alterations made, which General Meeting (bail thereupon name a Committee of Five Trustees, Two being Jufbces of the Peace, along with a qualified Surveyor, whose Report shall be upon Oath, (which Oath any One such Justice is hereby empowered to adrriniffer), to inspect such Roads,’ and report their Opinion thereon, and shall order the Petition to be intimated Two Months before the Meeting of such Committee, to the Proprietors of the Grounds through which the Roads lead, or are intended to lead, if they reside in the County, or if they do not, to their Factors acting within the same, and also to the Possessors of such Lands, and determined by Advercisement at the Church Door of that and the next adjacent Parish Churches, on oifmifiing of the Congregation; and on a Report being made by such Meetin^ to Committee to the next General Meeting, such General Meeting shall hear alH’ar- f-earaH Parties, and may reject such Report, or may ordain any Road to lies. be made, or the Diiection of any Road to be altered, or any useless

Road to be shut up agreeable to such Report, with such Amendments or Alterations as they shall deem proper, provided that such G neral Metring shall be satisfied that such Alterations shall not be prejudicial to the Inrerefts of the County, and provided that such new Road, or altered Road, shall not be carried through any Lawn, Avenue, Garden, Orchard, Pleasure or Nursery Ground, adjoining to any Mansion-house, or within Four hundred Yards of such Mansion-house, and such General Meeting may direct Three of their Number, One being a Justice of the Peace, to fix the Line of Direction for the new or altered Highway, as directed by the General Meeting, and ascercain the Sum which shall be given as a Recompmcc by any Heritor receiving Benefit from such Road or Alteration, or by the County, to the Person or Persons lutfer-ing the Damage: It being hereby declared, That such new or altered Road shall not commence until the Sum to be so fixed as aforesaid shall be paid, or, in case of Refusal, consigned in the Bank of Scotland's Office at Inverness, or in the Office of any Chartered Bank there for the Time being, and a Receipt from the Agent of such Bank shall be sufficiene Proof of the Consignadon.

fewer to

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, purchase and they are hereby empowered to take and acquire, and all Bodies Politic, Lands. Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Heirs of Entail, Hnfbands, Trustees, Tutors, and Curators, and all and every

Per ton and Persons whatsoever, though under any legal Disability or Incapacity, are hereby empowered and required to sell and convey all such Land* or'Houses as may be necessary for the making, altering, or widening the said Roads, or any of them, or for lloring Materials or other, wile, where Ground is necessary for the Purposes of this Act.

For v lining;

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any such Owners or Occu-the Lands. piers (bail not be satisfied with the Offer made to them by the said Trustees or shall refuse to treat in any of thele Cafes, the Amount of the Value or Damages shall be ascertained by a Jury to be called by the Sheriff Depute of Inverness, or his Substitutes, who, upon Application, are hereby authorized and required to fumcnon a Number of discreecand substancial Persons, being Owners and Occupiers of Land, entitled to be Commissioners

48° GEORGII III. Gap. 105. *069

sioners of Supply Within the fil'd County, not less than Twenty twoirr Number, to come and appear before him or them at fitch Time and ^lace, as determined by their Warrant rind Precept shall be directed, Intimation of Ten Days being-given by the Tritflees of such Appointment' to the P-» if or Parties concerned, or to his, her, or cheir Agent, and the Number of Persons who shall attend, shall then be reduced to Eleven, by he Trhffees'and the Proprietor sinking off One alternately, beginning on the Part of the Proprietor, or in case both Parties shall fail to ipfleaf, determined by the Sheriff sinking off unfil the Number be so reduced, and t c remaining Eleven being duly fwofn, the Sheriff shall proceed fb ex*mine upon’

<£)ath, in their Presence, such Witnesses as shall be fimi monrd determined by either Party, and upon their Dcpofuion slnd other c vmpecenc Ev'd nce, such Jury shall determine the Value o'r Damages to be paid by the said Truf-rees , and their Verdi# shall be final and cohclusive to ail Parties, without any Power of Appeal, Review, or Suspension whatsoever: And the Sheriff shall thereupon order Payment to be made of the Sums awarded by the JuVy; and the O'wness arid Occupiers of the Grounds, or etsher Subject^, Or their Trustees, Tutors, Curators* or Admini-Ara'tors, upon Payment of lawful Tender thereof, shall quietly permic and suffer the Paid Trustees to take Possessnn of the Grounds or other Subjects, which they arc authorized to do, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Owners'or Occupiers had cxecuced regular Dispositions of the fame, and thereupon Infeoffmeuc had followed; and the said Proceedings and Orders of the Sheriffs Depute or their Substitutes shall be final, and not removable or questionable co or by any other Court whatsoever, any Law or Usage to end contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the Event that such Expences of Jury shall award a greater Compensation than the Trustees shall hare Jury, offered, but less than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers,

shall have required* the Expence of such Jury shall be defrayed and borne by the Trustees, and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally; but in Case the said Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum so required, or any greater Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Trustees; and on the other Hand, if the said Jury shall award the Sum offered by the said Trustee9, or a less Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided always that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by realou of Absence, be prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Cuffs andiExpences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees; Provided also, That after having offered to the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Houses, such Sum as the said Trustees1 shall think reasonable, ic shall and may be lawful for them co enter into and upon tuch Linds or Houses for the Pu-poses of this Acc, and no Stop shall in the mean Time be put to the Operations of the said Trustees, on pretence of feeding the said Damage, or that they have not been facts fied and paid,

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Re-investine awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, pur- Purchase S chafed,jate>-Or uled by virtue of the Powers of this Acc for the Mooi« if ^Purpos'cs thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life- a,"0Unting to

[Lgc, & Per.] 23 M rents.

2070

Jf lcfs than aocl. and exceeding 20I.

48° GEORGit Iti. Cap. 105.

tent?, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to anjr Corporation, Married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Seflinn, be, with all convenient Speed, paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland\ to the Intent that such Mcnev shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Aopfobation of the fdd Court, to be signified be an Order made upon £ Petition; to"be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands Tenements, or Heritages, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Taic, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authotixe to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages Handing lettled therewirti to the fame or like Liles, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Muncy shall not be so applied, then the fame lhad-be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation uf the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposis, and in che same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages which shall be so purchal'ed, laktn, or uftd as aforesaid, (food settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of* making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing undetermined, and capable of taking Effect j and in the mean Tune, and until such Purchase shall be made, the interest or Annual Produce of such Money shall, Irom time Co lime, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement, were made.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ifany Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be lei's than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Perf ms for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Cun-tors, in Case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, De paid into either of the Bonks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed* or otherwise the same shall be paid, at cite like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (f ch Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Intcrdl arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, as far as the Case be applicable.

15 j XLII I, Provided

*51 Xqo-

SI

"-"rh

'7

' < Luj r^tte

uAr;. '^Use Mtot, *ki Aa.

«s hi k1-4

~ 0 US

<^kb

tOfluci &3at, ilMo *«t or fuiby . IjtBc Lulls, nak

mtjfa Tinges jingo OtT IS nd Bull

:f fits e, :nuges Curs-uader t p*J wot is

«tedi

, T#»

tn«

r [Ml t ip

*r

0

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 105. 2071

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, Thar where such M '* y 20\. Oey* so agreed Or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in dl such Cases the fame dull be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Land>, Tenements, or Heritages fo‘ purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Acr, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Two or m >re of them shall think fit , or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his,' her, or their

Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Bene (it of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Pc-rfon or Persons to fn caf? of whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase not making of Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased by virtue of this, out rule.

Ad, shall refuse co accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good

Title to the PremiseSj to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of M ney fh dl be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank oi^Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to.the Credit,of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, (describing the m,) subject to the Order, Controui and Disposition of the Capri of Session which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons, making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition,

shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the lam . co be said out and inverted in the public Funds, and to order Dirtributinn thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according t > their respe:-tive Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or P. rf .-ns making claim thereunto, andro make such other Order in the P.apiifes, as to toe said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Ciihicr and Cuihiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and Ipc-cifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or arc received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money, into the Bank as aforesaid. t

XLV. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise, where o«ef-touohing the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the said t onsarife Banks, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tene- jcr*»i,g d.e ments, or Heritages, or of agy Estate, Right, or Incereft, in any lule* Tands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased in pursuance there-.of, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of fuvh Landsj Tenements, or Heritages, ac the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under che Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been law-.fully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, according to such Possession, until che contrary Hull be shewn co the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session i and such Money, and che Intcrcit thereof, ii) shall

2072

Expences in case of Disability.

Old Road to be sold.

General Surveyor of Roads may be appointed.

and may be removed on wpe Notice.

AlTt Ament for Indemni-fccation for

4fi° GEORGII III. Cap. 105.

shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful possession, and that fume other Perl'on or Prrlons was or were lawfully in titled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLVI. Provided always, and be irfurther enacted, That where by rea.

(on of any Disability or Incapacity of the Per!':) - or persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Ranks, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be settled to the like Uses in ptirfuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made irt pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLVII. And be it enacted, That in case the Course of any of the said Roads shall be altered as aforesaid, the said Trustees in cheir District Meetings, shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, as soon as the New Roads shall be completed and made passable an 1 convenient for Carriages, to fell the Ground of the Old or former Road to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Ground, through which the fame did pass, willing to purchase the fame for a fair and just Consideration; and in case such Proprietor and the Trustees of the District cannot agree, the Value of the Old Road shall be ascertained by a Jury, and the Expences of the Jury shall be defrayed in Manner above mentioned; and in the Event that any such Proprietor shall not choole to purchase the said Old Road, the said Trustees are hereby empowered to dlfpose of the fame by public Auction, and the Price or Pi ices to be got lor such Old Road shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XLVIII. And whereas from the Number of Roads and Bridges within the said County, it is expedient to have proper Persons appointed as General Surveyors and Superintendants thereof, Be it enacted, That it shall be competent to any General Meeting held on the Thirtieth Day of April yearly, to name and appoint such General Surveyors or Superintendants, wiih such Salaries as may be judged reasonable, to be paid by a general AC. fefTment over the whole Shire, which Surveyors or Superintendants shall be bound to attend to such Directions and Instructions as shall from Time to Time be given by the General Meeting, which General Meeting shall have Power to remove such Persons, and appoint others, as they shall deem fit; provided always, that before any such Nomination or Removal shall take place, due Intimation shall be given thereof in the In-vsrmjs Journal, or Edinburgh Newspaper, circulated in the said County, Six Months previous to such Nomination or Removal.

XLIX. And whereas the Powers vestrd in the Freeholders and Heritors for assessing Property for the Purpose of Indemnification for the Loss of Lands appropriated for the Use of the Public, by an Act of the Parliament

of

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 105. 2073

of Scotland, firing the , Second Parliament of Kind Charles the Second, Liss of intituled, " Act for repairing Highways and Bridges," is, from the Ll° s' increased Value of Lands very inadequate: Be it therefore enacted,

That it shall be in the Power of the Trustees hereby appointed, at any General Meeting for the Purpose of making any such Indemnification, to assess the County, if they shall see Canfe, in any Sum not exceeding Thirty Shillings Scott, on the One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent.

L. And be it enacted, That where any Ditches have been, or shall in Dltchej to he Time coming be made alongside of any of the Roads or Highways with - and

in the said County, where the adjacent Lan Is are arable, then the Pof- L feffors thereof shall be bound to keep those Ditches, and Water Courses leading from the same, properly scoured; and in case of their Failure so to do, when required by the Overseer of the said Roads, such Over-leer may, and he is hereby authorized to order the said Ditches robe cleaned and scoured at the Expence and Cost of the Occupiers or Pofil ffors of the Grounds through which those Ditches are made, and upon their refusing Payment of the Expences thereby incurred, it (hah and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace of the District, or any Two of them, upon the Application of the said Overseer for the Time being, jto grant Warrant for levying such Expences by Distress and Sale as aforesaid.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Overseer, or other Person Materials to authorized by the said Trustees, having first obtained Warrant for so betaken, doing under the Hands of Two or more Trustees of the said District, shall be, and he is hereby empowered to take out of any adjacent Lands, other than Gardens, Orchards, Piealure Grounds, and Planted Walks, or Grab Meadows, the necessary Materials for making and repairing the said Roads and Bridges, he being always bound to fill up and level the Pits or Holes thereby made, and co make Satisfaction to the Owner or Occupier of the Ground.

LII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it (h dl not Nonce tlierc-be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons, under the Au- of co be thority of this Act, to dig, gather, quarry, take, and carry away Mate- g'*'"-rials for making and repairing the said Roads, from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, until either the Consent of the Proprietor is obtained, or,

Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises, from which stich Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of RefiJence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or Two Justices of the Peace, ailing for the County of Inverness, to Ihcw cause why such Materials should not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the Liu I rustees, or any Three or more of them, or such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor, or other Person to di» gather, quarry, take and carry away'such Materials, at such Price or Prices, as to such Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or to such Justices shall seem proper , and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself, or his Agent, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein [Lee. Is Per.] 23 N as

2074

Damages to be ascertained by a Jury.

Power toalter the Course of Rivulets.

No Stones or Rubbish to be laid on the Roads.

Horses, Sec. notto be allowed to run Joofe.

48® GEOfLGII III/ Cap. 10,'.

is they dial] think fit, as fully and efftflually, to all Intents and Purpose, as if fuel> Occupier or his Agent had attended.

LIII. And be it enacted, That in all Cafes where the Owners and Occupiers of Houses and Grounds do not agree with the Trustees concerning the Amount of Damages done, by digging Gravel and other Materials necessary to be taken for the making and repairing the said Roads, the same shall be determined by a Jury, in Manner herein before mentioned; but such Differences between the Trustees and Owners or Occupiers, shall not in the mean Time hinder the proceeding with the carrying off and using any Gravel, Stones, Sand, or other Materials, and applying the same towards making and repairing the said Roads; and the Determination of the said Jury is hereby declared to be final.

LIV. And be it enacted, That upon obtaining Warrant as above mentioned, it shall be in the Power of the above Overseer, or other Person aforesaid, to turn the Course of any Rivulet, or any other running Water, off from the said Hoads, reserving to the Proprietor of such Water, or any other Person injured by the turning thereof, to carry ic across and under the Road by means of a substancial Arch of Stone and Lime, to the Satisfaction of the Trustees of the District, and for so doing the y shall allow him such reasonable Sum as can be agreed upon, or as any Two Justices of the Peace aforesaid shall direct; and in like Manner it shall be competent to the Overseers, or other Person, in Manner aforesaid, having Warrant from the Justices'aforesaid, or any Two of them, to cut at a proper Season of the Year, and remove any Trees, or Branches of Trees, growing or planted within Three Feet of any of the said Roads, reserving always the Use of such Trees and Branches so cut to the Owner or Owners of the same.

LV. And be it further enacted, That no Person fit all lay, or cause to be laid, any Timber, Stone, Lime, Peats, Dung, Soil, Compost, Allies, or other Materials, on any of the aforesaid Roads, Highways, or Bridges; or shall cut or carry away any of the Materials forming the fame; or turn or dam Water thereon; or shall allow or lay any dead Horses, or other Carrion upon or within Ten Yards of the said Roads, or commit any Nuisance whatever thereon; and any Person or Persons so of fending, shall forfeit the Sum of One Pound Sterling for each Offence, btfkles Charges, to be levied and recovered in the same Manner as the Conversion hereby granted, the One Half thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to be applied for making and repairing the Roads and Bridges within the District; and in case it shall not appear who laid down the said Materials, or committed such Nuisance, that the Possessors or Occupiers of the Ground next adjacent, for the Time in which the same shall have been laid down and committed, neglecting and refusing to remove such Nuilance, after Twenty-four Hours’ Notice in writing given for the Purpose, under the Hand of the said Overseer, shall be deemed and held, jointly and severally, to be the Persons guilty thereof.

LVI. And be it enacted, That if any Horses, Mules, AITcs, Cattle, Pigs; or Swine, shall be permitted to run loolc on the said Roads, or shall be tethered on them, or on the Sides of the said Roads, they shall be deemed

a Nuisance j

207

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 105.

a Nuisance; and if any Driver shall (it on his Carl, or allow his Horses to go, without holding a Rein attached to them; or if the Drivers of any Carriage, when meeting another on the Road, shall not drive to the lett, the Owner of any such Horse, and every such Driver, shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding One Pound Sterling for each O(fence, beftdes Charges, to be recovered as aforesaid.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall plough any Penalty for Field contiguous to any of the Roads, without making Head Ridges along deliroying the Sides of the Roads, of the Breadth of ten Feet ai leaf!; or shall draw or Road‘' haul upon any Part of the Highways and Bridges, any Tree, Log, or p i S-Piece of Timber, or any Stone, or other Thing whatsoever, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage; or shall ereil any Gate across the said Roads, every Person shall, for every such offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding One Pound Sterling, to be recovered as aforesaid.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall hereafter be at No House to Liberty toerefl Houses, or other Buildings, within Twenty Feet from the be built with-Centre of the Road, except within the Royal Burgh of Inverness, and VII- Sl* Feet, lagcsm the County, otherwaysany Two Trustees may order thefime, upon »°jhn/Fotir One Month’s Notice to the Occupier, to be pulled down, and fine the Dc- Feet of the faulters, in a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, beftdes Charges, to be Koa<). levied as aforesaid.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may cause the Road; to be said Roads to be measured, and Mile Stones and Guide Polls to be erected measured, at d thereon, as near the Sides thereof as they may judge convenient; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, destroy, damage, pull down, Sion,'to be or remove any such Stones or Ports, or obliterate or deface any Letters erected. or Figures that shall be inscribed or put thereon; or shall injure or deface any Part of the Stones in the Bridges on the said Roads, or the Parapets of the fame, and shall be thereof convicted by the Confession of the Party offending, or the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Inverness, or where the Offender shall reside, such Person or Persons lo offending shall respectively forfeit and pay any Sum noc exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling for every such Offence; and it shall be competent for the Trustees to grant any Reward t.icy may deem expedient for discovering the Person or Persons guilty of such Offence; which Reward shall be paid from che Di.trict Fund.

LX. And be it further enacted, That for the more speedily making and lyre pairing the said Roads, or any particular Part of the fame, the° said borrowM^ Trustees shall have Power, and they are hereby impowered, in District ney and ai-Meetings, assembled upon the Credit of the Assessment hereby granted r'8n ,he on the Pound Sterling of real Rent leviable out of the District, or out of &c" any Part thereof, from Time to Time to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money, the legal Interest whereof shall not exceed One-fourth of the Amount of the said Assessment which shall be levied from the said District; and to align over the said Assessment, or whatever Part thereof may be necessary, for paying dr extinguishing the several Sums of Money,

Principal and Interest, which shall be borrowed; and Copies of such Alignments, or Abstracts thereof, shall be entered in a Book to be kept 10 for

2076

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 105.

for that Purpose by the Clerk of the Trustees: and which Alignments shall be transferable, by Indorsements on the Back thereof, or on a Paper apart j and the Money so borrowed shall be applied in the same Manner only as the Monies levied in such Districts are hereby directed to be applied.

Intimation of

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Insertion of the said Alignments, Alignments, Transferences, or Indorf meutsthcreof in the aforesaid Book, shall superiede and render unneceffiry any Intimation thereof to those liable in the Payment thereof; and such Assignments, Transferences, or Indorsements thereof, when so inferced, shall be as good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Rule of Intimation requisite in such Cases by the Law of Scotland had been followed out.

After Assign- LXI I. Provided always, and be it enacted, That after any f >ch Alignment Atiefi- menC or Alignments shall have been granted, it shall not be in the P iwer betefened! Tru^ees to Icffen the Duty within such District or Distrirts, until the

Money so borrowed shall be repaid, and the Alignments discharged.

Power to re-

LXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case of any Hidden Damage Cn Damage being done to the Roads, Bridges, or Drains in the said County aR1 which may require an immediate Support and Repair, and the fame being

reported to any One Trustee of the District within which such Accident shall have happened, it shall be incumbenpon him immediately, and he is hereby authorized and required to call a Meeting of the Trustees of the said District residentat the Time within the same; and at the said Meeting, which shall be held at least Six Days after such Intimation, Orders shall be forthwith given to repair such Damage from the general Funds of the District; and until such Repairs shall be made, it shall be incumbent on the Trustees of such Districts to place lubftancial Bars at the Entries of such Breaches, and to cause the same to be upheld from Time to Time, until such Roads 2nd Bridges shall be properly repaired; and in case of Failure thereof, it shall be competent for the Sheriff Depute, or Substitute of the County, or any Justice of Peace thereof, to ord:r such Operations and Repairs to be executed, and to charge the Expence per-lonally against the whole Trustees of the said District, conjunctly and severally, as above directed, upon an Application by summary Petition, in the Name of the Procurator Fiscal of the Sheriff’s or Justice of Peace Court, to the said Sheriff Depute, or Substitute, or any of the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County; such Expectes after being ascertained by the Sheriff or Justices of the Peace shall be recoverable, in the fame summary Way as the Assessments under this Act are recoverable; and the Jmgment or Judgments to be pronounced upon such Petition shall not be liable to Reduction or Advocation, or Sufpcn-fion; and no Relief shall be competent to the Trustee or Trustees making such Payment, against the general Funds of the County, or particular District?.

Mede of re-

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Forfeitures and Penalties by covering this Act inflicted, or authorized to be impofet), in relation to any Matter or Forfeitures. Thing in this Act contained, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not otherwise particularly directed, shall, upon Proof of the Offence before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the Shire or

Place

3077

48° GEORGII III. . Cap. 105.

Place where the same shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party, or other legal Evidence, be levied by Distress and Sale in Manner above directed, and shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall con- Perfom ag. fider hinrfclf, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order, Procedure, grieved may Sentence, or Judgment of the said Trustees or Juices of the Peace, appeal to with respect to any of the Matters or Things by this Act referred to their Determination, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons, within Six Months, but not afterwards, to appeal for Redress to the J‘.idices of the Peace of the said County, at their General Quarter Sc (lions, who are hereby authorized to hear and determine the Matter in Dispute.

LXVI. Provided always, That it shall be no Objection to any Person aft- NoObjeaion ing as a Justice of Peace, in any Matter or Thing relative to this Acr, that to a Justice he is thereby appointed, or has officiated as a Trudee, excepting in such beill8a Ifaf-Cafes only in which he shall be personally intereded.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Appeal consider himfrlf, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Sentence or Judg- Pom the ment of the said General Quarter Sessions, or of the Sheriff Depute, or QtprterSef-Substitute, in any Matter relative to this Act, it shall be lawful to and c.acJ-aLhC for such Person or Persons to appeal for Redress to the then next Circuit Court.

Court of Judiciary to be holden at Inverness; and the said Circuit Court of Judiciary is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter in Dispute, in such and in the like Manner, and subject to such and the like Regulations as are specified and described in the Act passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for taking away and abolishing the heritable " Jurisdictions in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for " making Satisfaction to the Proprietors thereof, and for redoring such " Jurisdiction to the Crown; and for making more effectual Provision " for the Administration of Jtidice throughout that Part of the United " Kingdom, by the King’s Court and Judges there; and for obliging " all Persons acting as Procurators, Writers, or Agents in the Law of " Scotland to take the Oaths, and for rendering the Union of the Two " Kingdoms more complete," with respect to the Appeals of the Circuit Courts of Judiciary therein mentioned.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all general Meetings of the prefcs to Trudecs, or Meetings of Didrifts, in case ofan Equality of Number, the have a cart-Prefes shall have Two Votes, but otherwise he shall only be entitled to ‘"g Vote. One Vote.

LXIX. And be it enacted, That so far as the unapplied Funds of all or Former any of the said Didrifts shall not be sufficient to discharge the Sums expend- Debts coned before the paffrng of this Act, by authority of General or District Meet- tracted to bs ings of the Trustees, in making and repairing Roads and Bridges, then, P1"1, and in such Case, such Sums shall be paid out of the Assessments granted by this Act, which shall be levied in the District in which the Money shall have been expended, in Terms of the Covenants and Agreements under which such Expenditures were made.

[Lee. 6? Per.] 23 0

2078

Limitation 0 Actions,

Commencement of Assessment.

Commencement of the Act.

Public Afl.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 105.

LXX. And be it enacted, That the AITeffment hereby granted upon the Pound Sterling of real Rent shall be applied by the said Traders, in the first Place, to defray and pay the Charges of obtaining and pading this Act, and afterwards wholly and solely to the Uses and Purposes before mentioned, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

f LXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Actions and Complaints for all and any of the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act and for any Wrong or Injury committed or differed in any Matter relative to, or in consequence of any of the Powers of this Act given and granted, shall be commenced within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months after the Penalties or Forfeitures are incurred, or Wrong done, or Injury differed; and that no Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this Act, shall be exigible, unless the same shall be sued for within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months aforesaid.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the aforesaid Conversion, or Commutation and Assesstnent, by this Act granted shall take place from and after the passing thereof.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence from the passing thereof, and shall continue for and during the Space of Twenty-one Years thereafter, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LXXIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Primers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

SS GEORGII III. REGIS.

.".'.1 jjlrjrjq t 5(j

Cap. 106.

= An Act to continue Two Acts of the Parliament of

uhak, Ireland, for the Improvement of the Harbour of

Drogheda. £i8th June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Parliament of Ireland, in Ad 30 Geo. the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, 3.0.39. intituled, An Act for the Improvement of the Port and (IrelaD<*.) Harbour of Drogheda, and the better Regulation of the Police of said 'Town: And whereas One other Act was-made in the Parliament of Ire- _ Geo land, in the Thirty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inti- 3< C°c tuled An Act to amend an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His (Ireland.) present Majesty s Reign intituled ‘ An Act for the Improvement of the Port and Harbour of Drogheda, and the better Regulation of the Police of said Town:' And whereas the Tonnage Duties levied and received under the said recited Acts will soon expire; and the Works of the said Pore and Harbour cannot be maintained unless the said Acts, so far as relate to the said Port and Harbour, are further continued: May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lo ds Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thac the said recited Acts, so ?*rtof A«s far as the fame respect the Improvement of the Port and Harbour of PerP«-Drogheda, and the levying and collecting the Duties of Tonnage on [Loc. {ff Per.} 23 P Ships

2082

Paying Expences of paf sing the Act

[Public Act.]

Continuance.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 106.

Ships and Vessels entering the same shall be, and the same are hereby further continued during the Period hereinafter mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners acting under the said recited Acts, or any Seven of them, shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to draw on their Treasurer for such Sum or Sums of Money as may be necessary to defray the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act; and the said Treasurer shall be, and he is hereby empowered to pay the fame out of the Funds arising from the Tonnage Rates, and Duties levied, or to be levied in pursuance of the said Acts, and this Act, which shall be allowed in his Accounts.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taker, to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts and this Act shall continue in Force for One Year, and until the Er.d of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strakan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 107.

An Act for enabling the Justices of the Peace for the Eastern Division of the County of Sussex} to take down the present Shire Hall or Sessions House in the Town of Lewes, and for enabling them to build another Shire Hall or Sessions House in a more convenient Situation within the said Town.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Shire Hall or Sessions House in the Town an.l Borough of Lewes, in the County of Sussex, wherein the Summer Affixes for the said County, and also the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the Eastern Part of the said County are holden, and which is maintained and kept at the Charge and Expence of the Eastern Part of the said County of Sussex, out of the County Rates levied within the lame, is from its Smallness, and from the Situation in which the fame is placed, extremely incommodious and inconvenient for the carrying on the Business of the said County, and it would be highly conducive to the Convenience of the Judges, the Magistrates, Jurors, and all Persons retorting to, and having Business to tranlafl in the said several Courts of Justice, if the fame Shire Hall or Sessions House were taken down, and a new Shire Hdl or Sessions House with proper Offices and Accommodations were built in lieu thereof, in a mure convenient and eligible Situation, and within the said Town and Borough of Lewes-, and it would tend greatly \Loc.& Per.] 11 ijj, to

2086

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

to the Accommodation of the Public, if the Scite of the said present Shire Hail or Sessions House were to be made and form a Part of the Highway in the Street in which the fame is situate: And whereas it will be necessary to make a Purchase or Purchases of Ground, Houses, Buildings, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and to raise a considerable Sum of Money for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid; may it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by judices to act the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the of Commipre Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sussex for the Time being, and fionei s; resident within the Eastern Division thereof, or any Three or more of them, to erect, build, maintain and supporr, or cause to be creeled, built, maintained and supported, a new Shire Hall and Sessions House for the said County of Sussex, within the said Town and Borough of Lewes, and to carry the several other Purposes of this Act into Execution; and they or any Three or more of them are hereby authorized to cause che said Shire Hail who are to and Sessions House in the said Town and Borough of Lewes^ and the Offices presentsclilol's or other Buildings thereunto belonging, to be tokeu down, and to use Home, and to and employ such Part of the Materials as shall be demand proper in budding MAtcriah!*thC new Shire Hall and Sessions House herein-after directed to be built, or to sell and dispose of the said Materials as they now (land, or when taken down, or of such Part of the same as shall not be made uleof in such new Shire Hall or Sessions House, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to purchase the fame, either together or separately, and to make Contracts and Agreements with any Person or Persons for all or any of the Purposes The Scite of aforesaid; and when the said present Shire Hall or Sessions House, with the Offices and other Buildings thereunto belonging shall be taken down, and all the said Materials shall be removed, the Scite thereof from thenceforth the Public- shall be deemed a Parc of the Highway in the Street in which the fame is situate, and be used and considered as such to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

s House

Bodiet Politii &c. enabled I fell, &c.

II. And it is further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, or any Three or more of them, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, to contract lor and purchase, or to authorize one or more PerLn or Persons on their Behalf to contract for and purchase the Freehold, Fee Simple, and Inheritance of such One or more Piece or Pieces cf Ground, whether built upon or not, being within the Town and Borough of Lewes aforesaid, as they che said Justices or any Three or more of them shall adjudge to be a convenient Scite for a new Shire Hall and Sessions House for the said County; and such Piece or Pieces of Ground and Hereditaments when purchased shall be conveyed to the Use of the Justices of the Peace of, and for the said County of Sussex for the Time being, in Trust fer the Service and Benefit of the Lid County, in Manner herein-after mentioned: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to empower the said Justices, or any Three or more of them, to purchase any greater Quantity of Land for the Purposes of this Act than Two Acres.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for all 5 Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years

? determinable

2087

48® GEORGII HI. Cap. 107.

determinable on any Life or Lives; and all Feoffees in Trust, Executory Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees of Lunatics and Idiots, and all other Trustees whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of thern-selves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for, and on Behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn. Femes Coverc, Lunatics,

Idiots, or other Person or Personswhomsoever, and to and for all Femes Coverc whoareor shall befeifed, poffdfed of, orinanywifeincerested in their own Right, and to and for all, and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be feil'ed, poffdfed of, or in anyways interested in any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Parc thereof, which shall be thought necessary by the said Justices, or any Three or more of them, to be purchased for the several Purposes of this Act, to treat, contrail and agree wirh the said Justices, or any Three or more of them so assembled as aforesaid for the Sale thereof, or for any Part thereof, and to sell and convey all or any Part thereof, and all Estate, Right, Title and Interest whatsoever of, in, and to the lame to the said Justices, or any Three or mere of them for the Purposes of this Ailj and all Contracts, Agree- Aii

C< ntracti

ments. Bargains, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made by virtue valid, and in pursuance of this Act, shall without any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries, or other Conveyances or Assurances in the Law whatsoever, be good, valid, and effectual to all Inrents and Purposes, not only to convey the Eftace and Interest of the Prfop and Persons conveying, but also to convey all Righr, Estate, Imereil, Life, Properry. Ciairn, and Demand whatsoever of their laid several and respective Cestuique Trusts, and all Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim by, from, or under them, and of all Persons entitled in Remainder or Reversion expedlanton any such particular Estate, and the same shall be deemed and considered to bar the Dower and Dowers of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tad, and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding; and all and every such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustee?, ire. Corporation Aggregate or Sole, and all Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail indemnified. General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives; and all Feoffees in Trust, Husbands, Trustees, Executors, Administrators,

Guardians, Committees, and all other Persons, shall be, and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act.

IV. And whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Pajtics r<?-Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act made in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William rrent, *c. juf-the Third, intituled ‘ An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to build and repair ‘ Gaols in their respective Counties, and for other Purposes therein mentioned for impend. H;s Majesty's Justices of the Peace are enabled to purchase Lands, Tcne- !,1» a Jur* ments or Hereditaments for the building and improving Gaols, but are not enabled to purchase Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments for building Court Houses: And whereas it would be convenient to build such new Shire Hall or Sessions House, with proper Offices and Accommodations thereto, in or near the Centre of the High Street of, and luuate within the said Town and Borough of Lewes, and for such Purpose and for the making 1 he necessary Approaches thereto, it wiil be necessary to make Use of certain Mtifuages or Tenements, Piece or Pieces of Ground, Buildings or other Hereditaments, che Property of the Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Chichester, Thomas Ucdson, Thomas Weston, William Miles, Arthur 1 Brooky

2088

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

-Brook, and William Marten, and now or late in the several Occupations of the said Thomas Hodfoit, William Miles, and Thomas V/ston, also of 'Jeremiah Dodjoiiy William English, Berrariero Domingus, John Goldsmith, Thomas Bigg, Edward Richardson,andoit\\cfc\d Arthur Brook axidWtlliam Marten, feme or One of them, their or some or one of their Undertenants, all which Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments are ficuate in the Parishes of Saint Michael and Saint John in the Borough of Lewes aforesaid, one or other of them; be it therefore enacted, that in case the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, Proprietor or Proprietors of any of the said several Pieces of Land with the Buildings thereon (upon Notice to him, her, or them to be given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons) shall for the Space of Fourteen Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse, or be incapa-If Parties shall ble by reason of Infancy or otherwise to trear, or shall not agree with the JomrJnce* toC said Justices or any Three or more of them, or with any Person or Persons be ascertained authorized by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of his, her, and their re-byajury. spective Estates and Interests therein, then, and in every such Case the said Justices shall cause the Value of the Effaces respectively to be inquired into and ascertained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County of SuJJeat, not having or occupying Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments within the Eaffem Division thereof; and in order thereto the Sheriff of the said County, upon the Requisition of the said Justices, or any Three or more of them, is hereby empowered and required from Time to Time as Occasion shall be, toimpannel and summon such Jury, and to call before them and examine upon Oath all and every Person and Persons whomsoc-ver who shall be thought: necessary or proper to be examined concerning the PremilVs, which Oath the said Sheriff is hereby empowered to administer, and such Sheriff shall, by ordering a View cr otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means as well for his own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have inquired of and assessed such Value and Recompence, he the said Sheriff shall thereupon adjudge the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Persons, according to the Verdict of such Jury, which said

V. rdict shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes against all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate; and all and every Person and Persons claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust. Use or Interest into, or out of the said Lands. Tenements and Hereditaments in Possessmn. Remainder, Rcvtrfion or Expectancy, as welllnfants as Iffuc unborn, Lunatics. Idiots and Femes Covert, and Persons under any other Durability or Incapacity, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, and all other Parties and Persons whomsoever; and for summon-ing and returning such Juries, the Sheriff is hereby empowered to issue his Warrant or Warrants, Process or Proccffes, for the impannelling and calling together an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Men of the said County, buc not being in the Comnuffton of the Peace, nor having or occupying Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments within the said Eastern Division, to appear before him at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants, Process or Processes shall be appointed, who are hereby commanded to appear thereto accordingly; and out of the Persons so summoned, impannelled and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Sheriff shall, and he is hereby empowered and required to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Men, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a fuflicienc Number of Jurymen, the

fad

2089

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

said Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies shall return other honest and indifferent Men, not being in the Commission of the Peace, nor having nor occupying Lands, Tythes, Tenements or Hereditaments within the Laid Eat'-tern Division of the County aforesaid, either of the Standers-by or who speedily can be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve, and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges again!! any of the Paid Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Sheriff shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and shall not appear, or who (full refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn shall refuse to give or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury, shall refuse or negletft to appear, or appearing shall refute to be examined or to give Evidence; and which Fine or Fines shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any one Person, and shall be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels by Warrant 01 Warrants under the Hands and Seals of any Two or more of such Justices, and shall be applied towards the Purposes of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to give to the said Justices a Power to compel the Owners or Proprietors of any of the Premises herein-before particularly described, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, to fell, dispose, or part with the fame, unless Notice of such Intention and a Demand to treat for the same shall have been made by the several Justices or any Three or more of them, and delivered to such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or left at his Place of Abode as herein-before is directed, within the Space of Twenty-four Calendar Months from the Time of the passing of this Act; any Thing herein contained tu the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Verdicts and Judgments verdicts to be shall be let down in Writing under the Hand and Seal of the said Sheriff me* of the acting in the Premises, and shall be delivered to the Clerk of the Peace for Peace, the County of Sussex, and be kept amongst the Records and Writings of the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County; and the fame, or true Copies thereof, signed by the Clerk of the Peace of the said County for the Time being, shall be taken, adjudged, and deemed good and sufficient Evidence and Proof in any Court uf Law or Equity whatsoever; and all Persons (had and may have Recourse to the lame, and may take Copies thereof, upon paying to such Clerk of the Peace after the Rate of Four-pence for every Seventy-two Words for writing the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in each and every Cafe where a Evened of Verdict shall be given for more Money fur the abfuluce Sale of any 'vjtneb<r" Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments belonging to any Body or Bo- to be pad.0" dies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Person or Persons whatsoever, than had been previously offered by, or on Behalf of the said Justices or any Three or more of them, or where by reason of Absence in Foreign Countries or other Impediment or Dilabtlity as aforesaid, there shall not be found any Person or Persons who may be legally capacitated to enter into a Contract with, and make Conveyances to, and receive Compensation from the said Justices or any Three or more of them as herein-

2^9°

48° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 107.

before mentioned, then, and in all such Cases, all the Expences of summoning such Jury and taking such Verdict shall be defrayed by the said Justices, but if any Verdict shall be given for die fame, ora Ids Sum than had been previously offered by, or on Behalf of the said Justices or any Three or more of them, or in case of such Refusal or Neglect to enter into Treaty with, or make Conveyances to, or receive Compensation from the said Justices or any Three or more of them, or other Person or Persons acting by, or on iheir Beha’f, by any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, or are by the Provisions of this Act or otherwise legally capacitated to treat and convey, or receive such Compensation as aforesaid, then, and in all such Cases the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury and taking such Verdict shall be borne and paid by the Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons with whom the said Justices or any Three or more of them shall have such Concerns, Controversies or Disputes, which laid Costs and Expences having been so settled, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed, and adjudged as lo much Money advanced to, and for the Use of such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Persons as aforesaid, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums of Money, or depositing the fame in the Bank of England in Manner by this Act directed, as the Case may be, fh til be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged.

On paying the

VII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Money so fobTvdiSah! a°ree£i to be Paid or assessed as aforesaid, or upon Tender thereof to the the Joitices. Party or Parties entitled thereto, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, or upon depositing the fame in the Bank of England, in Manner by this Act directed, as the Case may be, the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in reipecl whereof such Money shall have been so paid, tendered cr deposited. and the whole and every Part thereof shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the Justices of the Peace of, and for the said County of SuJJ'ex for the Time being, for the Purpose of building a new Shire Hall and Sdftons House, and such other Conveniencies and Accommodations as may ba necessary or proper, who shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Poss.-flion thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, freed and discharged from all former and other Estates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims and Demands whatsoever.

Application of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or

whcnPamoam- assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased, i/ig to zoo 1. taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, which shall belong to any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggrc-ga!e or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, Femes Covert or other incapacitated Person or Persons, such Money shall if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Accounts parte the Justices of the Peace for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be paid under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified determined by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a 1'umniary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rems and Profits of the said Lands, Te-J nemenis

2091

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

nements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax or DilUiarge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affebting the fame Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or affebting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments Handing settled to the fame, or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall nut be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid. Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exirting, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the Meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant Grneral in his Name in the Purchase of Three per Centum Consolidated, or Three per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities r and in the Meantime and until the Lid Bank Annuiries shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold lor the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Confuhdated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Courr, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been ent.tled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments lb hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided, always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money fa Application agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments w|l,n the . purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any i, Mahan'0 Body Politic, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Ir.capa- soot, and excity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and "*'ts >ol‘ shall be equal to, or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cafes the lame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-berore directed, or otherwise the same shall be pda, at the like Option, to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Lid Justices for executing this Abt (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such P. incipal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court ot Chancery.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so Application agreed or assessed to be paid as herein before mentioned, shall be lets than whtP Mo-Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Caies the same shall be applied to aoyt., S *efstha" the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been

entitled

2092

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken or ufid for the Purposes of this Act, in fitch Manner as the said Justices or any Threeor nioreof them shall think fir, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufc and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of not

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to

Titles5 °UC whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded or afiefled for any

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the SatisL&ion of the said Justices, or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded or afielTed as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Justices to order the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded or afiefled as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments \describing ibem\ subject to the Order, Controul, and Dif-position of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is berth powered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or other wise as to the a.; Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted ir. Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or 1 ur-rests of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make h<. other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem jult and realor able-, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and Specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforesaid.

persons in

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any PoiieiTmn shall Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any entftled'mTlefi Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Pri-the contrary vity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of be shewn. this for t>ie purchase of any LaridSjTenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, ot Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and difpufed of accordingly, unless it (bail

be

aogj

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

be made appear to the IVid Court that such Pofilffion was a wrongful Pofftfli >n, and thar feme o her Pei foil or Persons was or were I iwfully entitled to such Laud', Tenements, or Hc;ed.laments, or to some Estate ur Intcred therein.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by re a fun of o/1/^cruJtf(^7 any Disability or 1 icapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation end- ar,ic Expfnrc3 tied to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased under

the Authority (f this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be re- justicwT' qui ed to be p id into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or fj much of such Expences cs the Court (halt deem reasonable, together with the necefla y Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Justices, who shall from Time ro Time pay such Sums of Money for such Pu pcfts as the said Court shall direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That when such Piece or Pieces cf JnMccsmsy

Ground shall be purchased by the said Justices in Manner aforesaid, ic dull Building^on and may be Lw ul for the said Justices or any Three or mote of them, to such irucc of cause any House or Houses or other Buildings on such Piece or Pieces of lheyU(ha]?pur-Ground to be taken down, and to fell or otherwise dispose of the Materials ci.afe to be of such Houses or other Buildings respectively, and to apply any Money ’

arising from such S lie towards defraying the Expences of executing this Shire H.nl and Act-, and further to cause anew Shire Hall or Sessions House, with all

proper and nectfLry Apartments, Offices, and Buildings to be erected on such Piece or Pieces of Ground to the Use of the said County of Sussex, end for other good and nec'-fiary Purposes for the better Performance of the King’s Service in the said County, and other the Purposes herein-after mentioned, as also to fit up and provide with all necessary Accommodation* the fame Shire Hall and Sessions House in a suitable Manner, and to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the building, fitting up, and providing with all necessary Accommodations such new Shire Hall or Sessions House, as to them the said Justices or any Three or more of them shall from Time to Time seem meet.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for pOWerto refeil the said Justices or any Three or more of them to fell, dispose of, and by »r let any Indenture or Indentures under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Groumfto be Seals of any Three or more of them, to grant and convey* by Way of abfo- purchased lute Sale in Fee Simple, far a ConfHeration or Considerations in Money, or j!*j£h n’a* "ot to demifeor let all or any Part or Pads of the said Lands, Tenements, or the p,rposes°r Hereditaments which may have been purchased in pursuance of this Act, ofth»5 Adas shall in the Judgement of the said Justices or any Three or more of them

not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and upon Payment of the Purchase Money for such Lands^ Tenen ents, or Hereditaments, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer of the said County acting within the E-stern Division thereof, or Clerk of the Peace of the said County, to sign and give Receipts for such Money, which Receipts shall be a full and sufficient Discharge to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for the Purchase Money for which such' Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be fold, or which shall arise from the letting the fame or any Part thereof, or for so [Loc. PerS] 23 S much

2094-

Monies to be applisd in aid of Act.

New ShiicHall and sessions House to be repaired when built, out of the County Rate.

Money to be raised for the Purposes of

48° GEORGII lit Cap. 107.

much thereof as shall in such Receipt or Receipts be expressed or acknowledged to be received; and Inch Person or Persons shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Losses, M'iapplication or Non-application of such Purchase or other Money, or any Part thereof; and the Monies arising: from the Sale of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or from the letting the lame or any Part thereof as aforesaid, shall be applitd and disposed of by ihesaid Justices or any Three or more of them, in paving and defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expellees of carrying che several Purposes of this Act into Execution.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when the said new Shire Hall and Sessions House shall be built, fitted up, and finished, the same shall be forever ?f;er repaired, supponed, maintained, provided with proper Accommodations, and insured from Fire, as Occasion shall require, at the Expence and Charge of the said Eastern Division of the said County of Sussex, by the Order of the Justices of the Peace for the said Eastern Di vision of the said County, from Time to Time, by and out of the Monies to be raised by the General Rate and Assessment which for the Time being shall be made, assessed, and levied in, and upon the said Eastern Part of the said County, by force of the Statute of the Twelfth of George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more easy ajpjfing, colleclin?, [and levying of County Pates, in the same Manner as the said Act appoints in respect to public Buildings of Counties ingeneial, or of any other Statute hereafter to be made for the affcfiing, collecting, and levying of Rates for the said County in rTpetft of public Buildings; and any Tax or Taxes, Rates or Assessments, which shall be payable for or in respeift of the said new Shire Hall or S<fIions House, shall be paid by the said Treasur r acting within the said Eastern Divisi jn of the said County of Sussex, out of the said General Rare or Afftflmenc to be made, afftfled, ana levied in and upon the said Eastern Division of the said County j and that such Tax and Taxes, Ra es and Assessments, may be recovered of and from the said Treasurer in like Manner as from any other Person liable to pay the same.

XVII. And, f;r the raising of Money for the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That the said Justices or any Three or more of ihem shall and may, from Time to Time as often as shall be nectffuy, raise and levy, and cause to be raised and levied, one or more Rate or Assessment, Rates or AILffments, upon all and every the Boroughs, Towns Corporate, and Cinque Ports, and Members thereof, Liberties, FfancKIfes, Parishes, Town-Blips, and other Places within the said Eastern Division of the said County of Suffiex, which said Rate or Assessment, Rates or Assessments, shall be laid and olEA" d upon every such Borough, Town Corporate, Cinque Port, and Member thereof, Liberty, Franchise, Parish, Township, and Place within the said Eastern Division of the said County, in such Proportions as the Rentals or Valuations, according to which the Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments in the said Boroughs, Towns Corporate and Cinque Ports, and Members thereof. Liberties, Franchises, Parishes, Townships, and Places noware or hereafter may be charged to the Tax, commonly called the Prope rty Tax, under and by virtue of an Act, intituled, An sift for granting to His Majesty, during the present War, and until the Sixth Day of April next after the Ratification of any Definitive Treaty of Peace, further additional Rates and Duties in Great Britain, on Profits arising from Property, Pr (/efforts, Trades and Offices; and for repealing an Act pc.fifed in the

5 Forty.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. i«7.

Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for granting a Contribution on the Profits arising from Property, Profrffions^Trades^aniOffices\ and to consolidate and render more effectual the Provfions for co He fling the said Duties *, or any fjbfequenc Ad to be passed for the Purpose of imposing a Duty upon Property or Income respectively bear to each other, and that the several and respective Sum or Sums of Money so to be a defied upon each and every such Borough, Town Corporate, and Cinque Port, and Member thereof. Liberty, Franchise, Panlh, Township, or Place within the said Eastern Division of the said County shall and may be collected by the High Constable or High C >nft.ibles of the respective Hundreds and D.finds within the said Eafiem Division of the said County, as far as respects chat Pait of the Eafiern Division of the said County, not wichin the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports, and as far as respects that Part of the said Esftern Division lying within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports, by the proper Officer or Officers to be duly appointed for thacPurpose, by the respective Mayors, Bailiffs, or other Magistrates acting within the same, and which said Officer or Officers, they the said Mayors, Bailiffs, or other Magistrates, and every or any of them, are respectively authorized and requi ed to appoint accordingly, and by him and them respectively accounted for and paid over to the Treasurer < f the said County acting within the said Eafiern Division thereof, and shall be paid to such High Constable or High Constables, Officer or Officers, by such Churchwardens, Overseers, or other Officers of the several Townships, Parishes, or Places lying within the said respective Hundreds or other Districts upon which the same shall be f om Time to Time ra ed and assessed, out of such Moni s, and in such Manner, and subject to such Powers and Remedies for enforcing the Payment, Col-ledinn, and accounting for the fame, and to such Penalties for Failure in the Execution thereof, and such other Provisions, Directions, and Limitations touching and concerning the same (except lo far as the same are varied or altered by this Act) as in and by an Act pass d in the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more easy offeffing^ levying, and colle fling of County Rates, are made, enacted, and provided touching and concerning the assessing, levying, collecting, paying, and accounting for the general County Rates , which laid Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, or other Officer or Officers so paying, or called upon to pay such Sum or Sums of Money so rated and assessed upon every such Township, Parish, or Place under the Authority of this Act, shall and may and are hereby authorized and empowered to levy and raise, by an equal Rate of Taxation upon all and every the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lancs, Tenements, Tyth.es, and other Hereditaments chargeable by Law with any Rate or Assessment for the Relief of the Pour within the said respective Townships, Paiilhes, qr Places, such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be required in order to reimburse themselves what shall be paid or required to be paid for any such Rate or Aflxflrient imposed upon them by the Authority of this Act, of which Rate or Assessment, Rates and Assessments, it shall and may be lawful for the Occupier or Tenant, Occupiers or Tenants of all and any Lands, Tenements, or Hered laments charged therewith, (bolding the fame at a Rack Rem) to charge one Moiety upon their respective Landlord or Landlords, and to dedud the fame out of the Rents which shall become payable for the fame: Provided always, that the Sum of the Rates or Affect’ments to be raised and levied under the Authority of this Act, upon all and every such Boroughs, Towns Corporate, and Cinque Ports, and Members thereof, Liberties, Fran.chises, Parishes, Town-

2096 48° GEORGII III. Cap. ioj.

ships, and Places within the faicJ Faftcrn Division of the said County, within the Space of any one Year, shall not exceed Eight-pence in the Pound upon the Rentals or Valuations of the several Lands, 1 cnements, Tythes, and Hereditaments within the said Boroughs, Towns Corporate, a^d Cinque Ports, and Members thereof. Liberties, Franchises, Parishe>:, Townships, arid Places so to be taken as aroreLid, and that the whole Sum of Money to be i\dfed and alTcted by the Authority of this Act(exclusive of what may be required fir paying the Interest of Money borrowed, and the Charges and Expences of levying and coll: ding the fame) shall not exceed the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds.

in n.ie-5

XVIII. And whereas there are fev ral B roughs. Towns Corporate, Li-

dee^haveno* berties, and other distinct Jurisdictions within the Eastern Division of the Power, they said County of Sussex, in which the Justices acting in the Commission of the kt^alteTtUn6 "^cace for the same County have no Power or Authority; be ic therefore the Proportion further enacted, Thar it shall and may be lawful to and for the Justics of of tins Rate 5 the Peace of the County of Sitjftx, at their next General or Quarter Sefiiom to be holden in and for the Lid Eastrrn Division of the Lid County, after the pafli ig of this Act, or at any subsequenc General or Quarter Sessions, or any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, or at any Adjournment of any former Srflions, to conclude and agree up n, order, direct, and ascertain the Shares and Proportions which the Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, and other distinct Jurisdsd ons aforesaid* shall rel’prdively raise and pay of such Sum and Sums of Money, as the said Justices ftia'I from Time to Time find necessary for the Purposes of th s Ad, in the fame Proportion, as near as may be, to the whole Sum whicr. ftvaii be raised under or by virtue of this Act, as the Yearly Rent or Value of the Mcftuagrs, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments fituite, lying, ar ling, and being within such Boroughs, Towns Corporare, Liberties and othei distinct Jurisdictions aforesaid, bears to the Yearly Value of the MdTuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments fnuate, lying, arising and being within the rest of the said Eastern Division of the said County, such Rent or Valuation to be calculated as aforesaid.

and t'.i* Ma-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Justices or other Magistrates SlhT’ac^s act,ng *n *or r*ie Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, and other dial: afiifs and distmd Jurisdictions aforesaid, fnali and they are hereby authorized and r.tvVordered reclu*re^ to an(^ ra‘^c t^e S'Jm or Sums o f Money which fit all be so tob:°rafed. ordered and dirtded by the Justices of the Peace of the Lid County of S ssex resident as aforesaid, to be raised and paid by such Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, and other distinct Jurisdictions respectively as aforesaid, in the same Manner, and with the fame Powers, Authorities and Methods as in and by this Act are given and prescribed to the Justices of the Peace of the said County, for aliening and raising Monks for the Purposes of this Act, and in like Ma"*ur \ and such Justices or other Magistrates acting in and for such Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, and other distinct Jurisdictions, shall pay or cause to be paid such Monies, when collected and received, to the Treasurer crTreafereis appointed to and acting for the Eastern Division of the County aforesaid, who shall account for the same to the Justices of the Peace of the said County, in the same Manner as for the Money received in the said Eallern Division of the Lid County as aforesaid i provided that nothing in this Act contained fhiil give to the Justices of the Peace of the said County any Power or Au-

thoiity

2097

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

thoriiy in the Borough?, Towns Corporate, Liberties or other dif-tinct jurii'distions which they had not before (save and except as herein is excepted,)

XX. And it is hereby further enacted, That for and notwithstanding Proportion of ar>v Thing hereinbefore contained, the A(IcflVnent for the Pur poles of this fs^ci-ique °U Ad, to be raised and levied on the Cinque Ports and Members thereof, Ports, shall, in respect of the limited Uie which the said Cinque Ports and Mem-

btrs will have and enjoy of the said Sections House, be in the Proportion of One to Five only of the Assessment which is raised and levied on the other Part of the said Eastern Division of the said County for the Purposes of this Act (that is to say) if the Assessment on the other Part of the said Eastern Dmfion be after the Rate of Five Pence in the Pound, then the AUcflrnenc on the said Cinque Ports and the Members shall not exceed the Hate of One Penny in the Pound.

XXI. And in order to enable the said Justices of the Peace to form Power for the proper Judgment of any Rate or Rates co be made in pursuance of this fie,'kofThe Act, and to grant proper Relief; be it further enacted, That the said Just Peace to call tices of the Peace or any Three or more of them, or the said Clerk of the rl^of Peace for the said County, acting under their Autnpriry, shall and may, and Rates.

they ana he arc, and is hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, duiing the Execution of this Act, to cause any of the Books of Af-ieffmentef the Property or Income Tax, so far as the fame relate or refer to, or in anywise concern the Statement of Property to be set forth and Rated in the Schedule (A.) in the said recited Act made in the Forey-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and the Rental or Valuation by which such Aftcfirnents are made, mentioned, and dtlcribed within the said Eastern Division of the said County, and also within the several Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Liberties, and other distiaft Jurisdictions within the Eastern Division aforesaid, to be brought before them or him, and to take Copies of such Books or any Part or Parrs thereof as they, he, or any of them shall think hr, such Compensation being made to the Parties producing the fame respectively as the said Justices residem as aforesaid, or any Three or more of them, shall think reasonable \ and if any Person or Persons in whole Custody or Power any of the said Books shall be, shall neglect or refute to attend the said Justices, or the said Clerk of the Peace with such Book or Books, or to permit them, him, or any of them to take Copies thereof as aforesaid, then, and in every such Cate every Person who p_, of iol shall. so rest: or neglect, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the oiIp^obs' Sum of Tea Pounds, to be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods 11 peering or and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, Person or Persons so making De* produce K°«s, fault, together with the Charges of such Distress and Sale, by Warrant un- &c-der the Hand and Seal of any one of the Justices of the Peace residing within and acting for the said Eastern Division of the said County, rendering the Overplus to the Party or Parties respectively on whose Goods and Chattels such Distress and Sale shall be so made as aforesaid; and the same Penalties or Forfeitures, when recovered and received, shall forthwith be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Eastern Division, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act.

2098 4S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

Application of

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies to be raised and teiS*yt° received by virtue of this Act, shall in the first; Place be applied in oil-charging and paying all the Expences of obtaining the Act, with lawful Interest from the Time of advancing thereof, and afterwards for the feve-rnl Purposes of this Acr, as the said Justices or any Three or more of them shall from Time to Time think fit and direct; and that after all such Charges and Expences, and the Charges of making such Purchases as aforesaid, and of erecting, finishing, and completing the said Shire Hall and Buildings, and all the Deors incurred thereby, and all other Monies ro he paid in pursuance of this Act:, shall be fully paid and fiuisfud, the Surplus of the Monies to be raised and borrowed determined by virtue r.f this Act shall,by Order of the said Justices, or by any Three or more of them, be paid into the public Stock of the Eastern Division of the said County, and be deemed and taken, and shall and may be applied and paid as P.ut of the common Stock, to and for such Uses as the Stock of the said Eastern Division of the County can or may be applied.

Poxir for the

XXIII. And whereas there are within the said Eastern Division of the p<!iiit*Pi;00*11»" kid County of Sussex, Extra-parochial or other peculiar P.aces over or to to act in the which no Oveiftus or Overseer of the Poor, Petty Constable, or orher Overmen°for Peace Officer, are, is, or have or hath been accustomed ro be appoimed, <he purposes of and in which laid Extra-parochial or other peculiaf Places there are situate, E»ra-parc" lying, arising, and being divers Meffu.iges or Tenement®, L tnds, Tythes, chi aland other and Hes editaments: And whereas the Non-appointment of such OvtrLers vfhei'^no *aCeS or Overseer, Petty Con (fable, or other Peace Officer might impede the Orerfters are ta'rying into Execution this Act; to remedy which beic further enacted, appointed. That from 3nd after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be laws ul to and for the Justices of the Peace resident as aforesaid, and acting within the Eastern Division of the said County, at their General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said Eastern Division, or at any Adjournment or Adjournments thereof, to appoint one or more proper Person or Persons in the Nature of, and to act as an Overseer or Overseers, Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, within and for such Extra-parochial or other peculiar Places respectively, for effiftoating the Purposes of this Act; and such Person and Persons respectively shall have the like Powers vested in them respectively for the effectuating all such Purposes, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if he or they had been appointed an Overseer or Overle rs of the Poor, Petty Constable, or other Peace Officer, under any of the existent Statute Laws now in being: And, for the ThelikePower more fully effectuating the Purposes of this Act, the like Power is hereby BaWfs°Stc g*ven to all Mayors, Bailiffs, Jurats, Justices and other chief Officers in Berou^be, within all and every the Boroughs, Towns Corporate, Cinque Ports, and Tow"8 a°d c^e Members thereof, Liberties, Franchises, Parishes, Townships, Places othe^distinct and other distinct Jurisdictions within the said Eastern Division of the said wkMnwi°ch bounty, wkhin which the Justices of the Peace for the said County of the ialdjuf* SufjoK have no Jurisdiction, who are hereby also respectively authorized and tices have no required to appoint such Person or Persons to act as an Overseer or Over-jurisdiction. pcerSj pfIty Constable or other Peace Officer, within all and every the Extra-parochial and other peculiar Places within their said several and respective Jurisdictions, for the Purposes of this Act; any Statute, Law, Custom, Privilege, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 107. 2099

XXIV. And, for the more f'peedy railing a Fund for the Purposes of this Act j be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said borrow Monty Justices or any Three or more of them, ac their Fir 11 or any subsequent Pur-Meeting or Meetings to be hrld in pursuance of this Act, to borrow and J°t®80 1 9 take up on the Credit of the Rates and Assessments to be levied by virtue of this Act, in Sums of not Itfs than One handled Pounds or more than One th.;ufand Pounds each, at legal or lower Incereft, such Sum and Sums of Money as they the said Justices or any Three or more of them shall think fit, so as the Money to be borrowed as aforesaid do not exceed the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds, and to charge all such Rates and Assess-merits with the several Sums of M >ney so borrowed, and the Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively: Provided nevertheless, that the aggregate Amount of the Rate or several Rates to be made, levied, and received under the Authority of, and for the Purposes of this Aer, shall not in any one Year or within the Space of Twelve facet (live Calendar Months, exceed Eight Pence in the Pound, according to the Rentals or Valuations aforesaid, or any or either of them; and for securing all and every such Sum and Sums of Money so borrowed, the said Justices or any Three or more of them may, and are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to mortgage, demise, grant or assign the said Rates and Assessments, or any Part or Parts thereof (che Charges of such Mortgages, Demises, Grams or Alignments to be paid for thereout) to any Person or Persons, as a Security or Securities for the Money which shall be so borrowed, and the Interest thereof; and Copies of all such Mortgages, Demises, Grants or Assignmems, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Sussex or his Deputy, (or each of which Copies he shall be paid the Sum ot hive Sh.ilingc.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons to whom such Mort- Mortgagees to gages, DemYes, Grants or Alignments shall be made, shall be, in Propor- Creditors in tion to the Sum or Sums therein resprctively mentioned. Creditors on the et*ua c. 81CC* said Rates and Assessments so to be mortgaged as aforesaid, in equal Degree one with another, and shall not have any Preference with respect to

the Priority of advancing any such Monies or of the Dates of their respective Mortgages in respect to the Payment of the Interest thereof, but that the Principal thereof shall be paid in such Course and Order according to Dates, Numbers, or Advances, as the said Justices or any Three of them shall from Time to Time direct and appoint; but so that the whole Money to be secured upon the Credit of such Rates and Assessments shall or maybe discharged within Fourteen Years from the Time of passing this Act.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Trca- Notice to be furei of the said County acting within the Eastern Division thereof, do

and shall give Notice by Advertiscment in the Lewes Journal, or some other £1° tcmi* public Newspaper usually circulated within che laid County, of the Intention of the said Justices, to pay off the Principal of ail or any of the said Securities, specifying the Time when and what Securities are intended to be paid off, at least Three Calendar Months before the Time of such intended Paymnr, and that from the Time specified in such Notice, ail Interest upon such Securities respectively shall cease and be it an End; and the Principal thereof, together with the Interest due up to that Period, ftiaii

be

2ioo 4S0 GEORGII III. Caf- ioj.

be placed in the Hands of the said County Treasurer, to be paid to the Owner or Owners of such respective Securities whcnevtr the same shall be demanded.

XXVII. And be it further taa&ed. That ihe Form of every Mortgage to be made by vir ue of this Act as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to he borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall be in the Words following, or in any other Words to the like Purport or Effect; (that is to say)

Form of

Mortgage.

: nY Virtue of an Act pa {Ted in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of 1 ' His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here infer t the 1 Title of this Atf\ We, Three of the Commissioners appointed by the said; Act, being Justices as aforesaid, in Consideration of the Sum of: advanced and lent by A.B. up in the Credit and for

1 the Purposes of the said Act, do grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto the; said A.B. his Executors, Administrators and Ad'gns, such Proportion of: the Rates and Monies arising by virtue of the said Act as the Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which may at any Time be borrowed or become due and owing, or charged upon the Credit of the said Act, to be had and holden from this; Day of in the Year ot our Lord

until the said Sum of with Interest for the

; lame after the Rate of per Centum per Ahsum^ shall

1 be repaid and satisfied. Witness our Hands, the Day

of in the Year of our Lord .*

Mortgage* or

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Mortgages shall be made or granted as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby reipeel ivcIy secured, may from Time to Time transfer or assign over his, her, or their Right, Title, and Interest to the Money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement on such Security or other Wriing to be annexed thereto, in the Words following, or to the like Effect* (that is to say)

Form of T Do transfer this [or, the annexed] Mortgage, with all my R:ght or

Transfer. c Title to the Principal Money hereby [cr, thereby] secured, and ail

the interest now due and to become due for the fame, to C.D. his Exe-

cutors, Administrator9 and Assigns. Dated the

« A. B.9

Which said Transfer or Alignment shall be produced to the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being for the County of Sussex, or his Deputy, who shall register and enter the fame in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgage or Grant, for which he shall be paid Five Shillings by the Person requesting the fame; 2nd after such Entry thereof marie, and not till then, every such Transfer shall entitle such Assignep, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and such Assignees may in like Manner transfer and assign again from Time to Time, such Transfer being entered and paid for as aforesaid and it shall hot be in the Power of such Perfofc or Persons who shall have made such Assignment or Transfer to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or any Money due thereon j and in cafi*

any

2101

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

any fdch original Mortgages, Alignments, or Securities shall be lost or destroyed, the Copies or Entries thereof, made as aforesaid, shall be deemed sufficient Evidence to entitle the Person or Persons to whom the Monies due thereon shall respectively belong to the Payment thereof, as fully and effectually as if such original Mortgages, Alignments, and Securities respectively were exilting; and the Clerk or Person in whole Custody such Copies or Entries shall happen to be, is hereby required to produce the fame for the Benefit of such Creditors respectively.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed on Mortgage as aforesaid, shall, from the Time the respective Principal Monies so to be lent or paid shall have been advanced, be paid Half-yearly to the several Parties entitled thereto.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices or any Three or more of them shall and they are hereby required to meet at the Town of Lewes, on some Day between the First Day of March and the First Day of May in every Year, until the Powers of this Act shall be fully performed and executed; and at such Meeting the Accounts of all Monies received and paid from Time to Time, by virtue and in Execution of this Act, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, shall from Time to Time be produced, stated, examined and settled, and shall also (if required by the said Justices or any Three or more of them) be verified on the Oath or Oaths of the Person or Persons accounting for the fame; which Oath the said Justices or any T hree or more of them are hereby authorized and empowered 10 administer.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Stones, Bricks, Timber, Materials for Iron, Lead, and other Materials for building and erecting the said Shire bujl-|mgCourt Hall and Sessions House, Buildings and other Conveniencies or any of in justices/1 them, or any Part or Parts thereof, and all Furniture, Articles, Matters and Things used in or about the said House, Buildings and other Conveniencies, or any of them, bought, procured or supplied by the Order of the said Justices or any Three or more of them, or bought, procured or supplied by the Order of any Person or Persons whomsoever acting by or under the Authority of such Justices for such Purposes as aforesaid, or any of them, shall belong to and be the Property of, and the fame is and are hereby vested in the Justices of the Peace for the said County for the Time being; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, oraireft the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictment (as the Case may require) against any Person or Persons who shall steal, spoil, injure or destroy the said House, Buildings, and other Conveniencies, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall steal, take, carry away, spoil, injure or destroy the Stones, Bricks. Timber, Iron,

Lead, Furniture, 'Materials, Articles, Matters, and Things hereby vested in them the said Justices of the Peace of the said County for the Time being fis aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment, it shall be, and be deemed and taken to be sufficient to state generally, that the said Shire Hall, Sessions House,

Buildings, Siones, Bricks, Iron, Lead, Furniture, Article or Articles,

Thing or Things, for or on account of which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment Drcferred, is or are the Property ILoc. & Per.'] 23 U of

Inte-fft to bt padHJf-

At Yearly

Meeiingi to audit Account l.

2102

48’ GEORGII III. Cap. 107.

of te The Justices of the Peace for the County of Sussex" without parti*' cularly dating or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Justices.

Ferf MS doing XXXIE And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons thall prosecuted.bC wilfully and maliciously bre.-ik, pull down, damage or deft-oy the said Shire Hall, Sessions House or Buildings so to be eretted, or any Part or Parts thereof, or any of the Appurtenances thereto belonging, such Person or Persons being lawfully convicted thereof shall be adjudged guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be trievf, shall have full Power and Authority either to order such Person or Persons to be transported for Seven Years, to such Place and in such Manner as other Feions are directed to be transported by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or to suffer such Corporal Punishment by whipping or otherwise, or to be punished by Fine, Imprisonment, or otherwise, as to the said Court before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried shall seem meet; and the Justices of the Peace of the said County, or the major Part of them in Quitter Sessions assembled. are hereby au borized from Time to Time to order such Offender or Offenders as aforesaid to be prosecuted by Indictment or Indictments, and to direct the Expenses of such Prosecutions to be paid by the Treasurer or Treassurers of the said Eastern Division of the said County of Sussex, ou t of the public Stock and County Rates of and belonging to the Eastern Division of the said County} and in every such Indictment such Shire Flail, Sessions House, Building or Buildings and Appurtenances, shall be alledged and described, and deemed and taken to be the Shire Hall, Scfliofts House, Building or Buildings and Appurtenances (as the Case may be) of " The Justices of the Peace for the County of Sussex," without particularly naming or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of the said Justices.

T'ic shire H-n

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace for

Suffices for16 t^le Time being of the said Eastern Division of the said County, shall (land public Piii - and be seised of, and interested in the said Shire Hall and Sections House and

poses. Buildings so to be erected and built as aforesaid, and every Matter and

Thing appertaining thereto, upon specialTruft and Confidence, and to the End, Intent, and Purpose that the said Justices shall and will from Time to Time and at all Times after the same shall be built and finished, peaceably and quietly and freely permit and fuffir all the Courts of the Justices cf Assize and Nisi Prius, Oyer and Terminer and General Gaol Delivery for the said County of Sussex, and also the C ourts of General Quarter Srflions of the Peace for the Eastern Division of the said County, and all other Courts of the said Justices of the Peace for the said Division, to be holden in the said Shire Hail and the Appurtenances thereunto belonging, with free Liberty for all Persons whom it shall concern to act and officiate in, and to resort to and attend upon the said Courts as they shall have Occasion, and also peaceably, quietly, and freely permit and suffer the Sheriff and Freenolders of the said County of Sussex for the Time being, when, and as there shall beOccasion, in the said Shire Hall to make Elections of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament, and of a Coroner or Coroners for the same County, and also for the said Sheriff to hold therein his County Court-, and peaceably, quietly, and freely permit and suffer the Lords of the Borough of Lewes, and their respective*

8 Stewards,

2103

'*4

!^or £ ftrfu

(tofp.

> nit.:, rPafo-j catr m

> other, i lothe oil iteia

I. Pin «To* '-KXHd Meo. flDw* rSita m in BaiM. eJinJ 3 aid toithe mm

rfcr bnd rand and othe ire to reaWt :ej ef refer Jem other icldeo ( with re itti

Oca-

Sheriff

rj.atd s of* jTOfler i feoW pcntft

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 107,

Stewards, Deputy Stewards, Tenants, and other Persons having Bufintfs to transact, to hold Courts Leet and Courts Baron in the said Shire Hall, and from Time to Time to meet, assemble, and continue therein, as long as they shall have Occasion so to do j and also peaceably, quietly, and freely permit and suffer the Constables for the Time being, and other Inhabitants of the said Borough of Lewes to assemble, meet, and continue there, to make Elections of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, or for any other pub-ic Purpose for which they have hitherto been accustomed to use the present Shire Hall, as often as there shall be Occasion; and that when the said Shire Hall shall not be used or employed for any of the Purposes aforesaid, the said Justices may and are hereby empowered from Time to Time and at all Times to permit and suffer the said Shire Hall and Appurtenances to be used and employed in, and for all and every or any such other Uses and Purposes, and in such Manner as the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions shall think proper and direct, such Sheriff, Constables, Lords of the Leet and Courts Baron and other Persons respectively using the fame, to bear, pay, and discharge the Expences of cleansing the fame Shire Hall as often as the same shall be by them respectively used, and of repairing and making good all Damages that may be luflamed or occasioned by the Use thereof as aforesaid:

Provided nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to permit or authorize the said Sheriff or his Deputy, or the Fteeho'ders of the said County, or the Constables or Inhabitants of the said Borough, to use or occupy any Part or Parts of the said intended Shire Hall, which shall be appropriated to, and used as a Court or Courts of Joffice, or as an Office or Offices* Place or Places for the keeping therein the Public Records, Books and Papers belonging to the said County.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices of the justices Peace for the Time being may sue and be sued in any Court or Courts of fueand be1 Law or Equity, for or in respect of any Claim, Contract, or other Matter court of Law or Thing made or done by them or any of them under the Authority of or Equity, this Adf, or for or in respect of any Nuisance, Encroachment or Trespass made, done, or committed by any Person or Persons whomsoever in or upon the said Shire Hall, Sessions House, Buildings and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or any of them, or in or upon any Part or Parts thereof respectively, or in or upon any of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments hereby veiled in or to be purchased by the said Justices, or in or upon any Part or Parts thereof respectively, in the Name of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County or his Deputy for the Time being, and in the commencing, prosecuting, carrying on and defending all such Actions or Suits, such Shire Hall, Sessions House, Buildings, Appurtenances,

Lunds, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall be deemed and considered in Law to be and shall be described to be in the Poflfefiion of the Justices of the Pe ce for the County of Sussex to all intents and Purposes whatsoever j and no such Action or Suit brought or commenced by or against them the said Justic s or any of them by virtue, of this Act, in the Name of the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for the Time being, shall abate or be discoiitinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk of the Peace or his . eputy, or by any Act of the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for iTime being, done without the Confenc of the said Justices of the Peace for the time being, but that such Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for the

2104- 4-8° GEORGII III. Cop* 107*

the Time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such clerk of the Action or Suit: Provided always, that every such Clerk of the Peace or rSmburicd his Deputy for the Time being, shall be from Time to Time forthwith, by his Expences. Order of the said Justices in Sessionsafsembled, or the major Part of them, reimbursed and paid by the Treasurer of the said County, out of the Public Stock and County Rates of the said EalternDivision of the said Coun y, all such Coffs, Charges and Expences as he or they shall be put unto or become chargeable with by reafun of his being made a Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

Personsag-

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Perfors who fnCVahotJe apprehend themselves overcharged or other wise aggrieved by any

QuarterSrf Aff flment or other Act to be made or done by virtue of this present Act, fioHs. may appeal to the Juhices of the Peace assembled at the General Quarter

Sessions of the Peace to be held for the Eastern Division of the said County, after Demand of the Monies assessed, or after such other Act done, who shall and may make such Orde* therein as to them or the major Part of them then and there present fhalileem meet-

Limitation of

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall Actions. ke commenced again!! any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Action or Suit shall be brought and commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought In the County of Sussex and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit fnalland Ger. c.al Issue. may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue such Action or Suit, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the P.aintiff or Plaintiffs, the T.sble Cost*. Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for such Colts as any other Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Colts in any other Cafe by Law.

Public Act-

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to he a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act of His present Majesty, for draining certain Low Lands lying on both Sides the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln, and for restoring the Navigation , of the said River from the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln to the Sea. [i8t'n June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Second Year of the Reign 2 Geo. of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for draining and

preferring certain Low Lands called the Fens, lying on both Sides the River Witham, in the County of Lincoln, and for ? flaring and maintaining the Navigation of the said River from the High bridge in the City of Lincoln, through the Borough of Boston to the Sea, the Low Lands and Fens in the said Act comprised are divided into Six several Districts or Divisions, and certain Persons are appointed or directed to be elected. General Commissioners for executing such of the Provisions of the faicJ Act as relate to or concern the Drainage of the said Lands, with Power to rate and tax the fame in Manner therein directed, and to borrow Money on such Rates and Taxes either by way of Annuity or on Mortgage, and certain other Persons are also appointed or directed to be elected Commissioners for executing such of the Provisions of the said Act as relate to

Cap. 10S.

[Lee. G) Per.']

23 JC

«r

2io 6

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 108.

or concern the Navigation of the said River Wiiham, with Power to impose Tolls and Duties, and to raise Money for executing the Works of Navigation in like Manner as in the said Act is directed concerning the Monies to be raised for the Purpose of Drainage: And whereas the said General Commissioners for Drainage have taxed and charged the Lands within the said several Districts to the Extent they were authorized by the said Act to tax and charge the fame respectively, and borrowed and took up at Interest by way of Mortgage divers Sums of Money on the Credit of such Rates and Taxes; and the said Commissioners for Navigation have also borrowed Money in like Manner on the Tolls and Duties of the said Navigation; all which Monies so borrowed by the said respective Com-znissioners have been expended in defraying the Expences of obtaining the said Act, and in part Execution thereof; but by reason of the defective Provisions of the said Act, and the Incompetency of the said Rates and ’Faxes, Tolls and Duties, and of the Means prescribed for obtaining Money thereon, several Works both of Drainage and Navigation are yet unexecuted, in consequence whereof the Lands lying within the First, Third, and Fifth Districts remain liable to Injury from Floods, and the Commerce of the Country, by reason of the defective State of the said Navigation, is materially interrupted; it is therefore expedient that certain Provisions of the said Act should be repealed, and other Powers granted in lieu thereof, and that a further Rate or Tax should be charged on the said First, Third, and Fifth Districts, and the Tolls and Duties of the said Navigation regulated and increased; and it might also facilitate the raising of the Money intended to be charged on the Tolls and Duties of the said Navigation, if the said General Commissioners were empowered to obtain the lame by a Transfer of such Tolls and Duties, upon the Terms, and fub-j'eft to the Restrictions and Provisions herein contained; But the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Such Parts of fame, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, A^sa^are^ P'ov^osj Authorities, Matters and Things therein contained, save and not repealed except such as ‘are hereby altered, varied, or repealed, or which militate by this Act, against, or are repugnant to the Provisions and Purposes of this Act, shall to remain in kej remain, and continue in full Force and Efteft, and shall be as good, crcc" valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and enacted with Words to make the fame applicable to the Purposes and Provisions herein contained.

Certain II, And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the Sum of

Clauses and Seventy thousand Pounds, or any greater Sum shall have been obtained Pf°he Wi h ty ^le General Commissioners upon the Credit or by the Transfer and am Act ic- Assignment of the 'Foils and Duties imposed by the said recited Act and pealed. this Act, on Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities carried or conveyed through or upon the said Navigation, in exercise of the Power hereinafter vested in them in that Behalf, and all Monies that have already or shall at any Time hereafter be borrowed by the said Commissioners for Navigation, or that shall be due and owing from them to any Person or Persons whomsoever, shall have been paid off and discharged, and the Sum of

2107

48° GEORGII ITT. Cap. 108.

of Thirty thousand Pounds hereinafter authorized to be raised by the said General Commissioners under the Provisions of the said recited A&, shall also have been obtained, that then and from thenceforth so much and such Parts of the same Act, and of the several Clauses and Provisions therein contained as respectively relate to or concern the Height or Surface of the Water in the said River Witham, the cleansing, scouring, widening, deepening, and embanking the said River from the Grand Sluice at Boston to Lincoln High Bridge, and executing the several Works directed or authorized to be done by the said General Commissioners within the said First, Third, and Fifth Distri&s, that shall not then have been made, done, and executed, or which relate to or concern the several Works of Navigation authorized to be made, done, and executed by the said Commissioners for Navigation, and so much of the said recited Act, as exonerates or discharges from the Stamp Duties any Mortgage, Alignment, Transfer, Security, or other Proceeding by any Commissioners or Commissioner for putting the said recited Act into Execution, that would otherwise be subject or liable to any such Duties, shall be and the fame is and are hereby respectively repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners or Commission-any Seven or more of them shall and they are hereby authorized and re- *r*to dfept° quired, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to make ^thaanm Cuts, and cleanse, scour out, widen, deepen, straighten, and embank the and mak* *" said River Witham, or cause such Cuts to be made and the said River to be Cut*, cleansed, scoured out, widened deepened, straightened, and embanked from the said Grand Sluice to the High Bridge in Lincoln, in Manner and of the several Dimensions following; that is to say, from the said Grand Sluice to a Place called Dorman's Dike or How Bridge Tunnel, with a Bottom Fifty Feet wide, and from thence a new Cut to be formed in a ffraight Line to near Tatershall Bridge with a Bottom Forty Feet wide, from the End of the said Cut to Stixfwold Ferry, the Bottom of the said River Witham to be Thirty-four Feet wide, from thence to HorJJcy Dceps-Thirty Feet Wide, and another New Cut to be made in a ltraight Line with a Bottom of the said last-mentioned Width, from Horsley Deeps to join the said River again nearly opposite to the Woad Houses in the Parish of Fijkerton, and from the End of the said Cut to the Lock intended to be eroded in the Parish of Washingborough, the Bottom of the said River to be Twenty-eight Feet wide *, the Dimensions of the said River and Cuts from Dorman's Dike or How Bridge Tunnel upwards, being diminished gradually, so astheremay not be a less Water-way on the Average for the respective Difiances aforesaid than of the several Dimensions before specified; and that the Bottom of the said River and Cuts from the Grand Sluice to the said Lock, shall be carried on a Level with the Sill of the said Grand Sluice, and that from the said Lock in the Parish of Wajhingborough to the present Lock at Stamp End, the said River Witham shall be not less than Twenty-four Feet wide at the Bottom, and the Bottom thereof deepened to Six Feet at the least below the Weir or Overfall adjoining or near to the said intended Lock in the Parish of WaJhingborough\ the said River and Cuts to be formed with Slopes or Batters of Three Feet horizontal to One Foot perpendicular at the lead, leaving a Foreland of not less than Twenty Feet on each Side thereof; and the Banks also formed with Slopes or Batters of Three Feet horizontal to One Foot perpendicular next the said River and Cuts, and Ty^o Feet horizontal to One Foot perpendicular on

tht.

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. ib'8.

the Land Side thereof;‘and shall also scour out and deepen the said Rivet-With am from Stamp End Lock to Lincoln High Bridge, in such Manner, and to such Extent, as in the Judgment of the said General Commissioners shall be deemed requisite or necessary for the Purposes of this Act, and shall form the Bank on the South Side of the said River Wkham, with a Ten Feet Top, and puddle the fame in the Middle, Co as to make the said Bank as nearly watertight as may be, and gravel the Top thereof, and make Bridges across the several Drains communicating with the said River where necessary, for towing and haling with Horses and Men, or otherwise, Keeels, Boats, Barges, and other Vessels passing through or upon the said Navigation; and shall likewise ered Bridges over the said New Cuts where necessary for preserving the Communication between the Lands and Estates that may be separated by the making of such Cuts, and set cut necessary private Roads to communicate therewith, and cause Delphs of sufficient Capacity to be made at the Back of the said Navigation, from Wajhingboroitgh Lock upwards, as far as is requisite for the Passage of the ShiciJ Dike and other Waters into the River Witham below the said Lock, that are now entitled to be discharged into the said River below Stamp End Lock, and shall also make sufficient Trenches and Passages for the Waters of the said River Witham, and the Streams communicating the rewith, and divert and turn the fame respectively into and through the Lands adjoining upon or lying contiguous to the said River, as Occasion shall require, for the making and executing the several Works herein directed, and effecting the Purposes of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to ered and build, or cause to be erected and built, a good and substantial Lock in the said Parish of Wajhingboroitgh, opposite or nearly so to the Drain running into the River Witham, and dividing the Parishes of Greetwell and Cherry Willingham, the Dimensions whereof shall be Eighty Feet in Length within the Gates, and Sixteen Feet and an Half wide at the least in the Chamber, and that adjoining or neat to the said Lock, a Stone Weir or Overfall shall also be built and placed at the fame Height above the Sill of the Grand Sluice, as the Gauge Mark at Lincoln High Bridge is now placed under the Authority of an Act of the Thlrty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign for improving the Navigation of the River Bain hereinafter recited, with Sluices of sufficient Capacity to draw off the Water in Times.of Flood into the River below the fame; provided that the said Sluices are placed at such a Dhtance from the 'Fail of the said Lock as to prevent the Scour of the Sluices, or the Overfall of the Water, from throwing up a Bank or Shoal so as to obstrud the Navigation of Barges or other Vessels entering into the said Lock; and the said Navigable Lock or Fen Sluice adjoining to the said Grand Sluice, shall, if necessary, be enlarged so as to make the fame of corresponding Dimensions with the said intended Lock in the Parish of Wajhinborough; and that the present Locks in or across the said River' Witham at Barlings Kirkjlead and Stamp Etui, and the Stanches adjoining or near to the said respective Locks, shall be taken down and removed, and the Materials of which they consist dii'posed of or used for the Purposes of this Act.

V. And whereas by an Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled,.An Act for enlarging and improving the Canal x: 1’4 called

43° GEORGII III. Cap. tot.

called Tatcrshall Canal from ihe River Witham to the Town of TaterfhalJ, and extending the fame into the River Bain, and for making the said River Bain navigable from thence to or into the Town of Horncastle, all in the County of Lincoln; and also for amending and rendering complete the navigable Communication between the said River Witham and the Fosdike Canal, through the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln; It was enacted, That the Works to be erected on the said River Witham between the said Bailey's Sluice and the said High Bridge, should not be constructed so as to prevent the Passage of the fame or an equal Quantity of Water, nor fufter the Passage of a larger Quantity of Water than what was then uttered by the said River Witham in like.Seasons, such Quantity of Water to be ascertained by the Calculation and Experience of Two able Engineers, one to be appointed by the said General Commissioners of Drainage, and one by the Proprietors of Estates lying on the West Side of the said City of Lincoln; and draining by the said River Witham, except that at all Times, in order to prevent as much as possible any injurious Accumulation of Water, whenever the Surface'of the said River Witham should rife to the Height of Six Inches above the gauged Low Water Mark thereinbefore mentioned and limited, that then the Cloughs of the Stanch thereby intended to be erected should be drawn and should remain open, to utter such additional Quantity of Water as might be found could be received and pasted to the Sea, without Danger to the Banks or Prejudice to the Drainage of the Low Lands lying East of the said Stanch; and for the Purpose of determining to what Period the said Cloughs might so remain open, a certain other Gauge Marie should be ascertained by the said Engineers, upon due Experience and Observation to be had and made by them, which said Gauge Mark last-mentioned should be fixed within Twelve Calendar Months after the Completion of the Works by the said Act directed to be done within the said City of Lincoln, at some proper or convenient Place to regulate the Passage of the said Water: Provided nevertheless, that the said Gauge Mark should not restrain the said General Commissioners of Drainage from suffering the Passage of any farther or larger Quantity of Water, whenever they judged it fit and expedient so to do; and provided that the said Cloughs should be again shut whenever the Surface of the said River Witham should be reduced to the said Gauge Low Water Mark first before described and limited, and that the said General Commissioners of Drainage should at all Times thereafter (subject to the Limitations therein-before mentioned) have and exercise the foie Controul over the fame Works: Be it further enacted, That when and as loon as the said Lock and Sluice, and heightened or increased Weir at Wajhingborough, shall have been made, erected, and completed as herein directed, and the Weir at Bargate Drain also heightened and increased, and the Sluice or Sluices to be erected therein shall also have been put down and compleated, and the Drain made to Bailey's Sluice, that then and from thenceforth so much of the said Act of the Thirty-second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed and declared to be null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

VI. And whereas, it is in the last recited Act of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty provided and declared that no new Communication shall be made with the said River Witham to the/ [Loc. b1 jfirr.] 23 T West

2110

Height of Weirs regulated.

Wonts how to be supported.

Assignee# of Navigation liable to Re-

48° GEORGII III. Cdp. 108.

Well of the City of Lincoln, and the fame River on the East Side of the fame City, by any other Tunnel, Drain, or Work whatsoever. And whereas it is expedient that the fame Proviso should be partially repealed, Be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act contained shall reilrain or prevent the making and maintaining of the Sluices and Drains authorized by this Act, for facilitating the Passage of the Flood Waters from the River Witham West of the City of Lincoln, into the said River below the same.

VII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That the said Weir at or near to Wajhingborough Lock, shall for the Space of Sixteen Feet only in the South Part thereof be made of the Height before mentioned and described, and that the farther or extended Width of such Weir shall be made of the greater or increased Height of Six Inches, and shall so remain and continue until the Sluice at or near to Bargate Drain Weir shall he put down, and the Drain from thence to Bailey's Sluice compleated as herein directed; and that immediately upon the Completion of the said Lift mentioned Works the said Sixteen Feet or lower Part of Washing-borough Weir shall be raised to within One Inch of the higher Part thereof, and Rich higher Part for the Space of Pour Feet be reduced or lowered One Inch, so that in the whole the said Weir, for the Space of Twenty Jeet may be One Inch lower than the remaining Part of such Weir; and the said General Commissioners shall also, at the same Time, cause Bargate Drain Weir to be heightened and placed on' the fame Level as the higher Part Gf the said Wajhinborough Weir, allowing for the proper Declivity of the Water between the said respective Weirs; both which said Weirs shall from thenceforth be, continue, and remain of the several increased Heights aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said intended Lock and Stanch in the Parish of Wajhingborough, and the said Navigable or Pen Sluice adjoining the said Grand Sluice, and the said towing or haling Path, and the Bridges aerofs the said Cuts, and also across the several Drains communicating with the said River Witham in the Line of the Lid haling Path, shall have been made and completed, and Milestones let down by the Side of the said Navigation as herein directed, the fame shall from Time to Time for ever thereafter be repaired, supported, and maintained by the said Commissioners for Navigation, by and out of the Monies to arise and be received from the Tolls and Duties of the said Navigation; and that all other Works to be made, done, and executed by the said General Commissioners under the Authority of this Act (except the Bridges over the Carr Dike Drain, the Stanch in the said Drain, and the Weirs, Tunnels, and Drains in the said First DIftrid, which are herein directed to be a Charge upon the Occupiers of Lands within the said District) shall be supported, maintained, and repaired at the C olls and Charges of the said General Commissioners, by and out of the Drainage Funds from Time to Time to arise and be received under the Authority of the said recited Act, in like Manner as the Works of Drainage made and done by the said General Commissioners under the Authority of the same Ad, are directed and required to be supported, maintained, and repaired.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from the Time the Tolls and Duties of the said Navigation shall be transferred and assigned by the

2i r i

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 108.

the said General Commissioners, as herein authorized, and utitil the several Works for improving and enlarging the Paflgge for the Flood Waters C0‘jJ ot from the said Bargate Weir through Bargate Drain to Bai!cy*s Sluice,

shall have been executed and completed as herein directed, the present Weirs at the said Bargate and Little Gozvt Drains, and the scouring out of the fame Drains, and of the said Great Gowt Drain and Sincil Dike and the Culvert under the said River Wit ban shall be respectively repaired and scoured out by and at the Colls and Charges of the Person or Persons to whom the said Tolls and Duties shall be transferred and afngtied as aforesaid, in such and the like Manner, upon, under, and subject to the like Notice and Controul, and with such and the like Powers and Remedies on the Part of the Persons and Parties interested therein, to inforce the doing of such Repairs, and the scouring out such Drains, as could or might have been exercised for those Purposes respectively against the said Cotmnissioners for Navigation, if such Transfer and Alignment had not been made, or this Act had not been paired.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if at any Time after the Sluice or Sluices shall be put down at the Head of the said Bargate Drain, as herein directed, the same shall by reason of any Accident or other Cause be out of Repair, whereby the Waters of the said River Witham shall pass through such Sluice or Sluices to the Prejudice of the Fosdike Navigation, and shall so continue for the Space of Thirty Days after Notice thereof given to the Clerk of the said General Com-rrtissioners of Drainage, by the Mayor of Lincoln for the Time being, or the Teffee or Leffecs of the said Fosdike Navigation, or his or their Agent, that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor of Lincoln for the Time being, or the Lessee or Lessees of the said Fosdike Navigation, or his or their Agent, to cause such Sluice or Sluices to be well and fufEciently repaired; and the Expences thereby incurred shall be borne and defrayed by the said General Commissioners, and be recoverable by Action of Debt in any of Elis Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

Clause in

XT. And whereas by an Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Ncfton Em-Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for embanking and draining Aa^ealed certain Fens and Low Lands in the Parishes of Nodon and Potherhanworth in ° rePea,u the County of Lincoln, and in the Parish of Branflon, in the County of the City of Lincoln; It was enacted, That the Commissioners therein named or to‘fee appointed under the Authority of the said Act might, and they were thereby authorized and required, to make, ered, and support a Stanch in the lower Bank of Carr Dike near the South West Coiner of Notion Fen, for the Purpose of preserving the Waters issuing from a Beck near a Wood called Notion VI cod, into the said Carr Dike, so that the fame might be taken into the said Fens and Low Lands intended determined by the now reciting Ad to be embanked and drained by Means of Tunnels to be laid through the lower Bank of the said Carr Dike for the Use of Cattle in dry Seasons, but that no Stanch or Obstructions should be erected or placed in any Drain or Delph to be made on the outer Side of the several Banks thereinbefore mentioned and directed to be erected under the Authority of the now reciting Ad Eastward of the East Bank of the said Carr Dike; be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act shall from and after the Works upon the Carr Dike

have

2112

r or providing Water" in the F.rit Dilln& for Cattle, and Feaccs.

4.8* GEORGII III. Cap. 10%.

have been executed and completed, as herein directed, be and the fame is hereby repealed and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XII. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the deepening of the ft id River Witham may not prevent the accustomed Supply of Water being had therefrom, or from the Streams communicating the rewith, for the life of Cattle and for Fences in the said First District in dry Seasons; Be it therefore enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered and required, before the said River Witham shall be deepened above Kirkjicad Loxk as herein directed, to cause the said Carr Dike Drain to be scoured out, deepened, and enlarged to the Width of Eight Feet at the least at the Bottom, and the said Drain and the Banks thereof formed of sufficient Height and Strength for the Protection of the said First District against the Flood Waters of the fame Drain, with Slopes or Batters of Two Feet horizontal for each Foot in perpendicular Height, and shall also cause Weirs or Overfalls to be placed in the said Carr Dike Drain where neceflkry, and Tunnels laid through the lower Bank thereof, in such Situations, upon such Levels, (allowing for the proper Declivity of the Water in the said Carr Dike in dry Seasons,) and of such Dimensions, to be regulated by the Quantity of Land within the respective Embankments, as shall be requisite or necessary for supplying the Lands in the said First District with Water, in such Manner as that all the said Lands may have and receive the greatest possible Benefit and Advantage in the Use and Enjoyment of the Waters flowing into the said Carr Dike Drain; and that the said General Commissioners shall also cause a Dam or Stanch to be made in the said Carr Dike Drain at the Bank between Timberland-Thorpc and Walcot Delph, or in the Township of Waicot, as may be deemed most expedient, of a sufficient Height for diverting an adequate Supply of Water through the said Tunnels for the Purposes aforesaid; and shall likewise erect and build good and substantial Brick Bridges over the said Carr Dike Drain where necessary, for preserving the accustomed Communications across the fame, and erect Weirs at the present Outlets of the fame Drain, as well for preserving the Water therein in dry Seasons, as for uttering by means thereof the Surplus and Flood Waters into the respective Drains or Delphs through which they are now discharged into the said River Witham, which said several Weirs or Over-falls, 'lunnels, and Stanches shall, from and after the making thereof respectively forever thereafter be maintained, repaired, andsupported by such Person or Persons, and in such and the like Manner, and under such and the like Trusts, Powers, and Authorities as the Works of Drainage in the Townships, Hamlets, and Parishes in which such Works shall be respectively situate are now liable to be repaired, supported, and maintained; and the said Bridges shall be repaired and supported by and at the Costs and Charges of the Person or Persons liable to repair and support the present Bridges.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby required, by and out of the Monies to arise and be received by them under the Authority of this Act, to make a Drain or Delph with Banks of adequate Dimensions from the present Cut in Timbcrland to Timberland Wharf, along the Side of the lower Bauk of Carr Dike Drain to and from thence through the

Land

21 I

48° GEORG IT III. Cap. 10%.

Land called the Willow Row, of the fame Dimensions as the said Carr Dike Drain is herein directed to be made, to be used for such and the like Purposes as the said last mentioned Drain in Timberland is now used, to the Intent that the whole of the Waters running into the fame Carr Dike Drain may, if necessary, be more effectually appropriated in dry Sealbns for the Benefit of the Lands in the said First DistricL

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners Further Di-

shall, and they are hereby required, in the Erection of the said Weir at or *or

near to Wajhingbo^ongb Lock, to place a Trough or Tunnel, but so that the Top of the said Weir is not lowered thereby, of sufficient Dimensions Didrift with on the South Part of the said Weir, and continue the said Tunnel across Water, the Drain to be made for discharging the Sincel Dike and other Waters into the said Navigation, and make another Drain or Delph from thence at the Back of the fare! Navigation Bank through' the said first District, upon such Level and of such Dimensions as shall be requisite or necessary to convey Water into such of the Fens and Low Lands in the said First District for Cattle and Fences as shall not be sufficiently supplied therewith from the said Carr Dike or any other Source from whence such Supply hath been usually obtained before the passing of this- Ad, and shall also ered \Veirs or Overfalls in the fame Drain or Delph and put down Tunnels where necessary through the inner Bank thereof, and also under the main Drains between the respective Embankments for conveying Water into the said Fens and Low Lands for the Purposes aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees for the Time Delph and being for the Preservation of the Works of Drainage within such Tunnel* at of the respective Embankments in the said First District as are interested [JeNav!4^ in the Use of the Drain or Delph directed to be made at the Back of the tion Bank ' South Bank of the said Navigation for the Purpose of conveying Water how repaired, through the fame, or any Five, or more of such Trustees, shall and may,

and th’ey are hereby authorized and required, by and out of the Monies that may come into their Hands respectively as such Trustees as aforei'aid, to maintain, Tappcrt, and keep the said Drain or Delph, and the several Tunnels communicating the rewith, in good and sufficient Repair, and also to put down Tunnels, if required, through the Bank separating the Fen from the Dale Lands in the respective Parishes, Townships, or Hamlets of Blankney, Linwood, Martin, Timberland, Timberland-Thorpe and Walcot aforesaid, and that the Costs and Charges of the said Repairs shall be borne and defrayed by an equal Acre Rate or lax upon all the Lands within the said respective Embankments taking in Water from the said Drain or Delph; and if the Trustees for- any of the said embanked Lands shall neglect or decline to concur in the doing of such Repairs, it shall be lawful for the Trustees of any other of the said embanked Lands from Time to Time to do the fame, and to sue for and recover the Charges and Expences occasioned thereby after the Rate or Proportion aforesaid, against the respective Trustees so neglecting or declining, with Colts, by Action of Debt in one of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners Drain* in the shall and they are hereby empowered and required by and out of the Mo- Eirft and [Loc. Csf Per.J 23 Z t nies,

2114 48'^EORCxII Hi. Cap. 108.

tri£b to be nigs to arise and be received under the Authority of this Act, to cause

deepened, Wajhinghrough Drain or Channel, and the several Drains, Channels, or Delphs extending from the said Carr Dike to the River Witham, between or adjoining upon the respective Embankments in the First District, and also the several Drains, Channels, or . Delphs extending from the High Lands on the North Side of the River Wit,bam through the said Third District that were directed to be scoured out and embanked by the said recited Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to be respectively scoured out, widened, deepened, and enlarged in proportion to the lowered Surface of the Water in the said River Witham, and also cause the Banks of all the said Drains, Channels, or Delphs in both the said Districts, to be increased to such Height, Strength, and Dimensions as shall be requisite or necessary for effectually protefting the Lands adjoining thereon respectively against Injury from Floods; and that if by reason of deepening any of the Drains, Channels, or Delphs, in either of the said Districts any Lands within the same shall be deprived of their accustomed Supply of Water for the Use of Cattle and for Fences in dry Seasons, and shall not obtain an adequate Supply by the Means hereinbefore provided, it shall be lawful for the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, at their own proper Costs and Charges from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, to place moveable Shuttles in any of the said Drains, Channels or Delphs, and put down Tunnels through the respective Banks thereof, where necessary, to raise and divert the Waters through such Tunnels for the Purposes aforesaid, and that the said several Drains, Chan, nels, or Delphs between or adjoining upon the respective Embankments in the said First District shall also be deepened to such Extent as will afford to the Owners and Occupiers of Lands adjoining thereon respectively such and the like Benefit in the Use thereof in every Respect as they now enjoy or are entitled to along the fame Drains, Channels, or Delphs, to and from the River Witham*'

Communica- XVII. Whereas the deserting or abandoning the old Course or Chan-tion with nei of said River Witham, by means or in consequence of the new preserved. all Cut hereinbefore directed to be made from HorJIey-Dceps to the Woad Houses in the Parish of Fijkerton, will injure the Outfall of Bar/ings-Eau, and prevent the Waters thereof from being discharged into the said River Witham; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners of Drainage, and they are hereby required, immediately after the said new Cut shall be made and completed, to scour and deepen the old Course or Channel of the said River Witham downward from Barlings-Eau to its Junction with the said New Cut, so as the Bottom of the said River Witham may be Twenty Feet wide and Six Feet below the Average Level of the taxable Lands adjoining thereon for the Space aforesaid: And the said General Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to embank the said old Course or Channel of the said River Witham to such Height and with Banks of such Strength and Dimensions, with proper Forelands as shall be requisite ornecessary, and so as that the Waters of Bariings-Eau and the fide Drains communi-. eating the rewith shall and may puss into the said River Witham, or proposed new Cut, at or near to Horsley Deeps,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 108. 2115

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the cleansing, scouring, wi- Works to be dening, deepening, and enlarging the said River Witham, and the several executedPro-fide Drains and Channels communicating the rewith, and forming the grt vey# Banks thereof respectively as herein directed, shall be proceeded upon

from the Grand Sluice upwards progressively, to the Intent that no Part of the Lands adjoining upon or lying contiguous to the said River,

Drains, or Cuts, may be endangered, prejudiced, or affected by the Execution of any Works in the upper Part of the said River, or above any such Drains or Cuts, before the Works upon the said River Witham below the same shall be in a State and Condition to admit the Passage of the Flood Waters along the same to and through the said Grand Sluice to the Sea.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if by making the said ne.w Cuts Drainage for

in Billinghay Dales, and Branjion Fen, any Lands adjoining upon or lying ^ePa’

contiguous thereto or to the said River Witham, for the Space the said Queta y River shall be deferred for such Cuts, shall be prevented or hindered from draining by their accustomed Outfall, or shall be prejudiced in such Drainage,

that then and in such Case the said General Commiihoners shall and they are hereby required to make a Drain or Delph of sufficient Capacity along the Back of the said Navigation Bank, and place one or more Tunnel or Tunnels through the said Bank, in such Situation or Situations as will afford an effectual Drainage for such Lands into the said Navigation, or shall cause such Works of Drainage to be made, done, and executed, and the ancient Course of the said River' Witham to be embanked to such Extent as will obtain for the said Lands the fame or the like protection and Benefit of Drainage as is now enjoyed by or shall be had and obtained, by virtue of this Act, for the Lands from which they shall be separated by the making of the said Cuts; and the said General Commissioners shall nlfo cause Tunnels wherd necessary, to be put down, through the Bank of the said Navigation, for affording a Supply of Water for Cattle and Fences in the Lands deprived thereof by the making of the said Guts.

XX. And be it further enacted That the Scite or Bed of the said Suteof th-River Witham, for the Space the same shall be departed from and deserted Witham by reason of the making the said new Cuts or either of them, shall be, ,v^ere

and the fame is hereby vested in the said General Commissioners to be by General* m them or any Five or more of them disposed of in such Manner as they Commission. shall think necessary and proper for the general Works of Drainage, and m--the better Execution of this Act.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Controul Controul over the Tunnel directed to be placed through the Navigation Bank at ^'ert,ie.

1flaf!)inghorough Weir, shall be vested in the fame fruflees, or Persons in

whom the PovVer is hereby vested to cleanse and scour out the Delph ex- rough W«ir", tending therefrom at the Back of the Navigation Bank along the said First District, and the fame Trustees or any Five or more of them, or their Agent thereunto lawfully authorized, are and is hereby empowered to open or shut the said Tunnel as Occasion shall require, as well, for admitting Water through the fame in'tlry Seasons, as for preventing the Waters of the said River Witham from passing into the said Delph in Times cf Flood.

21l6

For improving the Out-MI from the

Well of’ Lincoln.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 108.

XXII. And whereas the Outfall of the River Without Would be farther improved to the Benefit both of the Drainage and Navigation |f an encreased Passage was made for the Flood Waters of the said River from the Wed Side of the City of Lincoln, Ee it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said General Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required, (if the Funds to be taised under the Authority of this Act shall be found adequate to bear and defray the Expences attending the fame, after the several other Works hereinbefore directed shall have been first executed and completed,) to cattfe the Weir in the Ead Bank of the River Witham at the Head of Little Gcwt Drain to be taken down and removed, and the Weir in the lame Bank at the Head of Bargate Drain enlarged to such Dimensions as shall be equal to the present Weir, and also to the Weir at the said Little Gowt Drain, and placed cn the fame Level as the increased or heightened Weir at or near th'e said intended Lock in the Parish of Wajhingborough, allowing for the Declivity of the Water between the said Weirs, and shall also put down One or more Sluice or Sluices in the said Bargate Drain Weir of such Dimensions as the said General Commissioners or any Seven or more of them shall deem proper, which Sluice or Sluices from and after the making and putting down the same shall for ever thereafter be and continue under the foie Direction and Controul of the said General Commissioners; provided the Slackers of the said last-mentioned Sluice or Sluices are not drawn or suffered to remain open at any Time when the Surface of the Water in the said River Witham adjoining thereon shall be below the Top of the said Weir, nor fuftered to remain (hut when the Surface of I he Water in the said River Witham shall be Three Inches above the Top of such Weir, without the Consent of the Mayor of the City of Lincoln for the Tithe being, and the Lessee or Lenses of the Fosdike Navigation, or of their Agent thereunto lawfully authorized; and in case the said Sluice or Sluices shall at any Time or Times be fullered to remain open or shut contrary to the Directions or Restrictions aforesaid, then and in either of the said Cafes it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mayor of the City of Lincoln for the Time being, and the Lessee or Lessees of the said Fosdike Navigation, or either of them, or their Agent thereunto lawfully authorized, to Unit or open the lame as the Case may require; and the said General Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them shall and may also take down and rebuild Bargate Bridge with a clear Waterway of Twenty Feet at the lead, and scour out, deepen widen, and enlarge the said Bargate Drain from its Commencement West-ward to the Diltance of Twelve Chains below the said Bargate Bridge, and from thence make a new Drain in a direct Line over certain Old Inclosures to or near to Bailey’s Sluice with a Bottom of not less than Twenty Feet, and also enlarge, if necessary, the Delph at the Back of the Navigation Bank from Bailey’s Sluice to below the said intended Lock in the Parish of Wajhingborough, and make another Drain from the End of the Great Gowt Drain at Sincel Dike, of the fame Dimensions as the said Great Gowt Drain now is, to communicate with the Extension of the said Bargate Drain, and shall form the Earth that comes out of the said respective Drains into Banks, where necessary, with the like Slopes or Batters as are before directed respecting the Banks of the said River Witham. 6f ’

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 108. 2117

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Powers and Provi- Provisions fions contained in the Paid recited Act: of the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relate to, concern, or regulate the Paf- stamp End sage of the Waters of the said River Witham, over the Weir and through Weir extend-the present Sluices at Stamp End Lock, shall immediately upon the mak- to the ing and completing of the Weir at or near to the said intended Lock in the Parish of Wajhingborough* and putting down Sluices therein as herein OUgtl directed, apply and be extended to the Lower or South Part of the said last-mentioned Weir, and to the Sluices in the fame Weir, until the in-ereased Passage for the Flood Waters of the River With am, from Bargate Drain Weir to Bailey's Sluice shall be effected, and the said Lower Part of Wajhingborough Weir increased or heightened as herein also directed, and that the several Persons and Parties in whom the Power and Controul over the present Sluices in Stamp End Weir is velted by the said Act, shall have and are hereby respectively inverted during the Time aforesaid, with such and the like Power and Controul in every Respect over the said intended Sluices in Wajhingborough Weir, and that immediately upon the Completion of the said increased Passage, for the Flood Waters from Bargate Drain Weir to Bailey's Sluice, and the said Lower Part of Wajlsingborough Weir shall have been increased or heightened as aforesaid, then and from thenceforth, and at all Times thereafter, the like Power and Controul over the Sluices in the said Washing-borough Weir, with respect to the fliutting down the fame, whenever the Surface of the Water in the said River Witham shall be below the Top of the said last-mentioned encreased or heightened Weir, shall vert in and be exercised by the Mayor of Lincoln for the Time being, and the Lessee or Lessees of the Fafdike Navigation, and his or their Agent as is hereinbefore given to and verted in him and them respectively, with respect to the fliutting down the Sluices in the said Bargate Drain Weir, when the Surface of the Water in the said River Witham shall be below the Top of the said last-mentioned Weir, bur that the foie Controul over such Sluices in the said Wajhingborough Weir, for the Purpose of regulating the Passage of the Flood Waters through the fame, shall from and after the Completion of the said Works by Bargate Drain to Bailey's Sluice as hereinbefore mentioned, be and remain with the said General Conuniffioners.

XXIV. And in consideration of the Tolls and Duties intended to be Rate of hereby repealed, and of the great Charge and Expence which must be Tonnage, incurred in making and maintaining the Works hereby authorized to be made and maintained; Be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds, or any greater Sum, shall have been obtained by the said General Commissioners by the Transfer and Aflimi-xnent of the Tolls and Duties of the said Navigation as hereinafter mentioned, all and every the Tolls and Duties of the said Navigation that would have remained and continued due and payable to the said Commissioners for Navigation, if such Transfer or Assignment had not been made, shall from and immediately after the making and executing of the fame, be and become due and payable to, and shall be had, received, taken, and enjoyed by or on the Account of, or for the Benefit of the Person or Persons to whom such Transfer or Assignment shall have been made £hoc. ts9 Eer.~\ 24 A and

2118 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 108.

and executed upon the Schedule of Weights that now pass for a Ton on the said River Wiibam, until the several Works, Matters, and Things hereinbefore directed or authorized to be made, done, and executed, except the said Works for increasing the Passage for the Flood Waters from Bnrgate Drain Weir to Bailey s Sluice shall have been perk died and completed according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act:; and that when and as soon as the said Works, Matters and Things shall have been completed and perfected as aforesaid, and shall be certified by Writing so to be, under the Hands of any Seven or more of the said General C ommissioners, and advertised ift feme Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Lincoln, theii and from thenceforth, and from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, in lieu of the present Tolls and Duties imposed by the said recited Act, or payable under the Authority thereof, which it is hereby declared shall then cease and determine, there shall be paid for the Tonnage of all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities whatsoever carried or conveyed through or upon the Navigation of the said River Witham, except as after mentioned, the several Sums of Money following (that is to say);

For Goods, Wareg, Merchandize, or Commodities carried or conveyed from any Place within one Mile of Lincoln High Bridge to within the like Distance of the Grand Sluice near to Boston, or from any Place within One Mile of the said Grand Sluice to within the like Distance of Lincoln High Bridge, the Sum of Three Shillings per Ton; and for any Difiance upon the said Navigation not exceeding Twelve Miles, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence per Ton as and for a Grols Tonnage thereon:

And for Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities carried or conveyed any greater Difiance than Twelve Miles upon the said Navigation, and not being subject to the Payment of the said Gross Tonnage of Three Shillings per Ton, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny per Ton per Mile for whatever Distance the said Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities shall be carried or conveyed upon the said Navigation; provided the aggregate Toll or Duty after the Rate aforesaid shall not exceed the said Gross Tonnage of Three Shillings per Ton; and that in all Cafes where there shall be a Fraction of a Quarter of a Mile in the Difiance which any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel shall be navigated or pass through or upon the said Navigation, such Fraction shall, in ascertaining the said Tolls and Duties, be deemed and considered as a Quarter of a Mile; and that in all Cafes where there shall be a Fraction of a Quarter of a Ton in the Weight of Lading in any Boat, Barge, or other Vessel so to be navigated or to pass on the said Navigation, the same shall for the Purposes of this Act be deemed and taken to be a Quarter of a Ton.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities on which a Toll or Duty shall become due or payable under the Authority of this Act shall, for the Purpose of ascertaining such Toll or Duty, be estimated and taken to be of the several Weights following, and be paid for accordingly, (that is to say);

Weight of Goods, See. on which Toll payable.

Coals

48° GEORGII III. Cap. ro8.

Quality. Quantity. Weight. Quality. Quantity. Weight.

Coals - - - - One Chaldron suns. Ctvt. 3 Five Feet and half

Coak - - - - 100 Strike - - 1 — Polls |9o - - - - I

Oats Malt or Bark i o Quarters - 1 — Single Deals - Half hundred I —

Barley and Rape 7 Quarters - - 1 — Double Deals - -'Quarter hundd. I —

Wheat, Beans, Battens - - - - i hundred I —

and Peas, 5 Quarters 1 — Thatch Keed - - hundred

Whole Lime - - t Chal. and f - 1 — Bunches - - I —

Slacked Lime - - 2 Chaldrons - 1 — Groceries - la Hogsheads I —

Potatoes - - - 130 Pecks - - 1 — Wcad .... 1 D° -

Timber, Oak, Spetches - - - J Packs - - I —

Ash, or Elm 40 Feet - - 1 — Squares at 9 inches!250 - - I —

Fir Timber - - 50 Feet - - 1 — Sheep - - - - 8,0 r - - I —

Bricks - w - - s hundred - - 1 — Porter - - - 6 Barrels - I —

Flat Tiles - - - One thousand 1 — Flour - 8 Sacks - - I

Pan Tiles - - - <500 - *- 1 — Seeds - - - - 10 Quarters - 1 —

Oil Cakes - - - 6 Pounds and Glass . . . . 12 whole Crates I —

a half a Pair > 1 — Hemp Seed - - 40 Strike - I —

one thousand j Posts 4§ feet - - 120 - - - I

Other Oil Cakes Pavement Bricks 300 . . . I —

in Proportion Stone - - - - 16 Cubic Feet I —

Wine - - - 2 Pipes - - - 1 — Paving Stone - - roSuperficial

Felloes - - - 1 — yards - -3

Seven feetPofls 60 . - - - 1 — IPots - . . - 6 Crates - 1 —

All other Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, not mentioned in the above Schedule, to be estimated and paid for after the Rate of Two thousand Two hundred and Forty Pounds per Ton.

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll or Toll not paid Duty shall be paid, taken, or demanded, for any Goods, Wares, Mer- f£r Goods chandize, or Commodities carried or conveyed from Brayford Meer through the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln, and which shall not pass Stamo End upon or through any Part of the said River Wit ham lying Eastward of Lock, nor a the Place where the old Stamp End Lock formerly flood, nor for any {*tcer,<^0^ Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities carried or conveyed t^rds^on through or upon any Part of the said River Witham above the said Place Baltic where the said Old Stamp End Lock formerly flood through the High Goods, &.c Bridge into Brayford Meer, nor shall any greater Toll or Duty be due or payable on the said Navigation upon Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities imported from the Baltic immediately into the Port of Bof ton, and which shall pass from thence into the said River Witham, nor for any Flint, Stone, Pig-iron, or Limestone carried or conveyed on the said River Witham than the Proportion of Two-thirds of the Toll due and payable under the Authority of this Act, for Goods, Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities of any other Sort or Description.

XXVII. Whereas by virtue of Two several Acts passed in the Thirty- Toll upon second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the one intituled, An j?°°tds pa^’ Act for enlarging and improving the Canal called Tattershall Canal from frn0smtOj.j"ril_ the River Witham to the Town of Tattershall, and extending the fame into castle or the River Bain, and for making the said River Bain navigable from thence Sleaford

21*20 48° GEORGII III. Cap. ioB.

to or into the Tozan of Horncastle, all in the County of Lincoln; and a If9 for amending and rendering complete the Navigable Communication between the said River ’Witham and the Fosdike Canal, through the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln; ami the other of the said Acts* intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigation from Sleaford Castle Cause-way through the iPdwn of Sleaford in the County of Lincoln along the Course of Sleaford Stream and Kyme Eau, to the 'River Witham, at or near Chapel Hill in the same County, and for making necessary Cuts for better effecting the said Navigation, all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities paying a Toll or Duty upon either of the said Canals or Navigations are subje&and liable to only One-half Part of the Toll or Duty payable under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign; Be it therefore enacted, That from ami after the Works herein directed shall have been completed, and the Tolls and Duties granted by this Act shall commence and become due and payable, all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities liable to the Payment of a Toll or Duty upon the said Horncastle and Sleaford Canals, or either of them, shall be and remain subject or liable to the present Toll or Duty of Nine-pence per Ton if carried or conveyed through or upon any Part of the said River Witham, and also to a further or additional Toll or Duty of One-half the Amount of the Toll or Duty now paid for such Goods, Wares, Merchandize, and Commodities upon the fame River, and that the Powers and Provisions in and by the said recited Acts respectively given and granted for preventing Frauds and Evasions in respect to the Payment of the Tolls and Duties that are due and payable upon the said River Witham under the said recited Acts, or either of them, shall extend to and may be used and exercised for preventing Frauds and Evasions in respect to the Tolls and Duties imposed by this Act.

XXVIII. And for the better ascertaining, and more easy, effectual, and just Collection of the said Tolls and Duties hereby directed to be paid upon the said Navigation, Be it further enacted, That the Matter* Owner, or other Person having the Care of any Boat or other V'efTel navigating upon the said Navigation or upon any Part or Parts thereof, shall give to the Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls and Duties, or to any other Officer to be appointed for such Purpose by the said C.ommissioners for Navigation, at the Place or Places where he or they shall attend for that Purpose, a just Account in Writing, signed by the Master, Owner, or other Person or Persons having the Care of such Boat or other Vesse), of the Quanti-tities and Weight of such Goods and other Things and of their Nature, Sort, or Kind which shall be embarked in or upon each such Boat or other Vessel, from whence brought and where the fame is intended to be landed; but if the Goods or other Things contained in any such Boat or other Vessel shall be liable to the Payment of different 'Lolls or Duties, then such Master, Owner, or other Person shall specify the Quantities liable to the Payment of each of the said Tolls or Duties, and in case he or they shall neglect or refuse to give such Account, or shall refuse to produce his or their Invoice or Bill or Lading to the Officer demanding the fame, or shall with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls or Duties or any Part thereof, give a false Account, or deliver any Part of such Lading or Goods at any other Place or Places than what is or are mentioned in that Account, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings for every Ton of Goods or other Things (and so in

pro-

Mailers of Boats to give Account of Lading.

2I2t

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 108.

proportion for any less Quantity than a Ton) which shall be in or be conveyed by such Boats or other Vessels respectively, of which or of whose l acting such Account shall be refused, or such false Account given, or whose Lading shall be delivered out as aforesaid, as the Case shall happen to be, over and above the aforesaid respective Tolls or Duties which shall be payable for the fame, to be recovered upon Conviction of the Person or Persons offending, before any Justice of the Peace for the County,

City, Parts, Division, or Place adjoining, upon or in which the Offence shall be committed, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, by Distress and Sale of a sufficient Part of the Cargo or Lading of any such Boat or other Vessel, or any of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, under the Hand and Seal of such Justice before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, rendering the Overplus, if any,

(the reasonable Charges being first deduced,) to such Offender or Offenders, and for want of sufficient Distress such Offender or Offenders shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, be committed to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Three Months, nor less than One Month, or until such Penalty shall be paid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be Mileflones to after the said Works shall have been completed, the said General Commis- be set(lowa. sioners shall cause the Extent of the said Navigation to be measured, and

Stones, with proper Inscriptions, erected, and ever after maintained by the Side of the said Navigation at the Distance of One Mile from each other, and also measure, and by the like or other Means ascertain and denote the Distance of each Quarter of a Mile upon the said Navigation.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds both Tax charged

open and inclosed, lying within the said First, Third, and Fifth Distriftsand on.theI^»3'b which are now-charged with and made liable to the Tax laid on the Lands DiU

within the said respective Districts, under or by virtue of the said recited Act, shall and they are hereby declared to consist of Four several Classes or Divisions, and to be respectively charged with and made subject to the several equal Yearly Rates and Taxes following, over and above the Rates and Taxes charged thereon respectively by virtue of the said recited Act; (that is to say) the Lands lying within the First and Third Districts that are now charged with the Payment of the Rate or Tax imposed by the said General Commissioners under the Authority of the said recited Act, and which are unembanked and liable to be overflowed by the Flood Waters of the River Wit-ham, and also the Dale Lands lying within the Parishes, Hamlets, or Townships of Blankney, Linwood and Martin, that were embanked under the Authority of ail Act passed in the Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign hereinafter recited, shall be* ‘ taxed and charged with the Annual Rate or Tax of One Shilling and Sixpence per Statute Acre; that the Residue of the Lands lying within the said Parishes, Hamlets, or Townships of Blankney, Linwood, and Martin, and also the Lands in the Parishes of Methcringham, Qunston,.

Notion, Potterhanworth, and Bransion, respectively liable to the Tax charged by the fame recited Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty's Reign, but which are embanked and protefted from such Flood Waters, shall be taxed and charged with the Annual Rate or Tax of One b* Per.J *4 B Shillings

«i22 48° GEORGII III.' Cdp.'i08.

grilling jWr Statute Acre: that the Lands in the said Parishes, Town ships or Hamlets of Timberiand, Timberland-Thorpe, Walcott, BUlmghay, and Dogdike^ in the said First District, and in the Parishes of KirkJIeaJ, and Tattershall in the hjid Third District, liable to the 1 ax imposed by the said recited Act, shall be taxed and charged with an Annual Rate or lax of Sixpence/* Statute Acre; and the Lands lying within the said Fifth Biilrift, and liable to such lax, shall be taxed and charged with an An-.nual Rate or Tax of Threepence per Statute Acre; and that the said CsrruSonera General Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby empowered to nay borrow borrow and obtain any.jSum or Sums of Money, not exceeding shirty Money on thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the said Rates or Taxes, imposed such Taxes, by this Act, by such and the like Means, and to grant such and the like Securities for the fame, and at such Rate of Interest as the said General Commissioners were authorized and empowered to raiie Money and grant Securities under or by virtue of the said recited Act; and the Rates or Taxes imposed on such Lands by this Act shall and may be collected, levied, and recovered of such Person and Persons, and by such and the like Ways and Means as the Rates and laxes charged thereon by virtue of the said recited Act, can or may be received, collected, levied, and recovered; provided that no Security or Securities to be granted by the said General Commissioners upon the Rates and Taxes imposed by this Act, shall prejudice, lessen, invalidate, or affect any Security or Securities already granted or to be hereafter granted by the fame Commissioners upon the Credit of the Rates and Taxes imposed by or under the Authority of the said recited Act of the Second Year of flis present Majesty's Reign.

Lands not

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing Witham 4A herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to rate or charge exempted with the Tax imposed by this Act, any Lands or Grounds within the from the Tax said First, Third, and Fifth Districts, or any of them, which are exo-i-'npo^!nerated or difeharued from the Payment of the Rate or Tax imposed this Act. u u r 4 v i \ a by the said recited Act.

Taxes may

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, be redeemed. or 0^jgr person or Persons interested in any Lands or Commons within the said First, Third, or Fifth Districts shall bedefirous of exonerating the fame from the Rate or Tax charged thereon by this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said General Commissioners for Drainage, and they are hereby authorized and directed to accept and take in Payment such Sum of Money pr Statute Acre, not being Ids than Twenty Years Purchase, as in their Judgment shall be a full and proper Conlkleration for the Redemption and Discharge of such Lands from all or any Part of such Rates or Taxes; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Treasurer of the said General CommifTiGners for Drainage for the Time being, shall be a good and sufficient Due barge and l)ii charges to the Person or Persons paying the fame, and shall be allowed good Lvidence of such Payment in any of Kis Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; and the Lands or Commons in respect whereof such Payment shall be made as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth for ever thereafter be exonerated and discharged of and from the Rates and Taxes imposed by this Act, and which shall have been redeemed and compensated for as aforesaid.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. ro8. 2123

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and as

soon as any Money shall have been borrowed on the Credit of the Rates t°JnofTaxrs and Taxes charged by this Act upon the Lands in the said Firff, Third, to be applied and Fifth Districts, all and every Sum and Sums of Money which shall at in Reduction any Time thereafter be paid to or received by the said General Com- the I)eot* missioners, for or in respect of the Redemption and Bi(charge of any such Lands from the said Rates and 'Faxes, pursuant to the Power herein contained, shall be applied in satisfying arid discharging the Monies so borrowed, either rateably or otherwise, as the said General Commissioners shall deem expedient, to the Intent that the Securities granted on the Credit of the said Rates and Faxes, may not be lelfened, prejudiced, or diminished.

XXXIV. Whereas by an Act pafli-d in the Thirty-seventh Year of

His pjv: nt Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to embank and drain the open the Dajcs in and unembanked Lands qua Grounds lying between the Dale’s Head Dyke Walcbt, &c. and lbe River Witham, in the several Townships or Hamhtl and Parishes to be P»ld of dicot, Timberland-Thorpe, Timberland, Martin, Lin wood, and *°r‘ Blankney, all in the County of Lincoln; It was enacted, That the Directions in the said Act contained for raising and defraying the Charges and Expences of making and erecting the Bank over the Low Lands along or near the Course of the River Witham should not preclude or prejudice ' the Owners or Proprietors of Lands respectively, by and at whole Expence the said Bank should be made and erected, their respective Heirs or Assigns from being reimbursed.the said Charges and Expences, or such Share and Proportion thereof as the said General Commissioners at any ol their Meetings to be held for executing the said Act should admit and allow to have been necessarily expended in making the same; Be it therefore enacted, That the 'Rate or Tax of Sixpence per Acre hereby im posed on the said Lands in Timberland, Timber land- Thorpe, and H'al-cot Dales, and the Rare or Tax of One Shilling and Sixpence per Acre hereby also imposed on the Lands in Martin, Linwood, and Blankney Dales, respectively embanked under the Authority of the said last recited Act, shall nor, nor shall any Part of the said respective Rates or Taxes attach upon the said Lands or any of them, or accrue or become payable in rdpect thereof until so much and such Part of the Charges and 3ixpences of making and erecting the Bank over the said Lands along or near the Course of the said River Witham shall be paid, satisfied, and tiifeharged as the Owners or Proprietors of the said Lands for the Time being shall make appear to the Satisiuftion of the said General Commissioners, or any r ive or more of them, was necessarily expended in making and erecting the said Bank, of the Dimeufions and in Manner, in and by the said recited Act directed and required, and that all such Monies, after the Amount thereof shall have been so ascertained as aforesaid, shall be recoverable of the said General Commissioners by and out of the Monies to be raised under the Authority of this Act, by such and the like Ways and Means as other Monies due and owing from the said General Com-iiiiflioners can-or may be recovered.

XXXV. Provided always and be it further enacted, That no Part of Tax on Dif-the Money herein authorized to be raised on the Credit of the Rates and triAs when Taxes charged upon the Lands in the said First, Third, and Fifth Dif- to bt U'ifts shall be borrowed or obtained thereon, nor shall the said Lands or

3t any

1124-

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 108.

any of them be subjeflor liable to the Payment of such Rates or Taxes or any Part thereof respectively, until the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds shall have been fir (I raised by the said General Commissioners under the Powers vested in them by the said recited Act, and applied in and towards the Execution of the Works required to be made, done, and executed under the Authority of this Act, and until the further Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds at the least shall have been also borrowed or obtained by the said General Commissioners under the Authority likewise vested in them by this Act, upon the Tolls and Duties hereby charged on Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities carried or conveyed through or upon the said Navigation.

Monie* raised

XXXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Witham^A0 Gonta*ned ^all exfend or be construed to extend to prevent or hinder the may heap-'"' General Commissioners for Drainage, or the said Commissioners for plitd in ext- Navigation, from making, doing, or executing any of the Works required to cutiogWorks be made, done and executed under the Authority of this Act, by and out ^on*es T^at maY rai^ or received, or come into their Hands for the Execution of the Trulls vested in them respectively by the said recited

Ad, and that any Monies so applied by the said General Commissioners, shall be deemed, considered, and taken as Part of the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds required to be raised by them as aforesaid, upon the Credit of the Taxes imposed by the same Act.

Power ta

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commis-execute sioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall be and they are hereby

Workiv invested with such and the like Powers and Authorities in all Respects and

to all Intents and Purposes for making and completing, repairing, supporting, and maintaining the several Works to be made, done, and ex. ecuted, repaired, supported, and maintained by their Direction or under their Authority by virtue of this Act, as if such Works had been particularly mentioned and directed, or authorized to have been done by them under the Authority of the said recited Act, they the said General Commissioners, their Servants, Labourers, and Workmen, doing as little Damage as may be in the carrying of this Act into Execution, and making Satisfadon in the Manner mentioned in the said recited Act, for the Purchase of Lands used in the Execution of this Act, and for all such Damages as shall be sustained by the Owners or Proprietors of, or other Persons imerested in the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respective-'ly, which shall be used, or prejudiced by the Orders and Directions of the said General Commissioners in the making and completing any such Works; and the said General Commissioners, their Servants, Workmen and Labourers, and all an'.! every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate and Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees Feoffees in trull for charitable Uses and other Purposes, Committees, Executors, and Administrators, and all other Trustees and every other Person and Persons whensoever shall have, and.is, and are hereby inverted with such and the like Authorities, Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, and shall be.

' , , 7 , ...... Xipp^cU

m relation to the making and completing, repairing, supporting, and

2125

£8° GEORGII III. Cap. ioS.

maintaining of the several Works to be made and completed, repaired, supported, and maintained by and under the Authority of the said General Commissioners by virtue of this Act, as are mentioned, given, granted, prescribed, established, 3nd inflicted in and by the said recited Act, in relation to the Works required to be done and executed under the Authority thereof; and the said Commissioners for Navigation are hereby in like Manner inverted, with the fame Powers and Authorities for ascertaining, collecting, receiving, and recovering the Tolls and Duties charged by this Act upon the said Navigation, as they would have been entitled to life and exercise for the ascertaining, collecting, recovering and receiving the Tolls and Duties under the said recited Act, if this Act had not been parted.

XXXVIII. Whereas by reason of the Division and Inclosure of certain General Commonable Lands, and the Enjoyment thereof in Severalty, the Rates Commission-and Taxes charged thereon by the said recited Act of the Second Year of b°rrow His present Majesty's Reign have been increased, and a (till farther In- 30,000?. to-crease of the said Rates and Taxes may be exp'eded to arise and be deriv- wards the ed from the Division and Inclosure of other Commonable Lands, and Execution of the like Enjoyment thereof in Severalty, to an Extent in the whole that the

will enable the said General Commissioners to borrow and obtain on the Rates and Taxes imposed under the Authority of the said recited Act, the farther or additional Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, which the said General Commissioners are desirous to obtain and apply in and towards the Execution of this Act as the belt Means by which the Purposes of the said recited Act can be effected; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and required to borrow and raise in one or more Sum or Sums of Money to the Amount in the whole of the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, by such and the like Means, and to grant such and the like Securities for the fame, and at such Rate of Imereft as the said General Commissioners would have been authorized and empowered to raise the fame for the Purposes of the said recited Act; and they are hereby also required to apply the Monies so raised for and towards the Execution of ths Ad, in such and the like Manner as the Monies to be had and obtained on the Tolls and Duties of the said Navigation, or upon the Rates and Taxes hereby charged on the said Firrt, Third, and Fifth Dirtrids are directed and authorized to be applied.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for Commission-the said General Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, to borrow erf may ob* or other wise obtain on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties hereby charged

on the said Navigation, the Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds, or such uon Tofu, greater Sum as the said General Commissioners shall deem it expedient to raise on the said Tolls and Duties towards efleding the several Purposes of this Act, and to grant such and the like Securities for the Monies so to be borrowed or obtained as the said Commissioners for Navigation were authorized and empowered to grant for Monies advanced upon the Tolls and Duties charged on the said Navigation under or by virtue of the said recired Ad; or otherwise it shall and may be lawful lor the said General Commissioners, or any 'Fen or more of them, at a Special Meeting of the said General Commissioners, at which Fifteen Commissioners at the leart shall be present, and of which Meeting One Month’s previous ILoc. Ss* JPer-2 24 C ~ Notice

2126 4§° GEORGII III. Cap. 108.

Notice shall be given in the Lincoln and Stamford New (papery or in fudh other Newspapers as may then be usually circulated in the County of Lin-, coin, (specifying the Purpose for which such Meeting shall be held,) to obtain and procure the said Sum of Seventy thousand Pounds, or such greater Sum as the said General Commissioners shall consent and agree to ac-" cept and take, as a Consideration for the Transfer and Assignment of the Tolls and Duties hereby imposed on the said Navigation, from any Person or Persons willing to advance the fame; and upon Payment thereof to the said General Commissioners, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as shall be then also agreed upon, it shall and may be lawful for the said General Commissioners, or any Ten or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to assign and transfer to the Person or Persons making such Payment the Tolls and Duties arising and to arise from the said Navigation by virtue of this Act, in the Form following; that is to say,

4|>Y virtue of an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled \insert the Title of this Act~\ We being of the General

4 Commissioners named in or appointed by or under the Authority of an Act passed in the Second Year of the fame Reign, intituled, An Act for [insert the Title of Witham Aft~\ in consideration of the Sum ‘ of to us in: hand paid by \insert the Names and

4 Additions of the AJfignees~\ Do hereby bargain, fell, assign, and transfer unto the said [Names of the AJfignees] their Executors, Admini- strators, and Assigns, all and Angular the Toils and Duties arising by virtue of the Navigation of the River Witham, in the County of Lin- coin, and all the Right, Title, and Interest, of, in, and to the fame,

4 to hold unto the said

their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to

and for their own proper and absolute Use and Benefit for ever. In 4 witness whereof we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, the

4 Day of

And the Money so to be obtained, and also the Monies and Effects of the said Commissioners for Navigation that shall remain unappropriated after the Debts due and owing on the Credit of the said Tolls and Duties, and all other Debts and Demands outstanding against the said Commissioners for Navigation have been satisfied and discharged, shall be paid over to the said General Commissioners, and laid out and applied for and towards the making and completing the Works hereby authorized to be made, and other the Purposes of this Act, and to no other Use or Purpose whatsoever.

Power of

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any mTor Navi" ^me hereafter the Tolls and Duties imposed by this Act upon Goods, gauon to3VI Wares, Merchandize, or Commodities carried or conveyed through or ccafe on upon the said River Witham, shall be assigned or transferred by the said To.Is being General Commissioners in exercise ofuand pursuant to the Power veiled assigntd. m them in that Behalf, then and immediately after the making and executing such Transfer or Alignment, and the same shall have been certified to the said Commissioners for Navigation, and advertised as herein -‘directed, the Powers and Authorities uf the said Commissioners for

Navi-

2127

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 10S.

Navigation (halt cease and be for ever extinguished. and the fame is and are hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if the said General Com- Aflisrnee* missioners dial 1 at any Time hereafter make and execute such Transfer,

or Alignment of the Tolls and Duties imposed by this Act upon the Power to col-said Navigation, as is herein authorized, that then and from thenceforth ltft. them, the Person or Persons to whom such Transferor Alignment shall be made, his or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have and be entitled to use and exercise, and are hereby inverted with such and the like Powers and Authorities for the ascertaining, collecting, recovering, and receiving the said Tolls and Duties so to be transferred or aligned, and for repairing, supporting, and maintaining the fever*! Works hereinbefore directed to be repaired, supported and maintained by and out of the Tolls and Duties to arise and be received from the said Navigation, in as full and ample a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the said Commissioners for Navigation would have been entitled to use and exercise, or would have remained invelted with for the Recovery of the fame Tolls and Duties, or the Tolls and Duties charged upon the said Navigation, under or by virtue of the said recited Act, if such Transfer or Alignment had not been made, or this Act had not been passed.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time after the said Repairs of intended Lock and Stanch in the Parish of Wajhingborough and the N‘av^Ulon said Navigable or Pen Sluice, and the said Haling Path, and the Bridges b\* Gen-ra"2 in the Line of the said Haling Path, and also over the said new Cuts shall Commission-have been reflectively made and completed, and the Tolls and Dudes of ers if«eg!e<a. the said Navigation shall have been transferred or assigned by the said General Commissioners pursuant to the Power for that Purpose herein contained, the said several Works, or any of them, shall be out of Repair, or otherwise defective, and shall so continue after a reasonable Time given to the Collector or Collectors of the said Tolls and Duties, by Nonce in Writing from the said General Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to repair and restore the fame, that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said General Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to causeany of the said Works to be welland sufficiently repaired and restored, and the Expences occasioned thereby shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the Assignee or Assignees of the said Tolls and Duties, his or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in like Manner as if the fame had been done by or under his or their Direction; and in default of Payment of such Expences to the said General Commissioners or their Surveyor, within T hirty Days next after Demand made thereof, it shall be lawful for the said General Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, by Warrant under their Elands and Seals, to appoint One or more Person or Persons to enter upon and receive the 'Lolls and Duties collected or paid upon the said Navigation, and apply the Monies so to be received in discharge of such Expences, until the fame, together with alL Costs and Charges of receiving the said 'lolls and Duties are fully paid and satisfied; and from and after Payment thereof, the Power and Authority of such Receiver or Receivers for the Purposes aforesaid shall cease and determine, or otherwise the Expences ,so incurred by the said General Commissioners as aforesaid may be sued for and recovered by them against the Person or Persons liable to pay the fame, by Action. of Debt in any of His Mai e fly’s Courts of Record at Westminster.

2128

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 10S.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if after all and every the Works of Drainage and Navigation her einbefore directed to be made shall have been executed and completed, and the increased Passage for the Flood Waters of the said River Wttkam from the West! Side of the Cfty of Lincoln to Bailey’s Sluice, below the said City, /nail have been effefled as herein authorized, there shall be and remain any Surplus of Monies raised under the Authority of this Act and the said recited A cl, over and above what shall or may be necessary for the fevers 1 Purposes aforesaid, that then and in such Case, the said General Commissioners for Drainage shall and they are hereby required forthwith to apply such Surplus Money for the Purpose of making, executing;, and completing the said Navigation from the said Grand Sluice to the High Bridge in the City of Lincoln, or for so much and such Part of that Distance as lies between the proposed Lock to be eroded in the Parish or Wajkingbo-rough and the said High Bridge in the City of Lincoln, as can be executed by means of the said Surplus Money, in such Manner, and to such increased Extent, both in the Dimensions of the said Navigation, the Locks therein, and the Bridges ever the fame, as that Ships or Vessels of Eighty Tons Burthen entering the said Navigation from the Sea may navigate and pass along the fame; and also in such further Extension of the Navigation of the said River Witham as could have been eifeded by the said Comiflicners for Navigation, by virtue of the Powers and Provisions of the said recited >Ad of the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, if this Act*had not been passed; and after such Application as aforesaid, the Overplus, if any, shall and may be applied and disposed of for any other the Purposes of the said recited Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed iawon wr.sn or awarded so be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur-exccfdinn; chafed, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the

tool. Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert,

Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the fame shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to hia Account there, ex parte the said General Commissioners, to the Intent , that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction, and with the Ap-

probation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in discharge of any Debt or Debts, or any Part thereof, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments {landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the fame shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled! to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenement;*, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be settle.1 or

deter-

For executing farther Works, of Navigation.

Application of Compert-

2 129

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 108.

determined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean time, or until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, on the Order of the said General Commissioners, in Writing, signed by them, and without any Order of the Court of Chancery, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank. Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, go and belong to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Application Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or where Money Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and doesnot belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Dif- 200l ancj ability as aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds shall exceed nor be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the fame 20I.

shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of any Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified by Writing under their respective Hands,) be paid into the Bank, in the Name, and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed: or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said General Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Money may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required l o obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.:

XLVI. Provided also, and be it further ended, Tint where such Application-Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be wif*>e the less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in such Case, the same shall be paid Money islcfc to the Person or Persons who would' for the Time being have been en- Lhau 20:,‘ titled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLVIL. And be it further enacted That in case the Person or Persons fn cafcofn to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase making out° of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue Titles, of this Act, shall lefufe to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said General Commissioners; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums or Perf<m* of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Pei*- ?nnof

±Lee. V Per.I UD son

Bank,

subjfft to Order of Court of Chancery

2130 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 108.

ch «fc Monry son or Persons, entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be into iff1* known or discovered, then and in every such Case, it (half and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments \jdefcrih:ng them], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, (hair be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the lame to- be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Dirtribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the PremiseS as to the said Court shall seem jurt and reasonable; and the Cashier or Gafhiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for w'hose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where any

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where anse tcuch- any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money i-.g such Wo- to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity ney. tW Per- of the Accountant General of the Clourt of Chancery, in pursuance fioVoMhe^" Act, *or l^e ^urc^e any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-

Lands, &c. rnents, or of any Estate, Right, or interest in any Lands, Tenement^ the Time or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any «f such Pur- Paftk. Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Di-be^emfd v'Qer-^s or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons entitled there- who shall have been in Poftellion of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereto according ditnments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under to fuih P°* such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Mho:-, unltf? pe)qon3j shall ne deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction ct the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that feme other Person or Persons was or were lawfully xiitnled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

The Court

XLIX. Provided also, and be Jfc further enacted,’ That where, by n* reaf°n of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Cor-

r/afonsble poration, entitled to any Lands, jjenements, or Hereditaments, to be txp<nce?of purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the Furdiaiers j'anie shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery and to be b° tag- aPP^ec^ Purchase other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments millionth ’ to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 108'.

for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said General Commissioners, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

L. And be it further enacted, That until such Time as the Tolls and Duties of the said Navigation shall be transferred and assigned, and the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds obtained on the Credit of the Rates and Taxes imposed under or by virtue of the said recited Act of the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as herein di-reded, nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to invalidate, Ieffen, alter, or take away any of the Rights,

Powers or Authorities which by the said recited Act were vested in the said General Commissioners and Commissioners for Navigation respectively; nor shall any Thing herein contained at any Time hereafter extend, or be construed to extend to Ieffen, invalidate, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities that were veiled in all or any of the Commissioners of Diflrids, appointed under or by virtue of the said recited Act, except so far as is requisite or necessary for the due Execution of this Act, but that the same shall respectively be, remain, and continue as fully to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made.

LI. Provided, and be it further enacted, That if at the Expiration of if Sum Ten Years from the Time of passing this Act, the Sum of Seventy thou- charged or> sand Pounds, or such greater Sum as aforesaid, authorized to be raised Navigation on the Credit of the Toils and Duties hereby charged on the said Na- n^.ff9noC vigation, shall not have been borrowed or obtained by the said General T;n Years £ommissioners under any of the Powers or Provisions in this Act con- l‘le Power of tained, and the said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds required to be bor- th,9fA& is to rowed by the said General Commissioners upon the Credit of the Rates cea e* and Taxes charged on the said Six Diflrids by virtue of the said recited Act, shall not have been obtained, that then, and in such Case, no Part of the Money authorized to be raised on the Rates and Taxes hereby charged upon the Lands in the said First, Third, and Fifth Diflrids, shall be raised, nor shall the said Lands, or any of them, remain charged with, or liable to the Payment of such lad mentioned Rates and Taxes, or any Parc thereof, but that then and from thenceforth the several Works both of Drainage and Navigation authorized or required to be made, done, ancf executed by or under the Authority of this Act, and thq Powers and Provisions herein contained in relation thereto, shall respectively cease and determine: and that all and every the Powers, Provisos, Clauses,

Provisions, Matters, and Things contained in or enacted in and by the said recited Acts or any of them, shall from thenceforth be and remain in full Force and Effect in as ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made.

LII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and p taken to be a Public Act, and shall be.Judicially taken Notice of as such 1 J '

by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*-:iH»MH!f*

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Second Year of His present Majesty, for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts in the Town and County of the Town of

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the 2 G. 3.

more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Town and County of the ‘Town of Kingston upon Hull, which hath been found uief’ul and beneficial, but the fame is in some Re-speds dcfcdive and inefficient fully to answer the good Purposes thereby intended: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Improvement and Encouragement of Trade, and to the necessary Support and Protection of useful Credit within the said Town and County, if the Powers of the Court constituted by the said recited Act of Parliament were extended to the Recovery of Debts no: exceeding Five Pounds, and if the Number of the Commissioners of the said Court were enlarged, and if the Powers and Provisions of the said Act were in some other Respects altered, amended, and enlarged; May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That lo much and such Parts of the said recited Act of the Second Year [Loc. (A Per.] 2\ E of

Cap. 109.

Kings ton-icpon-Hull.

[ 18th June 1808.]

2*34- 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 109.

of the Reign of His present Majesty, as confine or retrain the Cognizance nr Jurisdiction of the Court of Requests for the said Town and County of the Town of K:ngston-upon Hull, to Debts under the Value of Forty Shillings, shall from and after the Second Monday next after the passing of this Act be and the same are hereby repealed.

Commit-

II. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor and Aldermen of

toners. tire Town of Kingston upon-HuU for the Time being, together with the following Persons, videlicet, John Storm, John Chapman, William Martin, "John Ferraby, Robert Simpson, William Shackles, George Spence,

'John Spence, William Bur land, George Chapman, Edward Chapman, William Levett, John Lawson, John Simpson, William Hall, Thomas Waltham, John West, John Briggs, Garrison Briggs, John Iludson, Samuel King, Charles Newbald, Edward Johnson, Thomas Locke. William h’ora-castle, William Corlafs, Christopher Bolton, George Coulson, John New-tnarch, Caius Thompson, William Smith, John Burftall, Richard South-erne, George Alder, William Todd, Anthony Joses, George Rudfton and Thomas Ellison Collinfon, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting the Paid recited Act and this Act into execution, and that they the said Commissioners now and hereafter to be from Time to Time elected and appointed, or any Three or more of them,

flial 1 and may from Time to Time have full Power and Authority to hear, examine, and determine all such Matters of Debt as are hereinafter mentioned; and the said Commissioners and their Successors are hereby constiruted a Court of Justice by the Name of < The Court of ‘ Requells for the Town Port and County of the Town of Kingston-

upon-HullJ and they the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them shall and they are hereby empowered and required to meet and hold the said Court on the same Days and at the same Time and Place as the fame have been heretofore usually held under and by virtue of the said recited Act, and that the First Court to be held

by the said Commissioners under this Act shall be on the First of the said Court Days under the said recited Act as shall be next in Course after the passing of this Act.

Caminif-

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of

f,oner’s Oath as a Commissioner in the execution of any of the Powers and

and Quail- Amhorities given by this Act or by the said recited Act after the paf-

ncation. of this untl[ (,e shall have taken an Oath to the Effect follow-

ing (that is to say);

I A.B. do swear [or, being one of the Persons called Quakers, do

affirm] That I will faithfully, honestly, and impartially, according to the best of my Skill and Judgment, hear and determine such 1 Matters and Things as shall be brought before me by virtue of an Act «iade >n the Second Year of the Reign of King George the . 'Third, int'tuled [here set forth the Title of that ASt,\ and of an Act passed in the Forty-eighty Year of the Reign of King George the c Third, intituled, ‘An Act [here Jet forththcTitlc of this Act] or of so much of the fame [Two Acts] as now [arc or] is in force, and that without -« Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice to any Person or Persons

‘ whom

213*

48n.GEORGII III. Cap. iot).

whomsoever; and also that I am a Householder within the Juris.

‘ diction of the said Court, and that I am possessed of a Real Estate of the Annual Value of Fifty Pounds, or of a Personal Ellate of the s Value of One thousand Pounds, above all Charges or Incumbrances whatsoever.

'So help me God.’

Which Oath shall be in lieu and (lead of the Oath mentioned or prescribed in the said recited Atft; and which said Oath hereinbefore mentioned or contained the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being or his sufficient Deputy is hereby empowered and required to administer in open Court, and each and every such Commissioner shall and he is hereby required (after taking the said Oath) to sign and subscribe his Name upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment to be provided for

that Purpose with the said Oath written or printed thereon, and

such Roll or Rolls shall be carefully kept among the Records of the said Court.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be henceforth Qualification

qualified to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act or of Commis-

of the said recited Act, unless he shall at the Time of acting be a fioneri.

Householder within the Juril'dictton of the said Court, and possessed of a Real Estate of the Annual Value of Ffity Pounds, or of a Personal Estate of the Value of One thousand Pounds, over and above all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever; and if any Person not being penaIl f qualified as aforesaid shall prelume to act as a Commissioner in the affing with-execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence out QualiS-(over and above any Punishment that he may be subject and liable to "don. for wilful and corrupt Perjury) lorfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds together with full Colls of Suit to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cale, by Bill,

Plaint, and Information, the Proof of which Qualification shall be on the Defendant, and it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Prosecutor to prove that the Person so sued or proleCuted had acted as a Commissioner in the execution of this Act: Provided neverthelel's, that all Afiscfille-Judgments, Orders, Decrees, Acts and Proceedings of all and every gal Commis-Person and Persons acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the ft°ntrs good execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid previous to vhffionC°"' his or their being convicted of such Offence, shall notwithstanding such Conviction be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

V. And for better regulating the Sittings of the said Court, be it Forregula. further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not hold the said ling the Sit-Court, or hear or determine any Cafe or Cafes, Cause or causes, nigs of the by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, but between the Cc"rt-Flours of Three of the block in the Afternoon and Eight of the Clock

in the Evening; and nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to require or compel the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Witness or Wii-nelfcs, in the said Court, in pursuance of any Order or Summons issued out of the said Court, or by any Person or Persons wiiomsoever acting

Officers appointed by former Ait to continue

moved.

Election of

missioners end Officers.

’ Debtors to be summoned before Commissioners, who may make Orders between Parties as they think £t.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. ioc).'

as an Officer or Officers of the said Court, save and except between the said Hours of Three of the Clock in the Afternoon and Eight of the Clock in the Evening.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk and Serjeant or other Officer of the said Court nominated or appointed by virtue of the said recited Act, (trail hold and enjoy their several and respective Offices and Employments in the same manner as if the said recited Act had not bten hereby altered, amended, or enlarged.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death or Refusal or Incapacity to act of any of the said Commissioners herein named or hereafter to be elected for the carrying this Act into execution, or of the Death or Removal of the present or any future Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants, or other Officer or Officers of the said Court, or in case it shall at any Time hereafter be found necessary to have any other or additional Serjeant or Serjeants of the said Court, the Vacancy or Vacancies so to be thereby occasioned shall be from Time to Time filled up and supplied, and any other or additional Serjeant or Serjeants so found to be necessary shall be elected and chosen in such manner as by the said recited Act is in the event of any such Vacancy or Vacancies respectively provided for: and such Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants so to be chosen in r.he room of any Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants so dying or being removed as aforesaid, and such other or additional Serjeant or Serjeants, shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties and Powers of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations as are expressed and contained in the recited Act, and js the present Clerk and Serjeant or either of them are or is respectively subject to previous to the passing of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Second Monday next after the passing of this Act, ir shall and may be lawful to and for Any Person or Persons (whether such Person or Persons shall reside within the Jurisdiction of the said Court or not) having any Debt or Debts on the Balance of Account, or in respect of Wages, Rent, or Arrears of Rent or otherwise howsoever (save and except as herein excepted) not exceeding the Value of Five Pounds, due or owing or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Person or Persons or as Executor or Adminifl trator. Guardian, Assignee, or Trustee to any Person or Persons, or due or owing to him as Chamberlain, 1'own Clerk, or other Officer to any Body Corporate, as Collector of any Rates or Taxes, or as Clerk or other Officer to any Commissioners of Taxes, or of any Drainage or otherwise, or to any Club or Friendly Society duly also ciaced and constituted by the Statutes in that Cafe m.de and provided, or in any other Manner whatsoever, which the said Commissioners are by this Act enabled to adjudge and determine, and not expressly prohibited by this Act, by or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever inhabiting. residing, or being within the said Town of Kingston-upon Hull or the County of the fame Town, or keeping and uling any House Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall, or Stand, or generally using and frequenting the Markets there as a Dealer, or Peeking a Livelihood or failing or navigating to and from the said Port

and

2137

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 109.

and Haven of Kingston-upon-Hull aforesaid. to apply to the Clerk of the said Court for the Time being or his Deputy, who shall fmmedi-iately make out and deliver to the Serjeant of the said Court for the 'Time being a Summons in Writing under the Hand of the said Clerk in such Form, and to such E tie ft, Tenor, and Purport, and which shall be forthwith served on such Debtor or Debtors in the manner prescribed by the said recited Act, and as hath been heretofore used and accul-tomed in respect thereof; and upon due Proof made of the Service of such Summons, the said Commissioners present in Court (the Number of such Commissioners present not being less than by this Act directed) are hereby empowered and required to make due Enquiry concerning such Demands or Plaints, and make such Order or Orders and Decrees therein, and pass such final Sentence or Judgment thereupon, and award such Costs of Suit as to them shall seem meet and mod agreeable to Equity and good Conscience, and they are also hereby empowered to order and direct the Payment of any such Debts to be made either in One Sum at once or by Instalments at Hated Periods as they shall see Cause and deem just and reasonable.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Commff.

and they are hereby required to make or cause to be made fair and re- fioncnroea-gular Entries in a Book or Books to be provided by them for that Pur- ,

pole, of all the Judgments, Acts, Orders, Directions, Regulations, and ;^a Book. Proceedings of them the said Commissioners, relative to the Execution

of the several Powers and Authorities vested in them by the said recited Act and this Act, and also of the Names of the Commissioners who shall be present at their respective Meetings; and such Entries shall be signed by the Chairman of each respective Meeting; and such Entries when so signed, and such Book and Books, shall be allowed to be read in Evidence, in Proof of the Proceedings of such Court, in all Courts whatsoever.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the commis. said recited Act or in this Act contained shall extend or be construed (toners not to to extend so as to enable the said Commissioners to determine the Right determine or Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Real Estates a"f l-a"fc whatsoever, or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt where the Tuieto Land Title of the Freehold or Lease for Years of any Lands, Tenements, or ;<tobe Hereditaments, or of any Chattels real whatsoever, shall be brought or brought in come into question; nor on any Debt for any Sum being the Balance T--illon.

of an Account or Demand originally exceeding live Pounds; or to judge, determine, or decide on any Debt that shall arise by reason of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments situate elsewhere than in the said Town or County, or by reason of any Cause concerning Testamentor Matrimony or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, or for or concerning any Agreement by way of Compofuion for or by way of Retainer of Tythes.

XL. And be it further enacted, That where any Debt shall be due or where Dab owing or demanded from any Two or more Persons jointly, by reason due Iran/ or on account of such Persons being Partners in trade or otherwise Two Persons, jointly concerned or liable to pay the lame Service of such Summons rummo',ing personally on any one of such Partners or Persons, arid Notice thereof ffiTubf.T [Lee. fcf Per.] 24 F left Helen/

2138 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 109.

left at the last or usual Place or Places of Abode, Warehouse, Lodging

Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working of the other or others of such Partners or Persons, shall be as good and sufficient as if each of such Partners or Persons were separately summoned as aforesaid.

Debts due to

XII. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where any Wages Persons un- or any other Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever not exceeding the Sum berecovereY ^ive P°unc*s> shall be due and owing to any Person or Persons ° r ' whomsoever, being under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it shall and may be lawful for such Person or Persons to sue for and recover such Debt in the Paid Court, in the same manner as if he, she, or they were of full Age; and the Paid Commissioners present in the Paid Court are hereby authorized and required to take Cognizance of and proceed in all causes concerning such Debts in the same manner, and shall have such and the fame Powers in regard thereto as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs were all of full Age.

Actions not

XIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained the>PuP, U/°r extenc* or construed to extend so as to enable any Plaintiff to o/bringing fpht or divide any Cause or Action for the Recovery of any Debt them before where the whole Sum that shall appear to be due and owing shall the Court. exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, in order that the lame may be made the Ground of Two or more Caules or Actions, for the Purpose of bringing such causes or Actions within the Jurisdiction of the said Court; and in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners that any Plaintiff shall have so split or divided his or her Cause or Action as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to difmils with Costs every such Cause or Action so split and divided, but such Dismissal shall not hinder or prevent such Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of his or her Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminstert or in such other Manner as he or she lawfully may: Provided always, that in case any Power to re- plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall chuse to diminish or reduce his or her Cause duce Debts of Action, originally exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, and shall be orde^tYfue willing to accept the Sum of Five Pounds, or such other Sum of Money in this Court, as the Ptid Court is in and by this Act enabled to adjudge, decree, and but run on pronounce, and shall accordingly adjudge, decree and pronounce to or coverecTtY" ’n Favour of such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in full of the whole of his or her be in full. Demand, in such Cause of Action so diminished or reduced, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and may on such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, proving his, her, or their Cause or Cales to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, adjudge, decree, and pronounce to him her, or them, such Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, as to the said Commissioners shall seem just and reasonable, in the same manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the original Cause of Action had been for no more than the Sum so adjudged, decreed, or pronounced; and such Sum shall in the Judgment or Decree to be pronounced by the said Commissioners, be declared to be and shall be in full Discharge of all Demands from the Defendant to the said Plaintiff in such Caule or Cafe so diminshed or reduced; and such Judgment or Decree shall effectually preclude and bar such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs from suing for or recovering in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity

the

2i39

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 109.

the Surplus of the Debt or Debts in any such Cause or causes of Action.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whom- Time of im-soever to be taken in execution upon any Judgment under or by virtue

of this Act, shall be committed to Custody by Order or Process of iiroitea. the said Court for any Debt or Debts, or kept or continued in Custody on any Pretence whatsoever (except in the Cafe hereinafter provided for) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prison than is or are hereinafter limited;

(that is to say) where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) does not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, then he, she, or they shall not be kept or continued in Custody for more than Twenty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) is above Twenty Shillings and does not exceed Forty Shillings, then not more than Forty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) is above Forty Shillings and does exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Cells) is above Three Pounds and does not exceed Four Pounds, then not more than Eighty Days; and where the Debt (exclusive of Costs) does not exceed Five Pounds, then not more than One hundred Days from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment and the Gaoler or Keeper of the Prison to which such Person or Persons is or are or shall be committed is hereby directed and required to discharge such Persons accordingly.

XV. And in order the more effectually to prevent Persons summoned If any Debt-for Debt to the said Coure from fraudulently concealing Money, Goods, or conceal or Effects; be it therefore enacted, That in case upon the Summons £?oney or of any Person for any Debt or Debts before the said Court, Informa- Time'ofhia tion of any such fraudulent Concealment shall be given, and such Debt Imprison-or Debts shall be adjudged to be due, and Execution shall be there- nient shall be upon awarded, such Court shall have Power to hear Evidence as to enlarSed' the Fact of such Concealment j and in case it shall be proved to their Satisfaction upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath the said Court is hereby empowered to administer) then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court to enlarge the aforesaid Times of Imprisonment of such Debtor to any Period in addition thereto, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the puffing of this Time of Ira-Act all and every Person and Persons who shall be taken in execution prisonment under or by virtue of any Process iflfuing from or out of the said Court to to of Requests, and who at the Time of being taken into Custody or dur- ^acnh Execa~ ing his, her, or their imprisonment, shall have more than One Execution against him, her, or them in the said Court, he, she, or they shall be imprisoned the limited Time for and in respect of each and every Execution (thac is to say); after the limited Time is expired on the E’irft Execution the Imprisonment shall commence on the Second Execution, and afrer the limited Time is.expired on the Second Execution the Imprisonment shall commence on the Third Execution, and foor until he, she, or they shall have been imprisoned the limited Time for and in respect of each and every separate Execution to be issued against him, her, or them in the said Court previous to his, her, or their

2140

May be fu-perieded.

Process not to flue against the P rion and Goods of the fame Persons.

Debtors ab-fcond'ng or removing Ooods to avoid Execution, may be taken in Execution an Process from the superior Courts.

Debtors not liable to pay Gaol Fees.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 109.

being taken in Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment, any Law, Statute, or Utage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall prevent or exclude any such Person or Persons so charged in Execution from bring entitled to a Suprrledeas on the Payment of the Debt or Debts and Costs awar. ded, and of such other Fees and Charges as are hereby or by the said recited Act directed or allowed to be paid in the same manner as by the said recited Act is directed and provided; provided also, that it shall not be lawful to or for the said Commissioners to issue any Process against the Body or Bodies of any Person or Persons in any Cale or Cafes where the Party entitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgment, or Decree shall at the same Time have obtained any Warrant or Process against the Goods and Chattels of the same Person or Persons.

XVII. And as it may happen that Persons served with Process issuing out of the said Court, may in order to avoid Execution remove their Persons and Effects beyond the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said Court; be ic therefore enacted, That in all Cafes where a final Decree or Judgment for any Sum exceeding Ten Shillings shall have been obtained in the said Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at K/’eJiminster, upon Affidavit made and filed of such Decree or Judgment being obtained and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Person or Persons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and of the Precept of Execution having issued against: his, her, or their Person or Persons or Effects, as the Case may be, and that the Person or Persons, Goods and Chattels of such Defendant or Defendants is or are not to be found within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or Commissioner authorized to take Affidavits, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster; and it shall and it may be lawful for such superior Court' to cause the Record of the said Decree or Judgment to be remov. ed into such superior Court, and to issue Writs of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, against the Person or Persons or Effects of the Defendant or Defendants, in the same manner as upon Judgments obtained in the said Courts at H'cjtminster j and the Sheriff upon every such Execution shall and he is hereby authorized to detain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum of Twenty Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the Effects, according to the Nature of the Execution, for the extraordinary Costs of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the said Court subsequent to the said Decree or Judgment, and of the Execution in the Superior Court, over and above the Money for which such Execution shall be issued.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person imprisoned by virtue of this Act, shall on the Expiration of his or her Time of Imprisonment be discharged and set at Liberty, without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratuity whatsoever to the Keeper or Keepers, or Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Prison, or others, by way of Gaol Fees or Discharge Fees or on any other Pretence whatsoever; and if any Keeper or Keep-

ers,

2 I Ul

4.8* GEORGII III. Cap. tog.

ers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Prison, or any other Person or Persons shall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Fee., Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever upon the Discharge of any Person or Persons so committed to his or their Charge or Custody as aforesaid, or shall keep or detain any such Person or Persons a Prisoner or Pri-lbners after the Time by this Act limited for his, her, or tbtir Imprisonment j and that every such Keeper, Turnkey, and other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, and such Offence shall be heard and determined, and such and the like Penalty shall be imposed and be rec overed, in the same manner as in such and the like Ckfes is preferred and directed in and by an Act passed in the Twenty sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating the Tine of the Imprisonment of Debtors imprisoned by Process from Courts injii tutedfor the Recovery of Small Debts, for abolishing the Claim cf Fees of Gaolers and others in the Cafes of such Imprisonment, and for afeer taming the Nullifications of the Commissioners.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the several Fees and Sums of Fees u> be Money hereinafter limited and expressed and no other shall be taken taken by the by the Clerk and Serjeant or other Officer of the said Court of Requests (rI'\r'c anJ for the Time being, for their several and respective Services in the &efJwani* execution of the said recited Act and of this Act, in lieu and (lead of the Fees and Sums of Money limited and expressed in the said recited Act (that is to say) j

CLERK’S FEES.

Entering every Cause issuing every Summons - For calling the Plaintiffand Defendant be-forethe Court and entering Appearance ] filling every Subpoena for the Attendance of not more than Two Witnesses For a Nonsuit on the Plaintiff's not appearing -

For every Hearing Entering and drawing up every Order Paying Money in full into Court, and entering the fame in his Book Paying Money by Instalments issuing every Attachment, Precept, Order, or Execution -

Acknowledging Satisfaction in part or in full -

For every Search in the Book Swearing every Witness - For every Supersedeas of a Debtor charged in Execution -

[Loc. & Per.3 24 G

On D Shil og*T« ipgs. >« D Ten Sb Forty ling. Shillings Five

5. d. s. d. s. d.

O 3 I O I 6

O 6 I O 1 6

O 3 O 3 0 6

O 6 I 0 6

O 6 1 0 2 O

O 6 I 0 I 6

O 6 O 9 I 6

O 6 O 9 I 6

O 6 O 9 £ O

I O I 6 2 6

O 6 O 6 I O

O 2 O 3 O 6

0 3 O 4 O 6

O 9 I 0 2 0

Table of Fees.

For

2142

Table of Fees to be hung up in the Court.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 109.

CLERK’S FEES continued.

For every Warrant of Commitment for an Insult or Misbehaviourin the Court, or to the Commissioner’s Clerk or ocher Officer of the Court -

For receiving Money out of Court

SERJEANT’S FEES.

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or Subpoena, in the Town If out of the Town, for every Mile extra For the Execution of every \Varrant, Precept, or Attachment against the Goods or Body in the Town -

If out of the Town, for every Mile extra If an Assistant Serjeant be necessary in the Judgment ofihe Commissions, then for the Assistant in the Town If out of the Town for every Mile extra

On Debts not exceeding Ten Shillings ing Forty Shillings. Oti Dr bts above Forty Shillings jpg Five"

S, d. S' d. s. d,

I O 0 3 0 6 1 0

0 0 K» CO 0 6 0 3 0 9 ° 3

0 6 0 2 1 0 0 3 2 0 0 3

0 4 0 2 0 0 1 0 0 3

A Table of which said Fees shall be hung up by the Clerk of the said Court in some public and conspicuous Part of the Court House or other Place where the said Commissioners shall meet for the Purposes aforesaid, to the end that all Persons concerned may at all Times fee and read over the same.

Penalty on taking other Fees.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the said Clerk of the said Court for the Time being, or his Deputy or Serjeant of the said Court for the Time being, or any of them, shall knowingly take cr demand any greater or other Fees than as herein mentioned, upon Complaint and due Proof thereof upon the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses made in open Court, the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, being a Majority of the said Court, shall and are hereby required and empowered from Time to Time to punish such Offender by Fine not exceeding Twenty Pounds for One Offence, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, rendering the Overplus (if any) after the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted; which Fine and Fines when recovered shall be paid to the Treasurer or Trehfurers for the Time being or the Governor, Assistant, and Guardians of the Poor of Kingston upon-Hull aforesaid, for and towards thh Maintenance of such Poor as shall or may be chargeable to the said Town.

Repealing certain Re-ftridiions in

she said Act,

XXI. And whereas by the said recited Act it is (among!! other Things) enacted, That no Suit which shall have been commenced in the said Court of Requells in pursuance of the said recited Act, nor any

Proceed-

2143

48° GEORGII III. Cap. log.

Proceedings therein, shall or may be removed into any superior Court; be it therefore enacted, That the said Provision shall be and the fame is hereby repealed and declared null and void.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of the said recited Act and of this Act or either of them, or on account of any Order, Determination, Judgment, or Decree of any of the said Commissioners, until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall be given in Writing, to be left at the Office of the Clerk of the said Court, or after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action and Suits, and every of them, may plead the General IBue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or if a Verdict or Judgment shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and in either of the said Cafes such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Colls in any Cafes by Law.

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the said recited Act, and all Powers, Provisoes, Clauses, Matters and Things therein respectively contained, shall, so far as the same are not hereby expressly repealed or otherwise provided for, and are not inconfift-ent with any of the Provisions of this Act, continue and be and the same are hereby declared to be in full force, and shall extend and be construed to extend to all and every Person and Persons to whom this Act doth or shall extend, in the same manner as if the fame were herein contained and expressed.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

of Actions against the Commissioners, &c. asting under this Act.

[General Issue.]

May plead the

If Plaintiff nonfuired or Verdictt for Defendant, Treble Cod*

Recited Act except where hereby repealed or otherwise provided for extended to this Act.

[Public Act.]

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 110.

An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the Township of Wolverhampton, and in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned, in the County of Stafford.

[18th June 180S.J

WHEREAS there are in the several Townships, Parishes, and Places of Wolverhampton, Wednesfield, Brewood, Pattingham, Bushbury, Penn, Bilston, IVillenball, WedneJlury, and Darlaston, in the County of Stafford, many considerable and extensive Collieries, Iron Works, and Hardware and other large and extensive Manufactories, and the Inhabitants and Trade of the said Townships, farilhes and Places, have of late Years much increased, and the greatest Part of which said Inhabitants are working Colliers, Miners, Labourers, and Mechanics employed in the said Collieries, Iron Works, and Manufadlories: And whereas the Merchants, Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the said Townships, Parishes, and Places respectively, are, for the Purpose of recovering Small Debts under the respective Jurisdictions to which by the Common Law they mull at present resort, obliged to be at an Expence sometimes far exceeding, and in all Cafes highly disproportionate, to the Amount of the Sum sued for: And whereas it would greatly tend to the Improvement and Encouragement of Trade, and to the necessary Support and Protection of useful Credit in the said Townships, Parishes, and Places, were sufficient Powers veiled in Commissioners to hear and determine Plaints concerning such Debts in a summary Way, in Two separate and distinct Jurisdic-[Lrr. & Per.] 24 H tions;

214-6

48° GEORGII III. Cap. no.

tions; One Jurisdiction to extend to the Townships of Wolverhampton and Wednesfield, and the several Parishes of Brewood, Pattmgham, Bushbury, and Penn; and the other Jurisdiction to extend to the ieve-ral Townships of Bilston and Willenhall, and the Parishes of WedneJ-bury and Darlallon, except the Manor of Bradley in the said Township of Bilston-: But as the fame cannot be efre&ed w.'thout the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be eha<5Ved; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, Commission- and by the Authority of the same, That the several Justices of the Wofver'he Peace residing in and afling for the County of Stafford for the Time ham peon, being, together with James Adjhead, John Alcock, Thomas Allen, Wednesfield, Richard ndrews, Moses Anjlow, William Bacon, William Baker, James Brewood, Barber, Thomas Bedford, William Beetlefione, John Bill, Thomas Bill, Banbury,"1’ Thomas Boycott Esquire, William Brifcoe, Richard Brifcoe, James Brown, and Penn William Buckle, William Careless, Thomas Careless, Thomas Cartwright Jurisdiction. of Rudge, William Chamberlain, William Chrees, William Chrees the Younger, William Clark, Lewis Clutterbuck, David Cole, William Cooky John Cooky Joseph Cornforthy John Corfery William Cox, Thomas Cox, Samuel Craddock, Kenderdine Cru.tchley, Edward Curtis, Thomas

Davis, Philips Deakin, the Reverend Thomas Dethicky Lawrence Devey, Devey, Silvanus Earp the Younger, Thomas Eaton, John Eggin-/<?», William Egginton, Thomas Elwell, Richard Evans, Thomas Evatis, Edward Farmery Richard Farmery Thomas Farmer, John Felton, Fletcher, William Forfter Wine Merchant, Joseph Forjler, William Forjler, Thomas Forjler, Thomas Fowke, Robert Fregleton, Richard Fryer, Thomas Gibbons, Thomas Gibbons the Younger, Gibbons,

Ralph Gough, John Green, John Green Junior, William Green, Thomas Grosvenor, Thomas Grundy, 7^ Harding, Reverend Hamlet Harrison, Edward Harrold, John I.ea Hayley, Thomas Bainbrigge Herrick Esquire, Phillip Hickin, John Higgs, John Higgs Junior, Benjamin Hill, William Hill, James Hob bins, James Hordern, Thomas Howell, Thomas Jackson, Henry Jeffon, John Jeffon, Samuel Jones, Evan Jones, Robert Jones, Thomas Jones, William Jones of Penn, Reverend Matthew Kemfey, yeiw Lewis, Lickly, Lingard, Richard Lockley, John Mack-

relly John Mander, Benjamin Mander, Charles Mander, Charles Marsh, Richard Bayley MarJJj Esquire, Thomas Mafcall, Thomas Miller, Andrew Mitchell, William Mitton, George Molineux Esquire, yaiw Moli-toeux, Edward Monckton the Younger, Esquire, David Moody, Robert Morrison Doctor of Physic, Horton, Edward Offiey, William Or gill, George Owen, Thomas Pauli on, Francis Peace, William Peace, Joseph Pearson, George Perks. James Perry, Thomas Perry, James Perry the Younger, Perry, William Perry, William Bradney Perjhouse Esquire, Thomas Phillips, Richard Phillips, John Plant, Francis Pool, Richard Savage Pountney, John Pountney, Benjamin Pountney, John Pountney of Wednesfield, George Pountney, William Tomkys Price, Thomas Raifton, William Ready, John Richards, Thomas Roe, Henry Rogers, Henry Ro-lift on, Obadiah Ryton, William Ryton, William Savage, Thomas Savage, ore//, George Scott, SimkiJs, John Simmonds, Thomas Simpson,

Francis Smallwood, Joseph Smart, Henry Smith, Richard Smith, Joseph Smith, William Sparrow, Benjamin Stanley, John Stanley, John Stokes Grocer, y^/* Ironmonger, Samuel Stewart, Samuel Stubbs,

JoeJph

2J47

4-8" GEORGII III. Cap. no.

Joseph Tarratt, William Thacker, Samuel Thomas, John Thomas, Reverend Richard Thursfidd, William Tildejley, Thomas, Timmins, Reverend William Tindall, John Tomlin fan, John Tooth, Thomas Vaught on, Obadiah IVa If or d, John Watford, the Reverend Thomas Walker, Randle Walker, Randle Walker Junior, John Walker, Thomas Ward, Edward Ward, William Warner, John Weaver* William Wenman, Thomas Henry Francis Whitgreave Esquire, John Winkle, Henry Wood, Shomas Wood, Samuel Wood, John Warralow, William Worthington, Thomas Wright, Joseph Wrighx., Japanner, and Humphrey Wright, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within the said Townships of Wolverhampton and Wednesffeld, and the several Parishes of Brewood, P at tingh am, Buffo bury and Penn, in the County of Stafford; and the said Commissioners and their Successors are hereby constituted a Court of Justice, by the Name and Style of " The Court of Request for the Townships of Wolverhampton and " Wednesffeld and the several Parishes of Brewood, PatUngbam, Buff-<c bury and Penn, in the County of Stafford ,*’ and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required to meet and to hold the said Court at the Public Office in the Town oi\WolverJ:ampton in the said County of Stafford, on the Fourth Friday next after the passing of this Act, which said Meeting shall and may be adjourned to and until that Day Month; and Meetings of the said Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act shall be and are hereby directed to be held at Wolverhampton aforesaid, except occasional Adjournments as hereinafter mentioned, at some convenient Place to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of those assembled at their First Meeting, or any,subsequent Meeting, on every Friday Month throughout the Year, and every Year* but when Christmas Day, and Fall and Thanksgiving Days by Proclamation shall happen on the Court Day, the Court shall be holden on the preceding Day.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Justices of the Peace residing in and acting for the said County of Stafford for the Time being, together with Joseph Adams, Samuel Addison, John Addison, William Banks Alexander, Henry Ash, James Henry Altwood, Thomas Bailey, Stephen Bafsford, John Beaumont, Isaac Beckett, Reverend John Bess, Edward Bess, Norris Bess, Norris Bejl Junior, Benjamin Bickley, William Smith Bickley, Richard Bills the Younger, John Partridge Black-more, David Bolton, Joseph Brevitt, Samuel Bridgewater, William Bridgewater, Thomas Brookes, John Brown, Thomas Brown, William Brueton, John Cardale, Richard Clemfon, Simeon Constable, Robert Cooper, Richard Cooper, Timothy Cooper, Thomas Cooper, Richard Corbett, Henry Crockett Esquire, John Crowther, Isaiah Banks, John Davis, William Dean, John Duce, Silvanus Earp, Clement Faulkner, John Fellows, Samuel Fere day, James Fifker, Thomas Fletcher, John Foffer, George Foffer, William Fox, Charles Gallimore the Younger, James Gilbert, William Glaze, George Green, William Greenway the Younger, John Guest, Richard Hadley, Samuel Halien, Joseph Hanson, John Harper, Isaac Hart ill, John Hart ill, Robert Hartshorn, Jonathan Hartshorn, Joseph Hately, Thomas Hawef William Hayes, Joseph Hill, joseph Hill the Younger, Benjamin Hill, Thomas Hinks, Samuel Hinks, Stephen Hip kins, Hyla Holden, Dutton Holland, Joseph Howell, Elwell Jackson, Samuel Jack)on, George Elwell Jackson, Robert Jackson, Thomas jenks, Job Jones, the Reverend

Commissioners for the Billion, Willer.hal', Wednesbury, and Darlaston Jurisdiction.

2148 48° GEORGII III. Cap. no.

Gough Willis Kempfon., William Kendrick, George Kidjon, John Law, John I ce, William Lees, George Lees, Thomas Lees, Joseph Lees, Thomas Loxdale, John Mason, Isaac Mason, Richard Mills, Richard Morgan, John Morris, Thomas Negus, the Reverend Charles Neve, Benjamin NitbcHs, Thomas Page, Joseph Page, Page, George Parker, Zacba-

rich Parkes, John Parkes, Joseph Pear Ion, Joseph Pedley, William Ped-ley, Sparry Pendlebury, Benjamin Penn, Joseph Percival,

Perkin, Perry, Perry, Joseph Perry, Edward Perry, Thomas

Perry, Charles Phillips, John Poolton, William Prefion, JM# Rawlinjon Pretty, Joseph Price, James Price, Thomas Price, Richard Price, Henry Price, William Price, Samuel Proud, Charles Quinton, Richard Rabone, John Read, Joseph Read, George Roberts, William Rock,

>&» Rogers, James Robinson, Thomas Robinson, George Rufhbury, George Rufhbury the Younger, Thomas Russell, John Russell, William Rylands, William Salter, William Shedden, Silvester, Brian Silvester, William Smith, Daniel Smith, Samuel Smith, James Smith, George Smith, Samuel Smith the Younger, Joseph Smith, William Stokes, William Stokes Junior, Benjamin Stokes, John Stone, John Sparrow, Edwtrd Taylor, Thomas Taylor, Thomas Taylor Ironfounder, Samuel Taylor, William Taylor, Thompson, Thomas Thompson, Henry Tibbatts, Thomas Tib-

bitts, Thomas Tomkinjon, John Tomkys, Jacob Twigg, Thomas Walker, William Walter, Richard Walton, George Watkins, John Westwood, John White, John Whitehouse, Job Wilkes, Wilkinson, Benjamin Willetts,

Wednesbury, Benjamin Willetts, Bilston, Edward Woolley, William Wright, Edward Wright, John Wynn, William Tates, Junior, Richard Tates, and Jtoiw Tecmans, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within the said Townships of Bilston and Willenhall, and Parishes of Wednesbury and Darlaston, in the County of Stafford; and the said Commissioners and their Successors are hereby conilituted a Court of Justice, by the Name and Style of " The Court of Request for the Townships of of Bilston and Willenhall, and the Parishes of Wednesbury and Darlaston, in tf the County of Stafford," except the Manor of Bradley; and the said Commissioners lastly abovenamed, are hereby empowered and required to meet and to hold the said Court in the several Townships of Bilston and Willenhall, and Parishes of Wednesbury and Darlaston, in the said County, alternately and in Succession and Rotation, on every First Monday in each and every Calendar Month throughout the Year, and every Year or oftener, if in the Opinion of the said Commissioners there shall be Occasion (Christmas Day, and Fad and Thanksgiving Days by Proclamation, excepted, and then on the Day next following) in a Court House or some other convenient Place within every of the said last-mentioned Townships and Parishes respectively to be appointed by the major Part of the Commissioners from Time to Time assembled at such Meetings i and the First Meeting of the said last-mentioned Commissioners shall be held at Bilston on the first Monday in the second Month next after the passing of this Act.

Defendants 11J. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall

exle,nc* or con^ruec^ to extend so as to require or compel the At-one Jufifdic- tendance of any Defendant or Defendants, Witness or Witnesses, in tion, not to the said Court lo to be holden in the said Township of Wolverhamp-be summoned ton, or in any other Place by Adjournment, as hereinafter is mentioned.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. no.

cioned, in pursuance of any Order or Summons iljue i out of the said Court, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever acting as an Officer or Officers of the said Court, in any Cause, Suit, or Action which shall or may be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons who shall reside, inhabit, or dwell in the said several Townships of Biljion and Willenhall, and Parishes of Wednesbury and Darlaston, or any of them; and nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to exteod so as to require or compel the Attendance of any Defendant or Defendants, Witness or Witnesses, in the said Court so to be holden in the said several Townships of Biljion and IVillenhall, and Parishes of Wednesbury and Dar'ipston, in pursuance of any Order or Summons issued out of the said last-mentioned Court, or by any Person or Persons whomsoever acting as an Officer or Officers of the said Court, in any Cause, Suit, or Action which shall or may be brought or commenced against any Person. or Persons who shall reside, inhabit, or dwell in the said Townships of Wolverhampton and Wed-tresjteld, and in the said several Parishes of Brewood, Pattingham, Bush-bury, and Penn, or any of them.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and

may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons who shall inhabit or dwell in the said Townships of Wolverhampton and Wednesfield, and in the said Parishes of Brewood, Pattingham, Bvjhbuty, and Penn, or in any or either of them, to commence, sue, and prosecute any Action or Suit, Actions or Suits, against any Person or Persons who shall inhabit or dwell in the said Townships of Biljion and Willenhall, and in the said Patilhes of Wednesbury and Darlaston, except the Manor of Bradley, or in any or either of them, so as the Order or Summons, Orders or Summonses, against such Person or Persons do issue, and all subsequent Proceedings under the fame, be had, prosecuted, and carried on, and Execution issue in the said Court or Courts so to be held within and for the said Townships of Biljion and Willenhall, and the several Parishes of Wednesbury and Darlaston -, and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons who shall inhabit or dwell in the said Townships of Biljion and Willenhall, and in the said Parishes of Wednesbury and Darlaston, or in any or either of them, to commence, sue, and prosecute any Action or Suit, Actions or Suits, against any Person or Persons who shall inhabit or dwell in the said Townships of Wolverhampton and Wedhesfield, and in the said Parishes of Brewood, Pattingham, Bushbury, and Perm, or in any or either of them, so as the Order or Summons, Orders or Summonses, against such Person or Persons do issue, and all subsequent Proceedings under the fame be had, prosecuted, and carried on, and Execution issue in the said Court to be held in the said Township of Wolverhampton, or at any other Place by Adjournment, as hereinafter is mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners of the said Courts respectively, or the major Part of them present at their respective Meetings to be holden pursuant to this Act, are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to elect a Chairman for each Meeting, and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them present at their respective Meetings, not being less than Five (except as hereinafter

[Loc, Per,'] 24 / mentioned)

2149

to the Court of the other jurisdictioa.

Power for Plaintiffs residing in one Juris-d: ft ion, to sue Defendants reading in the other Jurisdiction.

Cora missioners Powers.

2150

48° GEORGII III. Cap. no.

mentioned) are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine all such Actions and Caules as are hereinafter mentioned, and to give such Judgments, and make such Orders and Decrees therein, and to award Execution thereupon, with the Colls, against the Body or Bodies, or against the Goods of all and every the Person and Persons against whom they shall give any Judgment, or make any Order or Decree, as to them shall l'eem just in Law or Equity, and to do, perform, and execute all other Acts, Matters, and Things hereby authorized or directed to be done, as fully and effectually, and the same shall have the fame Force and Effect as if given, made, done, performed, and executed by all the said Commissioners, except as herein otherwise is particularly directed and provided; and in case of an Equality of Votes on any Action, Cause, or Question before the said Commissioners respectively, the Chairman, so to be elected as aforesaidj or if it shall happen that no Chairman shall have been previously elected at that Meeting, then the senior Justice of the Peace acting for the said County, then actually present, and acting as a Commissioner by virtue of this Act; or if no such Justice shall be present, and acting as a Commissioner as aforesaid, then the Commissioner present who Hands first on the Lifts of Names of the said Commissioners respectively, shall have the decisive or calling Vote; and the said Commissioners shall and are hereby required to fix up, or cause to be fixed up, such Lift in the Courts or Places where the Commissioners meet.

Three Com-

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on the Deci-miffiorers for fion of each an(j every Action, Cause, or Question, for the Recovery jj°"y of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, Three at leall of the said

Five’com- Commissioners shall be present in Court; and on the Decilion of every missioners for Action, Cause or Question for the Recovery of any Sum exceeding Sums above Forty Shillings, Five at lead of the said Commissioners shall be pre-Ym'ss " ^ent ‘n Court, the fame Three Commissioners in the former Cafe, and the fame Five Commissioners in the latter Cafe, to be attending from the Commencement of the Hearing of any Cause, Question, or Action, to the Decision thereof.

Qualification

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person £0 shall be qualified to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this

°"ers' Act, unless he shall at the Time of acting be a Householder, and possessed of a Real Estate of the clear annual Value of Fifty Pounds, or of a Perfor.al Eilace of the Value of One thousand and five hundred Pounds, or of a Real Estate of the clear annual Value of Twenty-five Pounds, together with a Personal Estate of the Value of One thousand Pounds, above all Charges and Incumbrances whatsoever and if any Person, not being so qualified, shall presume to act as a Commissioner, every such Person shall for every such Offence (over and above any Punishment he may be subject and liable to for wilful and corrupt Perjury) forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, together with full Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debtor on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, or Information^ wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and in every such Action, Bill, Plainr,

or

48° GEORGII Hit. Gap. no. aiji

or Information, the Proof of such Qualification shall be on the Defendant, and it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff or Prosecutor to prove that the Person so sued or prosecuted had acted as a Commit-fioner in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Judgments, Orders, Decrees, Acts, and Proceedings of all and every Person and Persons acting as a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of such Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as good, valid, and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable Commission-of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (save and ers®ath. except in administering the Oath or Affirmation herein mentioned to

the other Commissioners) until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath or Affirmation in the following or Words to the fame Effect i (that is to fav),

I A.B. do swear [or, being one of the Persons called Quakers, Oath.

do solemnly affirm] That I will faithfully, honestly, and im-‘ partially, according to the beffc of my Skill and Judgment, hear c and determine all such Matters and Things as shall be brought ‘ before me, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled [here Jet forth the Title

of this without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice, to

any Person or Persons whomsoever; and also that I am a House-

holder, and possessed of a Real Estate of the clear annual Value of Fifty Pounds, or of a Petfonal Estate of the Value of One thousand and five hundred Pounds, or of a Real Estate of the clear

annual Value of Twenty-five Pounds, together with a Personal

Estate of the Value of One thousand Pounds, above all Charges

and Incumbrances whatsoever.

'So help me GOD.*

Which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners, or any One or more of them, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer in open Court; and each and every such Commissioner shall and he is hereby required (immediately after taking the said Oath or Affirmation) to sign and subscribe his Name upon a Roll or Rolls of Parchment, or in a Book or Books to be provided for the said Jurisdictions respectively for that Purpose, with the said Oath or Affirmation written or printed thereon or therein; and such Roll or Rolls, or Book or Books, shall be carefully kept among the Records of the said respective Courts.

IX. And be it further enacted, That when any of the said Com- Appointment missioners hereinbefore named shall happen to die, or shall refuse or of new Coin-neglect to qualify himself for acting as a Commissioner in the Execu- missioners. tion of this Act, by taking and subscribing the Oath hereinbefore mentioned, within Two Years from the passing of this Act; or if any Person hereafter to be elected and chosen a Commissioner, shall refuse or neglect to qualify himself for acting in the Execution of this Act as

aforesaid.

2152

Power for Commissioners of first-name Jurisdiction, to adjourn the Court to other Places within the same Jutif-diction.

Time of

hearing

causes.

Appointment of Officers.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 11 o.

aforesaid, within Two Years next after he shall have been so elected and chosen, or shall accept the Office of Clerk, or otherwise become disqualified to act in the Execution of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surviving and remaining Commissioners in each Jurisdiction respectively, acting in the Execution of this Act, or the major Part of them present at a Meeting to be bolden for that Purpose, so soon after such Decease, Refusal, or Disqualification Shall happen or be known, as conveniently may be, to elect and appoint One other Commissioner in the room or stead of every Such Commissioner so dying or retufing to act, or eeafing to be so qualified as aforesaid; and Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting for every Such Election, and of the Purpose thereof. Shall be affixed by the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the Commissioners of the said respective Courts, on the Doors of the respective Places of holding the Said Courts, Ten Days at least before Such Meeting Shall be holden; and every Commissioner Jo elected Shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, and Shall be Subject and liable to the same Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if he had been particularly named herein as a Commissioner.

X. And be it further enacted, That if it Shall appear to the said Commissioners in Court aSSembled, and.acting in and for the Jurisdiction in this Act first mentioned, that an occasional Adjournment to fame other Part of the District within the same Jurisdiction, may have a Tendency to facilitate or expedite the Business of the Said first mentioned Court, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners aSSembled at any Court where Seven at least Shall be present, or the major Part of them, and acting in and for the said first mentioned Jurisdiction, to adjourn Such Court to any other Place or Places within the said first mentioned Jurisdiction, as often or as many Times as to them may Seem fit, but Such Adjourned Court Shall not be held in any one Township or Parish from or out of Wolverhampton aforesaid, and within the said first mentioned Jurisdiction, oftener than Four Times or Days in Twelve Calendar Months.

XI. And, for the better regulating the Sittings of the said respective Courts, be it further enacted, That the Commissioners Shall not hold the said Courts, or hear or determine any Cafe or Cause, but between the Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Six of the Clock in the Afternoon \ and nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to require the Attendance of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or Witness, in the said respective Courts, except between the said Hours of Nine of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Six of the Clock in the Afternoon.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners of each Jurisdiction respectively., and they are hereby required at their said First Meetings, to nominate and appoint fit and proper Peri'ons for Clerks, Serjeants, and other necessary Officers of and in the said respective Courts of Request j and that it Shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Clerks immediately after their Appointments, and from Time to Time, to nominate

2i53

48° GEORGII III. Cap. no.

nate and appoint a Deputy and Deputies to act in his and their room or (lead, which Deputy and Deputies, in the Absence of the said respective Clerks, shall have the fame Authority as if the respective Clerks themselves were personally present, and shall from Time to Time be displaceable and removable, and shall accordingly be displaced and removed at the Will and Pleasure of the said respective Clerks of the said respective Courts of Request for the Time being, and for which Deputy or Deputies fetch Principal or Principals so appointing a Deputy or Deputies shall be answerable; and such Clerk or Clerks, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby empowered and required to issue all Summonses, Subpoenas, Warrants, and Precepts, and to register all Orders, Decrees, and Judgments of the said Courts respectively, and to do all such Acts, Matters, and Things as are directed or required to be done by the said Clerks by virtue of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of Neglect or Refusal of the said respective Commissioners, a sufficient Number of the said respective Commissioners shall not be present to act in the Execution of this Act as is herein directed on any of the Days appointed for holding of the said respective Courts, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the said respective Commissioners who shall be present, and if no Commissioner shall be present, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Clerks or their respective Deputies for the Time being, to adjourn the said respective Courts to the next Court Day, or some earlier Day.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make or cause to be made fair and regular Entries, in a Book or Books to be provided by them for that Purpose, of all the Judgments, Acts, Orders, Directions, Regulations, and Proceedings of them the said respective Commissioners, relative to the Execution of the several Powers and Authorities vested in them by this Act, and also of the Names of the Commissioners who shall be present at their respective Meetings; and such Entries shall be signed by the Chairman of each respective Meeting; and such Entries when so signed, and such Book and Books, shall be allowed to be read in Evidence, in Proof of the Proceedings of such respective Courts, in all Courts whatsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Clerk and Clerks, Serjeant and Serjeants and other Officer and Officers, shall immediately on his or their Appointment or Appointments to such respective Offices, give such Security to the said respective Commissioners, or to any Five of them respectively, as the said respective Commissioners, at the Time of such respective Appointments, shall direct, duly to pay and account for all such Sum or Sums of Money and other Things as shall from Time to Time come to their respective Hands or Possiession, and for the due and proper Execution of the said respective Offices.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer, nominated or appointed by virtue of this Act, such Clerk, Serjeant, or other

[Loc. fc? Per.] 24 K Officer

If sufficient Commissioners do not attend,

beadjourned.

Commission-

their Proceedings i a Book.

Clerics to give Security.

Officers resigning or being removed, or their persona!

2*54

Representatives, (in case of Death) to deliver up Books, &c.

Appointment of new Officers in case of Death, Resignation, or Removal;

and Officers may be removed for Miscondutt.

Commissioner not to ad where inte-'efted.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 110.

Officer so resigning or being removed, and the personal Representarive or personal Representatives of such Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer lo dying, shall, on having Fourteen Days Notice in Writing, under the Hands of Nine of the said respective Commissioners, given to him or them, or left at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, produce and deliver up ro the said respective Commissioners at the Court to be holden next after the Expiration of the said Fourteen Days, all Books. Rolls, Accounts, Papers, Writings, Monies, and other Things in his or their Custody or Power, relating or belonging to their said respective Offices; and in case such Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer so resigning or being removed, or the personal Representative or personal Representatives of such Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer so dying, shall neglect or refuse so to produce and deliver up all such Books, Rolls, Accounts, Papers, Writings, Monies, and other Things, upon due Proof of the Service of such Notice, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Commissioners assembled at the next, or any subsequent Coure, to impose or lay a Fine not exceeding Twenty Pounds, on every Person so offending.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the major Part of the Commissioners respectively, who shall be fitting and acting in Court on the next Court Day after the Death, Resignation, or Removal of any Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer nominated or appointed by virtue of this Act, or so soon after as the same shall be known, to cause such of the acting Commissioners as reside within the Juril’diction of the said respective Courts, or within one Mile thereof, to be summoned to meet at some convenient Place to be appointed for that Purpose, within Twenry-one Days next after their being summoned; and such respective Commissioners at such Meeting (not being leis than Nine) or the major Part of them present, are hereby authorized and required to elect another Person or Persons in the room or stead of every such Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer so dying, resigning, or being removed, and so from Time to Time when and so often as any Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer shall die, resign, or be removed from their respective Offices; and all and every Clerk and Clerks, Serjeant and Serjeants, and other Officers of the said respective Courts, shall do and perform in their respective Offices as they shall be directed or appointed by the said Commissioners respectively, and the Serjeants of the said Courts shall feive all Summonses, and execute such Orders, Warrants, and Precepts, and do and perform all such other Acts, Matters, and Things as may be required to be done by them respectively by virtue of this Act; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners respectively, not being less than Nine, or the major Part of them assembled for that Purpose, from Time to Time to remove all such Clerks, Serjeants, and other Officers, or any of them, for Misbehaviour in their respective Offices or other sufficient Cause.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner of the said respective Courts for the Time being, shall be Party, to or intc-rested in any Caule depending in the said Courts respectively, or shall be Father, Son, or Brother of any Person or Persons concerned or

interested

2i55

48° GEORGII III. Cap. no.

interested in any Cause, Action, or Matter, such Person shall not be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the hearing and determining of such Cause, Action, or Matter, or making any Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, but after being heard in the said Court shall withdraw until the same shall be finally determined; and if any Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer of the said respective Courts for the Time beingi shall be Party to or interested in any Cause, Action, or Matter depending in the said respective Courts, such Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer shall not exercise his or their Office in such Cause, Action, or Matter, or in any thing relating thereto; but such Person or Persons as shall be nominated and appointed by the said Commissioners respectively to exercise the said Office of Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer respectively, in his or their place or stead, shall be and is hereby vested with full Power and Authority to execute the Office ol Clerk, Serjeant, or other Officer, in all things relating to such Cause, Action, oi Matter.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Meeting of the said Commissioners respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons (whether residing in the Jurisdiction of the said respective Courts or not) having any Debt or Debts on Rent or Arrears of Rent, or Quantum Meruit, Quantum Valebat, and in all Cafes of Trover and Conversion, or of Trespass or Detinue for Goods and Chattels taken or detained, or otherwise howsoever, (save and except as herein excepted) not exceeding the Value of Five Pounds, due, owing or belonging to him, her, or them, in his, her, or their own Right, or in the Right of any other Person or Persons, or as Executor or Administrator, Guardian, Afligriee, or Trustee to any Person or Persons, or due or owing to him as Town Clerk, or other Officer to any Body Corporate, as Collector of any Rates or Taxes, or as Clerk or other Officer to any Commissioners, or to any Club or Friendly Society, duly associated or constituted according to the Provisions of the several Statutes in that Cafe made and provided, or in any other Manner whatsoever which the said respective Commissioners are by this Act enabled to judge and determine, and not herein expressly prohibited, by or from any other Person or Persons whomsoever inhabiting, and residing, within the Limits of the said several Townships, Parishes, and Places, or either or any of them, or keeping and using any House, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay. Lodging, Shop, Shed, Stall or Stand, or generally using and frequenting the Markets there, or seeking a Livelihood within the same, to apply to the Clerk or Clerks of the said respective Court?, or the Deputy of any such Clerk, in the Manner in this Act directed, who shall immediately make out and deliver to the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said respective Courts for the Time being, a Summons in Writing under the Hand of such Clerk, directed to such Debtor or Debtors, expressing the Sum demanded of him, her, or them, and (fating the cause of Action, together with the Name of the Party demanding the fame, and requiring such Debtor or Debtors to appear at a certain Time and Place to be mentioned in such Summons, before the Commissioners of the said Courts respectively, to answer such Demands and such Serjeants shall forthwith serve or cause such Summons to be served on such

Debtor

Debtors to be summoned before Commissioners.

and Particulars of Demand Rated.

2*56

Three Days before the Meeting.

Commissioners may direct Payments either in one Sum or by Instalments,

and may examine Officers, Parties, and Wit-11 estes on Oath.

Penalty on

Witnesses not attending if

summoned.

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 11 o.

Debtor or Debtors, either personally or by leaving the fame with his, her, or their Servant or other Person belonging to him, her, or them, or at the Dwelling, Warehouse, Wharf, Quay, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing of such Debtor or Debtors, being within the Jurisdiction of the said respective Courts, Three Days ac lead before the Time appointed for such Debtor or Debtors to appear before the said Court; and upon due Proof made of such Summons, having been duly served in Manner aforesaid, the said Commissioners respectively in Court assembled. are hereby empowered and required to make due Enquiry concerning such Demands or Plaints, and make such Order or Orders therein, and pass such Sentence or Judgment thereupon, and award such reasonable Cods of Suit as to them shall seem right and proper, confident with the Rules and Regulations in this Act contained; and they are hereby also empowered to order and direct the Payment of any such Debts to be made either in one Sum or by Instalments at dated Periods, under such Conditions and with such Security for the Payment of the same as they shall see Cause and deem jud and reasonable, all which Orders, Judgments, and Proceedings shall be entered or regidered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks of the said Courts respectively, and as well the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs as the Debtor or Defendant, Debtors or Defendants, whom any such Order, Judgment, or Proceeding shall respectively concern, shall observe, perform, and keep the fame respectively in all Points; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners present in the said respective Courts to adminider an Oath or Oaths/ Affirmation or Affirmations, to any Officer of the said Court, or to either of the said Parties, as the said respective Commissioners shall think proper, and to examine touching any Mat'er in quedion, and also to examine such Witness or Witnesses, Person or Persons, whose Evidence shall seem necessary in the hearing or determining, or the making of any Order or Decree in the Premises, or for any other Purpose requisite in the Execution of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful from Time to Time and at all Times, to and for any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in any Suit or Cause hereafter depending in the said respective Courts, to cause any Person or Persons residing within the Jurisdiction of the said respective Courts, to be warned or summoned to such respective Courts, either by serving a Subpoena or Subpoenas, Summons or Summonses, to be issued by any Clerk or Deputy Clerk of such respective Courts, and to be served by a Serjeant of the fame Courts personally, or by leaving such Subpoena or Subpoenas, Summons or Summonses at the lad or usual Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, to appear as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence in the said respective Courts out of which such Subpoena or Subpoenas, Summons or Summonses shall issue, in or concerning the Suit or Cause there depending; and in case any Person or Persons after having been so fubpeenaed or summoned to give Evidence as aforesaid, and paid or tendered his, her, or their reasonable Expences to attend and give his, her, or their Evidence at the Time and Place in such Subpoena or Subpoenas, Summons or Summonses mentioned, on

Behalf

2157

4S0 GEORGII III. Cap. no.

Behalf of any such Plaintiff or Defendant, shall neglect or refuse to appear pursuant to such Subpoena or Subpoenas, Summons or Summon fes, due Proof being made of the Service thereof, and no sufficient Cause for his, her, or their Absence or Non-apperance being shewn to the Satisfaction of the Court where such Suit shall be depending, and Oath being made before the Commffioners there fitting by the Party or Parties at whose Instance and on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Subpoenas, Summons or Summonses issued, that the Person or Persons served therewith was or were a Witness or Witnesses by such Party or Paties judged necessary for the Proof of his, her, or their Cause or causes, Action or Actions, Complaint or Complaints, Defence or Defences; or if any such Witness or Witnesses shall appear but shall refuse to be examined upon Oath, or in case of a Quaker or Quakers upon solemn Affirmation, and, to give Evidence as aforesaid before such Commissioners, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Commissioners to impose any Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds, on every Person so offending; and in case such Fine shall not be paid forthwith, the same shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the said Commissioners, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, after deducting such Fine, and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and every such Fine when so paid, levied, or recovered, shall be paid over to the Party or Parties at whose instance or on whose Behalf such Subpoena or Subpoenas, Summons or Summonses, shall have been issued; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Three or more of the said Commissioners to commit such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol or Prison in the Town of Wolverhampton in and for the said County of Stafford, there to remain for any Time not exceeding the Space of Two Calendar Months.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons rhaking Oath or giving Evidence in any Cause or Matter whatever depending in the said respective Courts of Request, or before any Justice or Justices in executing this Act shall wilfully and corruptly give false Evidence, or swear any Matter or Thing which shall be fa He or untrue, every such Person so offending, and being thereof duly convicted according to Law, shall and is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties as Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are liable or subject to by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Debt or Damages shall be due or owing by or demanded from any Two or more Persons jointly, by reason or on account of such Persons being Partners in Trade or otherwise jointly concerned. Service of such Summons as aforesaid personally on any one of such Partners or Persons, and Notice thereof left at the usual or last Place or Places of Abode, Warehouse, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working of the other or others of such Partners or Persons, shall be as good

[Lqc. & Per.'] L and

Penalty for

Service on one Partner, to be deemed good Service.

215S 4 GEORGII III. Cap. tvo.

and sufficient as if each of such Partners or Pefons were separately summoned as aforei'aid.

Debts due to

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in every Cafe where any der Age110' Sum or Sums °-f Money whatsoever, (except for Wages) not exceed-111 ay be re- ing c^c Sum of Five Pounds, shall be due and owing to any menial coveied. Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, A1-fistant, Labourer, or any other Person whomsoever, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, it shall and may be lawful to and for'such Servant, Clerk, Book-keeper, Journeyman, Shopman, Shopwoman, Assistance. Labourer, or other Person, to sue for and recover such Dcbc in the said respective Courts, in the same manner as if he or she were of full Age; and the Commissioners prefect in the said Courts respectively, are hereby required to take Cognizance of and proceed in all causes concerning such Debts, in the same Manner, and shall have the fame Powers in regard thereto as if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs were of full Age.

er^nNon*

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Debtor or Debtors

appearance" w have ^ecn duly summoned as aforesaid, shall without good

of Defendant Cause (to be allowed by the Commissioners of the said respective may proceed Courts) refuse or neglect to appear, either himself or herself, or by ex parte. some other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, in the said respective Courts at the Time mentioned in such Summons, then it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Commissioners respectively, upon Proof made upon Oath of the Service of such Summons in Manner hereinbefore directed, to proceed to hear the Cause on the Part of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs only, and to make such Order, Decree, or Judgment therein, and to award such Costs as to them shall seem meet.

If Plaintiff does not appear to prove his Demand, Defendants shall have Costs, &c.

Commissioners may award Execution against the Body or Goods;

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if upon the Day of the Return of any Summons issued on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or at any Continuation or Adjournment of the said respective Courts of Request, the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall rot appear either in Person or by some other Person on his, her, or their Behalf, or appearing (half not make Proof of his, her, or their Debt or Demand, to the Satisfaction of the said Courts respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Commissioners present in Court, and they are hereby required to award to the Defendant or Defendants reasonable Costs, and also such Satisfaction for his, her, or their Trouble or Attendance, as to the said respective Commissioners shall seem right and proper, and to order and compel the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to pay the fame, by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for the enforcing of the Payment of Debts and Costs ordered and decreed to be paid by the said respective Courts.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in any Case when the said respective Commissioners shall have made an Order or Decree for the Payment of Money, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Commissioners to award Execution either against the Body or Goods of the Party or Parties against whom such Order or Decree shall be made, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Clerk or Clerks of the said Courts of Request respectively, at the Desire of the

2159:

48" OJETORGII 'III. Cap. n6.

the Party or Parties prosecuting such Order or Decree, to issue a Precept un^er his Hand and Seal by way of Capias ad Satisfaciedum or Fieri Facias, to the Serjeant or Serjeants of the said respective Courts who, by virtue of such Precept issued upon the Execution awarded. against the Body or Bodies of such Party or Parties, shall and may and is and are hereby empowered and required to take and apprehend such Party or Parties (being within the Jurisdiction of the said respective Courts,) and to convey him, her, or them to the Common anfj comrr.it Gaol or Prison in the said Town of JVolverbamptoa, there to remain the Party, until he, she, or they shall perform and obey such Order or Judgment, for the Space of Time therein in that Behalf particularly directed; and in case any such Precept shall be issued upon Execution awarded against the Goods and Chattels of any such Parry, shall and may, and he and they is and are hereby empowered to levy by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Party {being within the Jurisdiction of the said respective Courts) such Sum and Sums of Money and Calls, as In case TV--' shall be so ordered and decreed; and if the Party against whofcBody liesf^b/cf°ntl ~ or Goods such Execution shall be awarded, and such Process shall issue Ihci^Goods, thereupon, shall by abfcortding, or by secreting or removing his, her, further Exe. or their Goods or Chattels, or by any other Means prevent or evade cution may the Service or Effect of such Execution, it shall and may be lawful to be granted, and for the said Commissioners respectively, upon due Proof thereof made by the Oath of the Serjeant, or of one or more credible. Wicnd’s or Witnesses, at their Discrecion, to 'award further Execution either against the Body or Goods and Chattels of such Farty or Parties, and Process shall issue thereupon, and be executed by the Serjeant or Serjeants in Manner aforesaid, until the Party or Parties at whole Suit such Execution shall be issued shall be fully paid and satisfied: Provi- process not to ded always, that it shall not be lawful for the said respective Commission- |fl-ue against ers to issue any Process against the Body of any Person, in any Case Person and where the Party intitled to the Benefit of any Order, Judgment, or Goods. Decree, shall at the same Time have obtained any Wanant or Process against the Goods and Chattels of the same Person.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Com- A1|owance missioners shall be and they are hereby required and empowered, in to be made their Order of Commitment of any Person or Persons to the Common toPriiooers. Gaol or Prison in the said Town of Woherb amp ton, for the Nonpayment of any Debt or Debts, to order and direct such daily Sum or Sums to be paid weekly or otherwise by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs to the Defendant or Defendants so committed, for his, her, or their Maintenance while in Prison, as they the said Commissioners in their Discrecion shall think proper, so as such Daily Allowance shall not be less than Four-pence nor more than Six-pence to each Person; and in default of Payment of the Sum or Sums so ordered to be paid for the Space of Three Days, the Keeper or Keepers of che fame Gaol or Prison is and are hereby directed todischarge such Person or Persons from his or their Custody, in such and the same Manner as if the Debt and Costs for which such Person or Persons was or were committed had been fully paid and satisfied: Provided nevertheless, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Plaintiff, or Plaintiffs to pay to the Gaoler or Gaolers the Sum so ordered by the Commissioners for the whole Number of Days expressed in the Order of Commitment,

2l6o

Plaintiff not to recover other than Debts specified.

Actions not to be split i

but the Court nay decide in such Action so split, if the Plaintiff shall befatisfied to receive Five Pounds or less in full of all De* ananda.

t birExccu-tion, Clerk to indorse Debt and Costs.

4 & GEORGII III. Cap.wo.

at the Time of the Defendant or Defendants being delivered into the Custody of the Gaoler or Gaolers, and such Gaoler or Gaolers ia and are hereby directed to pay thereout the Daily Allowance so ordered every Day to such Defendant or Defendants, during his, her, or their Confinement; and in cale such Deiendant or Defendants Hull be legally discharged from such Confinement before the Expiration of the Time of Commitment, that then and in such Case the said Gaoler or Gaolers shall upon such Discharge forthwith repay to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs the proportionate Residue of such Sum, accord, ing to the Number of Days which shall be unexpired of the Time for which such Defendant or Defendants was or were originally committed.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Evidence shall be permitted to be given by the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs on the Trial of any such Cause or Action as aforesaid, or of any Cause of Action except such as is (fated in the said Summons hereby directed to be given, nor shall any Evidence be admitted on Behalf of any the Defendant or Defendants of any Demand he, she, or they may have on the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in the Nature of a Set-off, or to lessen or discharge himl'clf, herself, or themselves, from such Demand or Cause of Action, unless Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, by personal Service or by leaving ic at his, her, or their Dwelling House, Warehouse, Whaif, Quay, Shop, Shed, Stall, Stand, or other Place of dealing, trading, or working, previous to the Day when such Matter or Caute shall be heard or tried.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the said respective Commissioners that any Plaintiff shall have split or divided his or her Cause of Action, with the Intention of bringing the same within the Jurisdiction of the said respective Courts, then and in every such Case the said respective Commissioners shall and are hereby required to dismiss, with Costs, every such Cause or Action so split and divided, but such Dismissal shall not hinder or prevenc such Plaintiff from proceeding for the Recovery of hit or her Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in such other Manner as he or she lawfully might have done if no such Action or Suit in the said respective Courts of Request had been brought or commenced: Provided always, that in cale any Plaintiff in such Cause or Action so split or divided, shall be willing to accept the Sum of Five Pounds, or such less Sum as shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the said respective Commissioners to be due and owing from the Defendant to the Plaintiff, in full of the whole of his or her Demand in such Cause, then and in every such Case the said respective Commissioners shall and may adjudge and decree the Payment of such Sum of Five Pounds or any less Sum appearing to them to be so due and owing, and declare the same to be, and which shall be deemed and taken to be in full Discharge of all Demands from the Defendant to the Plaintiff in such Case or Cause so split or divided.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in every Precept to be issued upon any Execution awarded against the Body or Goods of any Person or Persons whomsoever, the Clerk upon issuing the fame shall

fee

48° GEORGII III. Cap. uo. *161

let down in Writing the Sum or Sums of Money and Costs so 6cdfif4d and decreed to be paid; and if the Party or Parties against whom such Execution shall have been awarded, feall before any actual Sale of his, her, or their Goods, or before he, she, or they is, are, or shall be taken and apprehended, or before the Expiration of the Term of his, her, or their Imprisonment, pay or cause to be paid, or tender to the Clerk or Clerks of the said respective Courts of Request such Sum or Sums of Money and Costs, together with One Shilling as a Reward for his Trouble in receiving and paying over such Debts and Costs to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, and entering Acknowledgement of Satisfaction in the Book or Register of the said respective Courts for such Debts and Costs, then and in every such Cale the Execution shall be superceded, and by Order under the Hand of such Clerk or Clerks respectively directed to the Keeper of the Prison where such Persons shall be confined by virtue of such Execution, the Body or Bodies and Goods of such Party or Parties shall be discharged and set at Liberty.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons Tims of Im-

whomsoever, shall be committed to the said Gaol or Prison by Order prUonment of of the said respective Courts, for any Debt or Debts, or kept or con- '

tinued in Custody on any Pretence whatl'oever (except in the Cafes

herein provided) for any longer Space or Spaces of Time from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment to Prison, than is or are herein limited; (that is to say) where the Debt or Damages (exclusive of Costs) does or do not exceed the Sum of Twenty Shillings, then he, she, or they shall not be kept or continued in Custody for more than Twenty Days; and where the Debt or Damages .(exclusive of Costs) is or are above Twenty Shillings, and does or do not exceed Forty Shillings, then not more than Forty Days; and where the Debt or Damages (exclusive of Costs) is or are above Forty Shillings, and does or do not exceed Three Pounds, then not more than Sixty Days; and where the Debt or Damages (exclusive of Costs) is or are above Three Pounds, and does or do not exceed Four Pounds, then not more than Eighty Days; and where the Debt or Damages (exclusive of Costs) is or are above Four Pounds, and does or do not exseed Five Pounds, then not more than One Hundred Days from the Time of his, her, or their Commitment; and the Keeper or Keepers of the said Gaol or Prison, is and are hereby directed and required.to discharge such Persons accordingly.

XXXII. And, in order the more effectually to prevent Persons sum- IfanyDebur moned for Debt or Damages to the said Courts respectively, from frau- shall conceal dulently concealing their Money, Goods, or Effects; Be it further enacted, That in case upon the Summons of any Person for any Debt Ti^e'of hi* or Debts or Damages, before the said respective Courts, Information Imprison-of any such fraudulent Concealment shall be given, such respective ment hs Courts shall have Power to hear Evidence as to the Fact; and in case '"’"'S"1,

it shall be proved to their Satisfaction, upon the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath or Affirmation the said respective Courts are hereby empowered to administer) then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Courts to enlarge the aforesaid Time of Imprisonment [Lee. is Per.] 24 M of

2l6*

The Time of Imprison ment shall b separately and successively for each Execu lion.

Record of Judgment may be removed into the superior Courts, and Writ of Execution issued there-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. no.

of tiioh Debtor to any Period in Addition thereto, not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall be taken in Execution under or by virtue of any Process Bluing from or out of the said respective Courts of Request, and who at the Time of his, her, or their being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonrrlent, shall have more than one Execution against him, her, or them, in the said respective Courts, shall be imprisoned during the Time limited for and in respect of each and every Execution; (that is to say) after the limited Time is expired on the First Execution, the Imprisonment oh the Second Execution shall commence, and after the limited Time is expired on the Second Execution, the Imprisonment on the Third Execution shall commence, and so on until he, she, or they shall have been imprisoned the Time by this Act limited for and in respect of each and every separate Execution to be issued again!! him, her, or them in the said respective Courts, previous to his, her, or their being taken into Custody, or during his, her, or their Imprisonment; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And as it may happen that Persons served with Process Bluing out of the said respective Courts of Request may, in order to avoid Execution, remove their Persons and Effects beyond the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said respective Courts; Be it therefore enacted, That in all Cafes where a final Decree or Judgment for any Sum or Sums exceeding Ten Shillings shall have been obtained in the said respective Courts, and an Affidavit shall have been made and filed in one of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WeJhninjUr, of such Decree or Judgment being obtained, and of diligent Search and Enquiry having been made after the Person or Persons of the Defendant or Defendants, or his, her, or their Goods or Chatcels, and of the Precept of Execution having issued against the Person or Persons dr Effects (as the Case may be) of the Defendant or Defendants, and that the Person or Persons, Goods or Chattels of such Defendant or Defendants, is or are not to be found within the Jurisdiction of the said respective Courts of Request (which Affidavit may be made before a Judge or Commissioner authorized to take Affidavits), it shall and may be lawful to and for such superior Court to cause the Record of the said Decree or Judgment to be removed into such superior Court, and to issue Writs of Execution thereupon to the Sheriff of any County, City, Liberty, or Place, against the Person or Persons or Effects of the Defendant or Defendants, in the same Manner as upon Judgments obtained in the said Courts at Westminster; and the Sheriff upon every such Execution shall and he is hereby authorized to detain the Defendant or Defendants until the Sum of Twenty Shillings be paid to him, or to levy the same out of the Effects, according to the Nature of the Execution, for the extraordinary Costs of the Plaintiff or Plantiffs in the said respective Courts of Request, subsequent to the said Decree or Judgment, and of the Execution in the superior Court, over and above the Money for which such Execution shall be issued.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. ito.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall, at any Time during the hearing of any Caul’e in the said respective Courts, appear by the Oath of any Person or Persons to the Satisfaction of the major Part of the said Commissioners present at the Court at which such Cause shall be heard, that the Debtor or Debtors is or are unable from Sickness or unavoidable Accident to pay and discharge the Debt or Debts for which he, she, or they shall have been so summoned, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Commissioners to suspend or supersede the Proceedings in such Cause, until it shall, upon like Proof as aforesaid, appear to the Court that such Debtor or Debtors shall be able to pay such Debt or Debts, and then to proceed again in Manner aforesaid; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act or any Thing herein contained shall not extend to any Sum or Sums of Money, Debts or Demands whatsoever, for or on Account of any Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, unless such Debt for Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors shall have really and born fide been contracted at one Time to the Amount of Twenty Shillings or upwards, or to any Debt where the Right or Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Real Estate whatsoever, or to any Debt where the Title of the Freehold or Lease for Years of any Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Chattels real whatsoever, shall be brought or come into question, or to any Debt for any Sum being the Balance of an Account or Demand originally exceeding Five Pounds, or to any Debt that shall arise by reason of the Occupation of Lands, Tenements, ot Hereditaments situate elsewhere than within the Limits and Jurisdictions of the said respective Courts, or by reason of any Cause concerning Testamenc or Matrimony, or any Thing concerning or properly belonging to the Ecclesiastical Court, or for or concerning any Agreement by way of Composition for or by way o( Retainer of Tythes, or to any Debt or Sum of Money or Thing won at or by Means of any Horse Race, Cock Match, Wager, or any kind of Gaming or Play, or for any Forfeiture upon any Penal Statute or Bye-Law whatsoever, or to any Contract or Complaint, Difference or Dil'pute that may arise between Mailer and Servant, or Mailer and Apprentice i Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be conllrued to extend to prevent or restrain any Person from dillraining for any Rent or Arrears of Rent, although the same shall not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Serjeant, or the Deputy of any Serjeant, or any other Officer or Officers of the said respective Courts of Request, or his Deputy, who shall be employed to lerve or levy any Execution, shall, by wilful Connivance or Neg-1e£l, cause or suffer the Party again!! whom such Execution shall have been awarded to escape or abscond, or the Goods of such Party or Parties to be carried away or secreted, so as such Execution shall not have its full Force and Effect, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Commissioners, upon Complaint and due Proof made thereof upon the Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to order such Serjranr, or Deputy

2163

Commissioners to suspend Proceedings where Debtors are III or unable to pay the Debt.

The A&. not to extend to certain Debts,

Serjeants suffering an Escape, or Goods to be removed, to pay Debt and Costs.

2164 4* GEORGII III. Cap. no.

puty Officer or Officers, to pay the Sum or Sums of Money for which the said Execution was awarded to the Party complaining, and to enforce the Payment thereof, by such Ways, Means, and Methods as are hereinbefore provided for the Payment of Debts; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized to impose a Fine, not exceeding Ten Pounds, for every such Offence, on such Serjeant, or Deputy Officer or Officers.

No Attorney

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Attorney at Law, or Solicitor Solicitor, or other Officer of any Court whatsoever, shall be allowed have'priW- to P'ea<d or maintain any Privilege against the Process, Authority, legeinthe" Jurisdiction, or Judgment of the said rel'pective Courts of Request; Coum. and no such Attorney, Solicitor, or any Scrivener or other Person TJoAttorney practising the Law, shall be permitted to appear in the said respective Solicitor, Courts of Request as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate for or on Scrivener,or Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or any other Person, or to speak she Law °o before the said respective Courts in any Cause, Action, or Matter in be'an^ivo- which such Attorney, Solicitor, Scrivener, or other Person practising cats. the Law, is not himself a Party or Witness; and in case any Attorney,

Solicitor, Scrivener, or other Person praccifing the Law, shall appear in the said respective Courts as an Attorney, Solicitor, or Advocate for or on Behalf of any Plaintiff or Defendant, or speak before the said respective Courts in any Cause, Action or Matter in which such Attorney, Solicitor, Scrivener, or other Person practising the Law, is not himself a Party or Witness, then and in every such Case such Attorney, Solicitor Scrivener, or other Person practising the Law, to offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, on being convicted thereof before any one or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Stafford, on his own Confession, or upon the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, which Oath and Affirmation such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer.

For prevent-

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Per-,ng Insults Tons Ihdl contemptuously or wilfully affront, insult, or abuse all or any bring offered of tf,e Commissioners or Officers of the said respective Courts of Re-ro the Court. e[j for ;|ie Time being, during his or their Sitting or Attendance in Court, or shall interrupt or obstruct the Proceedings of the said respectlive Courts, or at any Time affront, insult, or abuse, hinder, or obstruct, or attempt or threaten to hinder or obstruct any Officer of the said respective Courts in the Execution of his Office, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners then fitting, to order and direct the respective Serjeants of the said Court, with or without the Aid or Assistance of any other Person or Persons, to take such Offender or Offenders into Custody, and if not then fitting, then for the said Commissioners at the next Court, to cause a Warrant to be issued by the Clerk of the said Court, directing the respective Serjeants to apprehend and take or cause to be apprehended and taken the said Offender or Offenders, and the said Commissioners shall then or at any future Court examine into such Affront, Abuse, Insult, or Misbehaviour, either from their own View or Knowledge

48° GEORGII III. Cap. xio. 2x65

ledge of the Offence, or by the Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations, of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and upon such Affront, Abuse, Insult, or Misbehaviour, being duly ascertained or proved as aforet'aid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to impose a Fine, not exceeding Five Pounds, for each and every such Offence, on each and every such Offender or Offenders.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Clerks of the said ^opyofth* respective Courts of Request for the Time being shall fix up or cause ciaufeufbe to be fixed up from Time to Time and at all Times, in some public fixed up in or conspicuous Part of the respective Court Houses or other Places t,ie respective where the said respective Comrtiissioners shall meet, a true Copy of the C°urlfloufci. last preceding Clause of this Act, to the end that no Person or Persons shall or may plead ignorance thereof.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That every Gaoler or Keeper of the Gaoler* to Common Gaol or Prison in the Town of Wolverhampton aforesaid, shall receive Per-and may, and he and they is and are hereby required to take into his com*

or their Custody respectively all and every Person and Persons who mUSC shall be committed or ordered to stand committed under or by virtue of any Wai rant. Attachment, or other Precept issued out of the said respective Courts or otherwise, under or by virtue of this Act; and in calc any such Gaoler or Keeper shall refuse or neglect to take and receive into his or their Custody any Person or Persons committed as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, or shall, before the Expiration of the Time for which any Person or Persons shall be committed, discharge such Person or Persons out of his or their Custody, or wilfully suffer such Person or Persons to go at large, without a Warrant or Order for that Purpose in Writing, signed in Court by Three or more of the said respective Commissioners, except in the Cafe of Payment or Tender of Payment of Debt and Costs as hereinbefore is mentioned and provided for, such Keeper and Keepers respectively so offending in either of the said Cafes, and being thereof convicted before anyone or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County, upon the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath or Affirmation such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to administer) or upon his or their own Confession, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That each and every Person impri- Debtors t>ot foned by virtue of this Act, shall at the Expiration of his or her Time liable to pay ot Imprisonment be discharged and fee at Libercy. without paying Fee*, any Sum of Money, Fee, or other Reward or Gratuity to the Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys, of the said Gaol or Prison or other Person or Persons, by way of Gaol Fees or Discharge Fees, or on any Pretence whatsoever j and if any Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys, of the said Gaol or Prison, or any other Person whomsoever, shall demand, take, or receive any Fee or Sum of Money whatsoever, upon the Discharge of any such Person or Persons so committed to his or their Charge or Custody as aforesaid, or shall keep or

{Loc. fc? Per.] 24 N detain

Si66 48° GEORGII III. Cap. no.

detain any such Person or Persons a Prisoner or Prisoners after thtf-Time by this Act limited for his, her, or their Impfifonment, every such Keeper, Turnkey, and other Person, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Justices may P°un<Js J and ,c fhaN and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices determine Y of the Peace for the said County to hear and determine every such such Offence. Offence, and such Two Justices are hereby authorized and required upon any such Information exhibited, or Complaint made to them of such Offence having been committed, within Three Calendar Months after the Commission thereof, to summon the Party accused, and alfd the Witnesses on each Side, and to examine into the matter of Fact, and upon due Proof thereof by the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the voluntary Confession of the Party accused, to give Judgment or Sentence for such Penairy or Forfeiture as aforesaid.

Fees to be

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Fees and Sums taken. of Money hereinafter limited and expressed, shall be and are hereby

authorized and allowed to be demanded and taken upon and for the several Processes, Acts, Matters and Things hereinafter mentioned, over and above any Sum or Sums of Money which any such Processes may be subject or liable to in respect of Stamp Duties (if liable thereto) j that is to say:

CLERK’s FEES:

For entering every Cause ——

For every Summons to Defendant -

For every Summons or Subpoena to Witnesses For calling the Plaintiff and Defendant before the 7 Court, each - -- 5

For every Hearing or Trial -

For swearing every Witness, or Plaintiff, or De-1

fendant - - - - J

For entering and drawing up every Judgment, 7 Decree, or Order on hearing -

For every Copy of every such Judgment, Decree, 7 or Order - -- - } For every Nonsuit -

For every Search -

For paying Money into Court, and entering the f fame in his Books ----- )

If by Instalments 6d. in the Pound more.

For receiving Money out of Court in full -

For receiving Money out of Court by Instalments For entering Acknowledgement of Satisfaction in } K.s Rooks - - - -- - - --j For issuing every Attachment, Precept, Order, 1 or Execution ----- J

For every Warrant of Commitment for an Insult,) or Misbehaviour in the Court, or to the Com- r missioners, Clerks, or Officers of the Courts

On Debis not exceeding Forty Shillings un De

S. d. Sm d.

O 8 I O

O 8 I 4

O 8 I 4

e 4 O 8

I 0 2 O

0 4 O 8

I 0 2 O

0 9 I 6

0 9 I 6

0 4 O 5

0 6 I O

0 8 I 0

I O I 6

0 8 I O

1 O I 6

I O 2 0

SER-

4 GEORGII III. Cap. no.

2167

On Debts no exceeding Fo, ty Shillings.

0 3

2 o

o 9

SERJEANT’s FEES:

For the Service of every Summons, Order, or )

Subpoena -

For calling the Plaintiff or Defendant before? the Coure ----- J

For executing every Attachment, Execution, j Precept, or Warrant against the Body or Goods j If an Assistant Serjeant be necessary in the Judg-? ment of the Commissioners then for the Affilt- j-ant - -- - - -- - J For carrying every Defendant, Plaintiff, or De~? linquent to Prison -

If out of the Town of Wolverhampton, for^ every mile from the Town, extra for each ( mile - -- j

A Table of which Fees shall from Time to Time be fixed up in some con-Ipicuous Part or Parts of the respective Court Houses or Places where the said respective Commissioners shall meet for the Purposes aforesaid, to the end that all Persons concerned may peruse and inspect the same.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said por varying respective Commissioners or any Nine or more of them, shall and may Fees, from Time to Time, if they shall think fic, being assembled for that Purpose, pursuant to Notice for that Purpose given, as herein directed for the Election of new Commissioners, lessen or reduce all or any of the Fees limited and allowed to be demanded as aforesaid, so that the same shall not be reduced to less than One-half of the several and respective Sums hereinbefore particularly mentioned, and may afterwards from Time to Time, if they the said respective Commissioners or any Nine or more of them, upon the like Notice being given, advance all or any of the said Fees so lessened or reduced, to any Sum not exceeding the several and respective Sums hereinbefore mentioned and expressed.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk or Serjeant of penalty o» the said respective Courts of Request for the Time being, or any De- taking puty or Person by either of them employed, or any other Person, shall greater Fees, demand and take any greater or other Fee or Reward than what is hereinbefore mentioned and specified, under Colour or Pretence of any Service or other Matter in the Execution of this Act, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Fine, not exceeding Five Pounds, as the said respective Commissioners shall afiefs and impose, to be applied in Aid of carrying this Act into Execution.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Commissioit-to and for the said respective Commissioners from Time co Time to ers to make such Orders as they shall think fit for regulating the Manner of "ad Qrd°e* receivin'* and collecting such Fees, and to authorize and appoint such a, may be Person or Persons as they shall think fit to receive the same j and that every necessary for such Person and Persons shall keep an Account of the Receipt of such receiving,

pceg appropntt-

2X68 48° GEORGII III. Cap. no,

5ng and d>- Fees, and render and deliver an Account thereof when and as often as

fees?* UC or be required so to do by the said respective Commissi-

oners; and ic shall and may be lawful to and for thet said respective Commissioners to appropriate and direct the Payment of any Parc or Proportion, not exceeding One third Parc of such Fees so to be collected, and received as aforesaid, to or for any other Officer or Officers to be appointed by the said respective Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, and for the better Execution of the fame (other chan such Clerk or Clerks, Serjeant or Serjeants so to be appointed as aforesaid) and for Payment of the other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution; and the said respective Commissioners shall and may, if any Dispute or Question shall arise, or they shall otherwise think (it, direct the Division, Appropriation, and Payment of the Remainder of such Fees, and in what Manner, Shares, and Proportions, to and amongst such Clerk and Clerks, Serjeant and Serjeants, and their respective Deputies and Assistants, as shall be appointed in pursuance and for the better Execution of this Act.

Recovery

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures ard Appro- by this Act imposed, and which shall not be paid forthwith (the Man-priation of ner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise par-Ptiuliies. ticularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any Three or more of the respective Commissioners, or of the Justice or Justices by whom such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be imposed, in pursuance of any Provision in this Act contained (which Warrant such respective Commissioners and Justice and' Justices are hereby respectively empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath or Affirmation); and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting such Fines and Penalties, and the reasonable Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling such Distress; and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not hereinbefore directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the respective Clerks of the said respective Commissioners, and shall by the said respective Commissioners be distributed in such Manner as they shall think right and proper, amongst the Poor within the Limits of the Jurisdiction of the said respective Courts; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, ic shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Commissioners or such Justice or Justices, and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said respective Commissioners or such Justice or Justices (as the Case may be) to commit the Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or Prison in the said Town of Wolverhampton there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties or Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

Form of

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviaior; Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed against this Act, the Form of the Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

11

BE

48° GEORGII III. Cap. no.

4 THS it remembered, That on this

in rKp

Diflreft not

ful for want of form.

Day of

in the Year of the Reign of

A.B. is convicted before

of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Stafford, (or, before Three of the Commissioners for the Reco*

very of Small Debts within the Townships of Wolverhampton and f Wednesfeld, and the several Pari fries of Brewood, Packingham, Buff- bury, and Penn, in the County of Stafford, or, before Three of the Commissioners for the Recovery of Small Debts within the 1 own- ships of Bilston and Willcnhall and the Parishes of Wednesbury and

Darlaston, in the County of Stafford) [as the Case may be] of having

[as the Offence shall be] and I [or, We] the said

c do adjudge him, [her, or, them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of such Offence b^ing contrary

4 to the Provisions of an Act, made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this Act,] Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.’

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed aTrefpafler or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining 3 but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

L. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Aficfi*- Proceedings ment or Judgment, or other Proceedings made touching or concern- not to be ing any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Con- Bua,'ned Lr viction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed watuo* orm' or vacated for want of Form only.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to extinguish, restrain, alter, annul, take away or otherwise prejudice the Jurisdiction of any ancient Court Baron holden by any Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors in the said County of Stafford, or to annul or prejudice the Jurisdiction of the County Court or Hundred Courts holden by the Sheriff of the said County of Stafford, or his Stewards respectively, or any of the Rights,

Privileges and Franchises to the fame Courts or any of them belonging, but that Fleas shall and may be held in the said Courts of all Debts, Matters, and Things, within such Manors or within the Jurisdiction of the said County or Hundred Courts respectively 3 and all Persons may sue and be sued in the fame Courts, in like Manner as if this Act had never been made; any Thing herein contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

Jurisdictiort of Courts Baron, aner County and Hundred Courts.

[Lee. y Per.-]

34 0

2170

Afllo’.is not to be brought without Notice, nor after Tender of Amends.

[General issue.]

[Treble Costs.]

[Public Act.]

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 11 o.

LII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Matter or Thing done or to be done in pursuance of this Act, until Notice thereof shall have been given to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Person against whom such Action or Suit shall be intended to be brought (specifying in such Notice the particular Cause of Action) at least One Calendar Month before the suing out and serving the fame, nor after sufficient Tender of Amends shall have been made to the Party aggrieved, nor unless such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards, and shall be laid in the County where such Person or Persons shall reside as aforesaid, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before the Expiration of One Calendar Month after such Notice shall have been given, or after Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to the Party aggrieved, or after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be laid in any other County or Place, then and in either of the said Cafes the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants j and upon such Verdier, or if the Plantiffor Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited or discontinue such Action or Suit, or if upon a Verdict or Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and shall have such other Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants can or may have in any Other Cafe by Law.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahah, Printers to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

a*,*

Cap. 111.

An Act for altering and amending an Act of His present Majesty for building a Bridge over the River Thames at Henley-upon-Thames, in the County of Oxford.

[18th fune 1808.]

WHEREA5 an Act was passed in the Twenty-first Year of the A a 21 Geo. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building IU« ch. 33, a Bridge over the River Thames at the Town of Henley-upon-Thames, in the County of Oxford, and making commodious Avenues thereto, for widening feme Part of the High-Street, and the Market Placet for lighting and watching, for regulating the Footways in, and for removing Nutfances, obstructions, and Annoyances from the said Town:. And whereas by virtue of the said recited Act a fqbftantial Stone Bridge over the River Thames - was built ax Henley-upon-Thames, and called Henley Bridge, and compleated several Years ago, and certain Avenues made thereto, and the said Bridge hath always since the building thereof been kept, and now is in good Repair: And whereas the building of the said Bridge hath been attended with great Conveniences Hot only to the said Town and Neighbourhood, but also to ail Persons travelling the great Turnpike Road which leads to and from London through the said Town, and which is and for several Years past hath been a grear Thoroughfare to the North-west Parts of England and South Wales: And whereas the Commissioners appointed in or authorized by Money b- the recited Act have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money for rmYed‘ the Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas Parcs of certain public Road9 ,ead-Streecs in the said Town of Henley, called Bell Street, Hart Street, and to the ILoc.V Per.-] 240 Duke ing KPa"

2170

Streets to be pitched or otherways menaed.

fowtt to

pitch, or amend Streets, and to erett Lamps, &c.

Power to borrow a Som not exceeding £-1.500 on Credit of it Tolls.

48° GEORGII Ilf. Cap. in.

Duke Street, being the principal Roads leading to the said Bridge, are extremely narrow and out of Repair, and at Times so much so as to render it difficult for Carriages to pass with Safety, and particularly in dark Nights, as those Streets are not lighted, and the Materials to be procured in the Neighbourhood are not sufficient in Substance to refill the Pressure of the great Number of Carriages that travel the said Road, some of which are very heavily laden: And whereas it would tend not only to the Accommodation and Convenience of Travellers if the said Screets were pitched or otherwise substantially amended, improved, and lighted, and some of the Corners of the said Streets rounded, but would be the Means of increasing the said Tolls by encouraging Travellers to pass through Henley on their Way to and from London: And whereas the Commissioners of the said Bridge have paid off a considerable Part of the Money borrowed for building the fame, and the Surplus of the Money arising from the Toils after Payment of Interest Money for the borrowed Sums remaining due and keeping the said Bridge in Repair, and other incidental Expences, amounts to the Sum of Four hundred Pounds or thereabouts, and which Surplus by being laid out annually as saved it is presumed would be sufficient to complete the Improvements of the said Streets, without borrowing any further Sum on the Credit of the said Tolls: But as the Commissioners conceive that such Improvement, Matters, and Things cannot be done and effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenc of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners named and authorized in, and appointed or to be appointed under or by virtue of the said recited Act, to apply all or any Part of the said Surplus of the said Tolls, or of the Balance now remaining in the Hand, of their Treasurer, and by borrowing any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds on the Credit of the Tolls as after mentioned, in or towards pitching or otherwise substantially amending and improving the Carriage Roads and Ways in the said Streets called Bell Street, Hart Street, and Duke Street, in Henley-upon-Thomes aforesaid, leading to the said Bridge, called Henley Bridge, with such Materials and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and in rounding and widening the Corner of the said Street called Bell Street, at the South East Corner thereof next to Hart Street, and the Corner of the said Street called Duke Street at the North East Corner thereof next to Hart Street aforesaid, and in or towards providing and fixing up such Number of LampPofts with Lamp Irons, Lamps, and other Materials in such Places in or near the said Streets respectively, or upon or near the said Bridge, and for lighting such Lamps in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, for the Purpose of rendering the said Streets leading to the said Bridge more safe, commodious, and convenient for Travellers.

II. And be it further enacted, That for the better and more effectually and speedily enabling the said Commissioners to make or cause to be made the several Improvements, and to carry into effect the several Matters and Things hereinbefore authorized tt> be done and performed »♦ it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby autho-

*i7»

48° GEORGII III. Cap. tn.

sized and empowered if they shall so think fit or find it convenient, at their first or any subsequent Meeting after the passing of this Act, to borrow and take up at Interest on the Credit of the Tolls, granted and authorized to be taken by virtue of the said recited Act, or this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds; and they may and are hereby empowered from Time to Time, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to mortgage or assign all or ar.y of the Tolls granted or authorized to be taken by the Paid recited Act, or by this Act, for any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds, to any Ferson or Persons, for any Time or Term the said Commissioners may think fit, as a Security or Securities for, and redeemable on Payment of the several Sums of Money that shall be so borrowed, and the Interest thereof, and that the Securities to be made to the several Person or Persons advancing or lending any such Sum or Sums of Money under the Authority of this Act, may be in the Words or to the Effect of the Form prescribed by the said recited Aft1 and that all and every the Rules, Orders, Directions, and Authorities in the said recited Act contained, with respect to the Powers and Authorities to the Commissioners to borrow Money and give Securities for the fame, and as the Person or Persons lending or advancing any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of the said Act shall be construed, deemed, and taken to be applicable to and for the Purposes of this Act, and for carrying the fame into Execu-jion as fully and effectually as if the fame were hereby re-enacted.

III. And be it further enacted, That if in rounding or widening the before mentioned Corners of the said Streets called Bell Street and Duke Street, or in any other of the Improvements hereby authorized to be made, the said Commissioners shall so deem it expedient, it shall and may be lawful for them, and they shall have full Power and Authority to treat, contract, and agree with the several Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers of, and Persons interested in any Messuages or Buildings, or any Part or Parts of the fame respectively, or of or in any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, for the Purchase of any such Messuages or Buildings, or any Part or Parts of the fame respectively, or of any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or for the Lof* or Damage such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons interested, or any of them, shall or may in any-wiie sustain by reason of rounding and widening the said Corners of the said Streets, or making any such Improvements as aforesaid, and out of the Monies hereinbefore mentioned to pay for such Messuages or Buildings, or Part or Parts of the fame respectively, or of any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, and for such Loss or Damage so to be sustained such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Commissioners and such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, and Persons interested as aforesaid, and also the Costs and Charges attending such Agreements and Purchases.

IV. And whereas it may happen that (ome Persons or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, or others, are or may be seised or possessed of Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments which may by the said Commissioners be thought necessary or proper to be taken and added to the said Roads, and such Persons or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate,

1 Corporations

Authority to treat for Fw« chafe of Pie* miles.

Incapacitated Persons authorized to fell, &c.

2172

48° GEORGII III. Cap. xii.

Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or Feoffees, may be willing to treat or agree for the Sale of such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, but may be ineapable of granting or conveying the fame by rejfon of Infancy or other Disability; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and ali Feoffees in Trull, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or other Trustees whatsoever, for or on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Coverts, or Cestuique Trulls, and for all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seized, possessed of, or intefefted in any such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, to treat, contrail, and agree with the said Commissioners for the Purchase of such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or for their Incerefl therein for the Purposes aforesaid, and to sell and convey the same as Occasion shall be and require; and all Contrails, Agreements, Sales, and Conveyances which shall he so made shall be valid to all Intents whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trull, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall he hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act.

Or ReAifal to V. And be it further enacted, That if any such Owner, Proprietor, j 'ry’to be Occupier, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggre-iaipanndltd. gate or Sole, Feoffees, Trustees, or other Person or Persons interested in any such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments* upon Notice to them given or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, cr Hereditaments so to be taken and appropriated by the said Commissioners, shall by the Space of Twenty-three Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat or shall not agree in the Premises, or by Reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Case the said Commissioners shall cause it to be enquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Oxford, (which Oath any One or more Of the said Commissioners is and are hereby empowered and required to adtr.inifter) what Damage will be fullained by,' and what Eecompence and Satisfaction ought to be made to such Owners, Proprietors, Occupiers, or other Person or Persons interested for or upon account of the taking such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, for the aforesaid Purposes or any of them, and in order thereto the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, as Occasion shall be or require, to summon and call before the said Jury, and examine upon Oarh all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as a Witaefs or Witnesses, touching or concerning the Premises (which Oath any One or more of the said Commissioners is and are hereby empowered to administer), and the said Commissioners shall order and cause the said Jury to view the said Places in Question, if there be Occasion, and ule all

lawful

lawful Ways and Means as well for their own Information, as for the Information of such Jury in the Premises as they the said Commissioners shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of, ascertained, and settled such Damage and Recompence, they the said Commissioners shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the said Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners, Proprietors, or Occupiers of, or other Person interested in the said Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury, which said Verdict or Inquifnton and Judgment, Order or Determination so had and made shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes again!! all Person and Persons whomsoever, claiming in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absenc as present, Infants, Femes Covert, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Person or Persons whomsoeverj and all and every such Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers, and all and every Person and Persons interested in such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall upon Payment or Tender of the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed as aforesaid, be thereby, and from thenceforth to all Intents and Purposes divcfled of all Right, Title, Claim, In-rereft, and Property of, in, to, or out of the fame; and for the sum-nioning and returning such Jury or Juries, the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to issue out their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of Oxford, thereby commanding and requiring him to impannel, summnn, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons to appear before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as in such Warrants shall be appointed, and the said Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Commissioners shall swear, or cause to be sworn Twelve, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid,; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen attending the said Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service to the Number of Twelve, and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn: and the said Commissioners acting in the Premises shall have full Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs, or Agents making Default in the Premises; and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and who shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being so sworn, refusing to give or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and give Evidence, and from Time to Time to levy such Fine or Fines in the same Manner as any other Forfeiture or Penalty is by the said recited Act directed to be levied, so that no such Fine shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any one Person fo$ one Offence; and all such Fines shall be applied for such Uses and in such [Lot, et Per.'] 24p Manner

2174

How Expences of Jury, &c. frail be paid.

Punishment of Offenders.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. in.

Manner as the Tolls granted by the said recited Act or this Act are to be applied.

V!. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give and deliver a Vrrdift or Assessment for more Money as a Rr com pence for the Right, Inrereft, or Properrv of env Person or Persons in any Messuages, Buildings, Lands, or Hrredir.-mems cr for any Lossor Damage to be determined by rhem lufiained than what shall have been agreed on and offered by the said Commissioners, or their Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or ocher known Agent, b-fore the summoning and returning of a Jury as aforesaid as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interefi, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, and then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Commissioners out of the said Surplus Tolls j but if such Jury shall give and deliver a Verdict or Aflelf-mentfor no more or leis Money than shall have been offered and agreed to be paid by the said Commissioners before the summoning and returningkhe said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then the fuii Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the Hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by rht Person or Persons with whom the said Commissioners shall have such Contraversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences having been ascertained and fertled by fomt Justice of the Peace of the said Town of Henley-upon- hames, not incerested in the Matter in question (who is hereby authorized and required to examine the fame at a Time and Place to be by him appointed, after summoning the Parties interested therein to attend him for that Purpose), shall and may be deducted out of the Money so afieffed and adjudged as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such P.-rfon or Persons; and the Payment and Tender of the Remainder of such Money snail be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum ot Sums so afiefled and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being to ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, by such Ways and Means as are by the said recited Act provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures; provided always, that in Cafe any Person or Persons shall by Reason of Absence be prevented from treating, then the whole of such Costs, Charges, and Expences shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Money arising or to arise by virtue of this or the said recited Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Provisions and Enactments in the said recited Act contairted for the Punishment of Persons who shall wilfully break, throw down, or otherwise damage any of the Lamps erected by virtue of the said Act, or any of the Posts, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or extinguish any of the said Lamps, shall extend and be construed, deemed, and taken to extend to the Lamps, Lamp Posts, Irons, and other Fu.rniture thereof which shall be provided, set up, or affixed by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act.

4-S9 GEORGII III. Cap. rxr.

VIII. And whereas by a certain Clause in the said recited Act, it is enacted and provided. That noPi-rfon or Personsfha1] be subject or liable to the Payment of any of the Tolls thereby granted more than once in any one Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock of the succeeding N'ghr, piaffing with the fame Horse, Catrle, Bead, or C image, over the said Bridge: And whereas Doubts have arisen with respect so the Construction of the said Clause, and it is fit and proper that such Doubts should be removed; be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the passing of this Act, the said Uft recited Clause shall he refeinded, and that instead of the Exemptions granted by the said Clause, the following Exemptions shall be enacted in lieu thereof (videlicit); That no Person or Persons shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any of the Tolls by the said recited Act granted more than once in any one Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night, passing with the fame Horse or ITorfes, Cattle, Beast or Beads, if not drawing any Carriage, or with the fame Horse or Hotfes, Cattle, Bead or Beads and Carriage, if drawing any Carriage over the said Bridge, such Person or Persons producing a Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll on that Day as directed by the said recited Act, any Thing contained in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Waggon, Carr, Wain, or other Carriage laden principally with Corn or Grain passing over the said Bridge, and coming into the said Town of Henley on the weekly Market Day there, in order for Sale at the said Market, shall (notwithstanding fomc Part of the Lading may consist of Poultry, Butter, Provisions, Fruit, or other Articles, either for Sale at the5said Market or not) be considered for the Purposes of the said recited Act, and the Tolls thereby granted as laden otherwise than with Corn only, any Thing in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And whereas by the said recited Act, a certain Toll or Duty of One Penny is made payable for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, Laden or Unladen, and not drawing any Carriage, passing through the Toll Gate at the said Bridge: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether, when any such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, not drawing any Carriage shall pass through the said Gate, and pay the said Toll of One Penny, and afterwards pals through the said Gate, in the course of the same Day, attached to or drawing a Carriage, any further Toll is liable to be paid for such Horse: Be it therefore further enacted and declared, That from and after the passing of this Act, in case the Toll of One Penny by the said recited Act granted, shall be demanded and paid for any Horse, Marc, Gelding, Mule, or Afs passing through the said Toll Gate, credted or to be ertdled at the said Bridge, and shall afterwards return in the course of the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night, to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night), attached to or drawing any Carriage of any Sort or Description whatlo-ever, a further Toll or Sum of Two-pence shall be paid for and in re-spedt of every such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs so again passing over the said Bridge, or through such Toll Gate, over and above the

Sum

2175

Recital that Tolls are to be paid only

Alterations from the former Act.

Carriages laden with Corn coming to Henley Market on the Market Day.

Horse oi*-Catlle not drawing, and, afterwards passing the Gate drawing a Carriage.

217&

Carriages fafteried behind other

Seven Commissioners present at a Meeting to carry this and the former Act; into Execution.

Pprfons aggrieved may appeal to the Sessions.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. m.

Sum of One Penny, which may have been paid or ought to have been paid, and so as to make the Toll or Duty for the Day precisely the same as if such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, had originally pasted through such Toll Gate drawings Carriage.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Afi it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons to be appointed by them for that Purpose, to alk, demand, receive, recover, and take before any Carriage fastened to or behind any Waggon, Carr, Wain, or other Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the present Toll Gate at the said Bridge, or any future Toll Gate or Toil Gates to be erected there, such Tolls or Sums of Money as the said Commissiomrs shall order and direct, not exceeding the Tolls or Sums following, (that is to say) for every empty Carriage with Pour Wheels fastened to or behind any Waggon, Wain, Drug, Cart, or other Carriage, the Sum of Two-pence, and if loaded double such Tolls 5 and for every empty Carriage with Two Wheels so fastened, the Sum of One Penny, and if loaded double such Tolls; and that all and every the Power and Powers, Authority and Authorities contained in the said recited Act for Recovery of the Tolls and Duties thereby imposed, shall and may be exercised by the said Commissioners and others, in such and the same Manner and as fully and effectually to all Intents, Conductions, and Purposes whatsoever for recovering, receiving, and obtaining Payment of the Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable as if such Power and Powers, Authority and Authorities had been repeated and inserted in this Act.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That from and after the passing of this Act, that as well all the Powers and Authorities by the said recited Act of the Twenty-first Year of His present Majesty, as all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or vested in the said Commissioners, shall and may from Time to Time be exercised and put in force by the major Part of such of the said Commissioners as shall be present at any Meeting to be held by virtue of the said recited Act, provided there shall be Seven Commissioners at the lead then present; and that all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of such of the said Commissioners as shall he present at any such Meeting as aforesaid, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if done or made by the whole of the Commissioners then in being.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tfiarif any Person shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, to be held for the said County of Oxford, within Six Calendar Months after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant first giving Twenty-one Days Notice at the lead in Writing, of his or her Intention to make such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Commissioners, and within Four Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said Town of Henley-itpon-Thames, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of and pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof o, 1... I, , octet; being given as aforesaid, and the entering into such Recognizance. shall

hear

2177

4#" GEORGII III. Cap. in.

hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Appeal in & summary Way, and award such Costs to the Parties appealing, or appealed ugninft, as the said Justices shall think proper, and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIV. And bfe it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act and this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as in the (did recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall in case the same shall amount to br exceed the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenien: Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Act and this AdiV to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order macle'upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been encitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Heredicaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or 'such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments* or affecting other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and in veiled under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of other Meffua-ges, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled, or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effe<5l; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidaced or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Grounds, or other Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application or Comprn-fation when amounting to £<200 and upwards.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money iness c[,an so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- £,ioa. and taments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disabk " [Lpc. el Per.} 24 lity

2173 48° GEORGII III; Gap. in.

lity or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall be equal to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, ihen and in all furh Cafes the same shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians* Committee or Committes, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant-General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore di* reeled so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being re-, quired to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery,

‘ :v b

If under

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such

£ 2- Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be Itls than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, as the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them shall think fit j or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

in case of

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons rot making to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for che Purchase out Tales cf any Mefibages, or Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the or if Person* said Trustees or any Seven or more of them t or in case such Person or found Via- Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as chafe-Money aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such to be paid in- Messuages, or Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments be not known or to the Bank, discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Par-Subject to the ties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, \dejcr thing theni\ subject Order of the to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, Chancery. which Coure die Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Parc thereof by Motion of Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof according to ther-e-spedlive Estate or Estate9, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons

making

2179

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. m.

making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Calli-iers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what, and for what Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this or the said Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any fich Money, or the Dividends or Interests of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Poflfession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken ro have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully-entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

WTiere any Question shall arise touching the Title to the Moiey to be paid, the Person $ who shall be in Possession of the Land* shall be deemed to be entitled thereunto, unless, &c.

XIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason The Court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, of Chancery entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased may order under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, the Purchase g"f°e"^eof Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chan- °a

eery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or be paid by Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said the Tnilea. recited Act or this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Act and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be received by vircue of the said Act and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and PaW;c Aa-taken to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed byj George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1S08.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

CAP. CXII.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts for repairing the Road from Lauder in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso in the Shire of Roxburgh to the March Burn.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of fi Geo. j. His present Majesty, intituled "An Act for repairing the c. 7j.

" Road front the Burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick,

" to and through Kelso, in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the March Burn," certain Tolls or Duties were granted and made payable for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Road from Lauder to and through Kelso to the March Burn-, and by another Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled 27g.3. " An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Sixth c.yj.’

" Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from " the Burgh of Lauder, in the Shire of Berwick, to and through Kelso,

" in the Shire of Roxburgh, to the March Burn," the Term and Powers granted by the former Act were altered and continued: And whereas the Trullees nominated and appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded in the Execution thereof; but the said Road cannot be effectually amended and kept in Repair, nor the Sum of Three thousand nine hundred Pounds, mentioned in the said recited Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty to have been borrowed on the personal Credit of the Trullees mominated and appointed by the said recited Act of the Sixth [Lee. & Per.] M R Year

21 8 2

48° GEORGII III. Cap. J12.

Year of the Reign of His present Majesty repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts be enlarged, and further and other Powers granted. May it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, Former Acts in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, further con- That the said recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present tinued Majesty, and all and every the Clauses, Exemptions, Powers, Authorities, Articles, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein contained, (except such as were altered or varied by the said recited Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or by this present Act); and also that the said Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Clauses, Exemptions, Powers, Authorities, Articles, Rules, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein contained (except in so far as they are altered or varied by this present Act;) shall be continued in full Force and Effect during the Term hereby granted, and this Act, and the Term hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the said recited Acts and this present Act, or any of them, and all Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

Trustees.

II. And be it further enacted, That in the place of the Trustees nominated and appointed by the said Acts, or in pursuance of the Powers thereby given, the Honourable Gilbert Elliot the Younger of Minto, Sir Alexander Bon of Newton Baronet, Sir James Pringle of Stitcbel Baronet, Sir Henry Hay Makdougal of Makerston Baronet, S'w'John Buchanan Riddell of Riddell Baronet, Sir George Douglas of Springwood Park Baronet, Sir Archibald Collingwocd Dickson of Sydenham Baronet, George Baillie of Jer-vijwocd, Hugh Scott of Harden, Janies Haig of Bemerfyde, George Waldie of Htnderjyde, Andrew Wamhope of Niddrie, Mark Pringle of Clifton, John Rutherfurd of Edgerstone, Thomas Tulloh of Elliejloun, Walter Ker of Lit-tledean, Alexander Carre of Cavers, William Oliver Younger of Dinlabyre, Sheriff-Depute of the County of Roxburgh, Edmund Anirobus of Rutherford, Robert Davidson of Pinnacle Hill, Robert Walker of Wooden, Adam Boyd of Cherry trees, Robert Ker of Chat to, Doctor Charles Ker of Gatejhaw, William Elliot of Wells, James Ramsay Cuthbert of Ednam, David Binn.ng Monro of Soft law, Andrew Wilson of A.ainhouse, Edward Mar-jonbanks of Lees, John Marjoribanks of Eccles, James Dukfon of Anlonf-hill, James Home of Qarrolfide, Dottor James Home of Coldenknows, Adam Fairholm of Chapel, Henry Erfk ne o! Sheffield, Alexander Don the Younger of Newton, John Pringle the Younger of Stitcbel, John James Douglas the Younger of Springwood-Park, Andrew Wauchope the Younger of Niddrie, John Waldie the Y’ounger of Henderfide, being qualified in the Manner directed by the said recited Acts, the Eldeit Baillie of the Royal burgh of Lauder for the Time being, and the Factor upon the Estate of Roxburgh for the Time being, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees far putting in Execution the said recited Acts, and this present Act.

Quorum. IIK And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them shall and may execute, direct, and perform all the Powers,

Authorities,

2 rSj

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 1x2.

Authorities, Rules, Regulations, Articles, Directions, Matters and Things whatsoever, by this and the said recited Acts, given, directed and prescribed, any Thing in either of the said recited Acts contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more Meeting! of of them, shall meet at Keljo, upon the Third Monday next after the Trustee. passing of this Act j or as loon thereafter as conveniently may be, and shall at such Meeting proceed to the Execution of this and the said Tecited Acts, and may then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn to meet at such Times and at such Places, as the said Trustees shall think proper to appoint, without prejudice to their meeting at any other Time, if there be Occasion, upon Notice from the Clerk of the last Meeting affixed upon each respective Turnpike Gate, and advertised, at least once, in some One Newspaper published at Kelso, if any be, and in some One Newspaper published at Edinburgh, Ten Days at least before the Day fixed lor such Meeting,

V. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of Former Toll* this Act the Tolls and Duties by the said recited Acts granted and toceafe. made payable, shall cease and determine, and in lieu thereof, the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or any Per fan authorized by them in Manner as by the said recited Acts directed may and shall at each Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected, by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, in, upon, across, or on the Side of any Part or Parts of the said Road, demand, levy, and take the Tolls and Duties following, before any Horle, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Cattle great or small, Coach. Landau, Chariot, Berlin, Chaise, Hearse, Calaffi, Tolli.

Chair, Litter, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Sledge, or other Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through the fame; that is to say,

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Hearse, Calaffi, or Chair, drawn by Six or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four or Fives Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling; for every Calaffi, Chaise, or Chair, drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling; for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carnage, drawn by Six or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or ocher Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five Hones, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Four Horles, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses,

Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by one Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Thiee-pence Sterling; for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, whereon any Person shall nde,the Sum of Three-pence Sterling; for every other Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden, or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence Sterling; for every Drove

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 112.

of Oxen, or neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number; for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number.

VI. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act the Exemptions from Tolls or Duties allowed by the said recited Acts shall cease and determine.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Toll whatsoever shall be demanded or taken, for any Carriage, Horses, or Cattle, loaded with any Materials for making or repairing the said Road, or any other public Roads; or for building, or repairing Bridges., Toll-Houses, or Turnpike-Gates, or Toll-Bars, on the said Road, or any other public Roads, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty after carrying the fame, nor for any Horses or Cattle going to Water or Pasture, in or upon the Farm or Farms in which any Turnpike-Gate or Toll-Bar may stand, nor for any Horses or Cattle belonging to Persons residenc in the Town of Kelso going to or returning from the Common belonging to the said Town, or any of the Town Fields occupied by them, and on which there shall be no F'arm-(leading at the Time j nor from any Person or Persons going to or returning from Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious "Worffiip tolerated by Law, and situated within the Parish where such Persons reside, upon a Sunday, or other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, nor from Persons attending the Funeral of any Person who shall be buried in any of the Parishes lying in whole, or in part, within the said County4 nor from any Clergyman going to, or returning from visiting any sick Person, or going or returning from other his Ministerial or Parochial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor for any Horse or Carriage going to or from any Smith’s Shop to b«s shod or farried, passing though any Gate within One Statute Mile of such Shop; nor for Carts or Carriages carrying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty after carrying or conveying any Corn, H-ay, Straw, Manure, or Implements of Husbandry to or from the said Common or Town Fields, or to or from any Field through any Turnpike-Gate or Toll Bar, situated on any Farm to which the said Corn, Hay, Straw, Manure, or Implements belong j nor for Corn of any Kind fenc to or returning from Mills or Kilns, manufactured for the sole Use of Persons residing within One Statute Mile from the Turnpike-Gate or Toll-Bar j nor for Seed Corn, or other Seeds or Plants carried from the said Town of Kelso to be Town or planted upon the said Common or Town Fields t nor for any Horses or Carriages of whatever Description employed, or to be employed in carrying the Mails of Letters and Expresses, under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; nor for the Florins or Carriages of Officers or Soldiers, upon their March, or upon Duty j nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such

Officers

4&d GEORGII III. Cap. i f a* 2t§5

Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any Sick, Wounded, or difijbled Officers or Soldiers, or in returning from carrying and conveying the fame-, nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by,*or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to, or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the Days of Exercise; provided always, that such Persons shall be dreffid in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively; nor for Carts, Carriages* or Waggons travelling with and conveying Vagrants or Criminals, sent with legal Pafies, or returning from conveying the fame-, and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the said Exemptions, not being legally entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay any 5um not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, such Penalty to be sued for, levied and recovered in the same Manner as is directed by the said recited Acts for the Recovery of Penalties.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed, or Reinvesting awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, purchased, Purchase taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said A;ls and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life- Twohundred rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Cor- Pound*, poracion, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity; such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, under the Direction, and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made, upon a Petitiah, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, ast he laid Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages (landing settled therewith, to the fame or like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or lucti of them, as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking effect j and, in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the interest, or annual Produce of such Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being, have been entitled to the Ren s and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages so hereby directed to be purchased, in calc such Purchase or Settlement were made.

[Ltc* $2* Per.] 24

IX, Pro-

2i86

If less than Two Hundred Pounds, and exceeding Twenty Pounds.

Under Twenty Pounds.

In case of not making cut

Titles.

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 112.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed, or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or He. ritages, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be leis than the Sum of Ttoo Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons, for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before directed , or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Two or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parlies,) in order that such principal Money, and the Intereli arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner before directed, as far as the Case may be applicable.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid, as last before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Pofirs or the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages lo purchased, taken, or uled for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in caleof Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled re-speflively.

XI. Andbeitfurther enacted, Thatin case the Personor Personstowhom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, or Het itages, to be purchased by virtue of the said Aits and this -\£t, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be io awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank ot Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Dilpofuion of the Court of Session; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums ot Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a lumntary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order Dutribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the rc-

spective

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 112. 2187

spective Efface or Effaces, Title, or Insereft of the Person or Persons making ClaitT. thereunto, anff to make fitch other Order in the Pre-miles as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and thd Cashier and Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Batik of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is, and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or' Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying fur what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Pedons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into, the Bank as. aforesaid. . q . , ,rj .»

XII. And be it further enacted, That where any Qaeftton shall arise Where q»ef.

touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid int.q the said tio 5 anle Banks in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, fen the Porch.afe of any '"e

Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any

Lands, Tenements or Heritages to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons, who shall have been in possession of such Linds,

Tenements or Heritages, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Heritages according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn, to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money, and the Interest thereof,

shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Heritages, or to (ome Estate or Interest therein.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, byreason Evpences In of any Disabilicy or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corpo- case of Duration entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Heritages to be purchased

under the Authority of the said Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Bank, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the' said Acts and this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court, to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time, to be made in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court flrall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purports as the said Court shall direct.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Charges and Expences of passing E

this Act shall be paid out of any Money that now is or that may be in thuAe"! °b. the Bands of the Collector or Collectors of the Duties raised by virtue paid, of the said recited Acts, or out of the first and readied Money collected by virtue of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Public Act, taken to be a public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as

2i88

48° GEORGII III. Cap. it 2.

such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

Endurance of

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and this Act. take place from and after the passing thereof, and shall continue in force, and be executed for and during the ffefidue now to come and unexpired, of the Term granted by the said recited Acts, and from and immediately after the Expiration thereof, for and during the Space of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Etre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1S08.

N)j

oowj,

'ooai

SW

tain

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 113.

An Act for more effectually repairing and improving the Road leading from the Town of Stamford' to the Division Stone in South Witham, in the County of Lincoln. [x8th June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Road leading from a certain Place called Scotgate in the Town of Stamford in the County of Lincoln, to a certain Stone on a Place called Witham Common in the Parish of South Witham in the said County, commonly called the Division Stone, marked on the One Side thereof " South District," and on the other Side thereof " North District," through ihe several Parishes, Townships, and Places of Saint John and All Saints in Stamford aforesaid, Little Cajlerton, Great Cafiertoni Tickencote, Empingham, Extony Crest bant, Strstton, and Thi-Jleton, in the Councv of Rutland, and North Witham and South Witham aforesaid, in the said County of Lincoln, or some of them, is repaired undeF the Authority of a certain Act of Pat Jiament passed in the Twelfth Year ja & of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An zyG-i. ASl for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln; and also of art Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act pajfd in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Stamford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, and for making the same more effectual; and also of another Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of Tils present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of [Lot* Per.] 24 T Two

aigQ

48° GEORG 11 til. Cap. 113.

Two Acts passed in the Twelfth and Twenty-fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road between S amford and Grantham, in the County of Lincoln, (the Terms of which are now near expiring); by which laid ilfts or some of them, several Tolls and Powers have been granted to Trustees for repairing and amending the said South District of Road during the respective Perms of Years therein mentioned, and feveraiSums of Moneyhavein pursuance of the said Adtsor feme of them, been borrowed, and are still due on the Security of the Tolls thereby granted, and the fame cannot be paid off, nor can the said Road be eifedtually improved and kept in Repair, unless additional Tolls, Powers and Provisions be granted for a further Term; may it therefore please Tour Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prclent Parliament afiembltd, and by the Authority of the same, That all the Tolls, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Exemptions, Clauses, Provisions, Matters and Things contained in the said several Acts of Parliament herein-before referred to, and each and every, of them, shall (.0 lar as they or any of them relate to or concern the Paid South D;ft|ia of Road herein-before mentioned* or any Part or Parts thereof; from and a-tfer the Day appointed for the Commencement of this Act, be and the same are hereby repealed , and that from thenceforth the several Tolls, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Exemptions, Clauses, Provisions, Matters, and 1 hings, in this present Act contained, 0-all be put in Execution, and shall continue in Force during the Term herein-ufter mentioned, for the Purpose of amending, widening, keeping in Repair, and improving the said Road leading from Scotgate aforesaitl to the said Division Stone in the Parish of South Witham afore Paid.

Debts con- H. And be it further eriadfced, That all and every Sum and Sums of na&edunder Money which on the Day appointed for the Commencement of this' Act Acts^iu-ed ^e due and owing on the Credit of the Paid former Acts or any of by this Act. them, or on the Secui i'y of the Tolls thereby respectively granted within or upon the said District, together with the Jmereft on such of the fame Sums as carry Irneidt, shall stand and be charged and chargeable on the Tolls by this Act granted, and may be recovered in like Manner as if the fame had been contracted on the Credit of this Act, or secured on the Tolls heaeby granted.

Trustees *p-

III. And be it further enacted, That Thomas Graham Arnold Doctor pointed. of Physic, Richard Alley, Henry Atlay, Martin Amphlet, Charles A Hist, Joseph Adams, Albemarle Bertie, Henry Boulton, Thomas Barker, Samuel Barker, Edward Brown, William Brown, Edward Brown the younger* William Brereton, Abel Waif or d Bellairs, "James Bellairs, George Bellairs, John William BramJUm, Wyriey Birch, Birch, William Burslem, Amos

Butt of Horn, Amos Butt of Whitwell, the Honourable Thomas Cecil-, (commonly called Lord Thomas Cecil) Sir Mountague Cholmley Baronet, Charles Chaplin, Charles Chaplin the younger, Christopher Cookson, Benjamin Cooper, John Carrie, Benjamin Christian, William Chapman, Thomas Chapman, George Richards Denshire, Charles Henshire, the Honourable Dawney, Jeremiah Ellis Doctor in Divinity, Thomas Eq/lon, William Eafion, Samuel Edwards, Ellicott, Sir Samuel Fiudyer

Baronet, George Fiudyer, Evan Foulkcs, Thomas Fofler, Thomas Forjytb, Samuel Richard Fydell, Henry Fryer, Henry Finch, John Forffer, Kir.gjman 8 Foffer

48‘ GEORGII IMi Cap. M3. ,2191

Tofier, Tib out as Grofucnor, Joseph Gill, George De Ligne Gregory* the Aiders man of Grantham for the Time being, the Right Honourable John Lord Henniker, Sir Gilbert Beathcote Baronet, James Hurst, Thomas Hurff,

Hopkinson, Ilamlyn Harris, Samuel Hunt, Qhefelden Hen-for.* William Harper* Robert Henfon* Hmmatt, Heniy Hopkinson,

George William Johnson, Charles Johnson* Hugh Jack fan, Edwa; d Jones*

Samuel Judd* the right Honourable William Low the* (commonly called Lord Lowther) Richard Lucas, Richard Liras the younger, Richard Lluelyn*

Frederick Lely* Brown lowe hi liars Layard* John Rowland Lit chford, Sir William Manners Baronet, John Manners* James Mac Guffog Middleton* John Maydwell, John George De Merveillieux, John Meffing Gerard*

Noel Noel* Charles Noel* I hi hi ant Noel, George Hander Nettnburgh Henry Nevile, Nathaniel North, William Ofhler, Henry O’Brien, Stafford O’Brien,

Donatus O’Brien* the Honourable Edward PenivaL t ;e FI incurable Charles Anderson Pelham* Thomas Parke* William Pochin. Charles Pichin,

Michael Pierreponl, John Pepper, Jacob Reynardson, Robert Rudkin, Charles Roberts, Henry Shield, William Shield, Matthew Snow, William Sievenfon,

Nicholas Clarke Stevenson* Thomas Smith* Singleton, the Mayo , Aldermen, and Capital Burgessis of the Borough of Stamford for the Time being* Thomas Syfon, William Sherrard, Sir John Trollope Baronet, John Trollope* Thomas Try on* EdmundTurnour, Richard Twopenny* Cotton Thompson,

Taitt, D* D. James Torkington, William Torkington* Benjamin Baker Tathwell* Thomas Truman, Sir 1 homes Whichcote Baronet, John Wingfield* John Wingfield the younger, Thomas Wingfield* Sir William Earle Welby Baroner, John Willis M. D. John Wood, d bomas VHoodrcffe, and John Wyche, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for amending, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the Laid Road leading from Scotgate aforesaid, to the said Division Stone in South Witham aforesaid, and for putting this Act into Execution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any of the Powsr to apf Trustees hereby nominated and appointed, or who shall be elected and appointed in the Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die, or by Writing under their respective Hands refuse to ad in the Execution of this Act,

it shall be lawful for the surviving or continuing Trustees from Time to Time, at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, by Writing under their respective Hands to elect and appoint some fit Pei ion to be a Trustee In the Room of every or any Trustee so dying or refuting to act as aforesaid. Ten Days previous Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting of the said Trustees for every such Eiedion being givenby the Clerk or Treasurer herein-after directed to be appointed, by affixing such Notice in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates then erected across the said Road, and by inserting the fame in some Newspaper printed or generally circulated in the said County of Lincoln; and every Person who shall be elected and appointed a Trustee pursuant to the Directions of this Act, shall and may ad with the surviving and continuing Trustees in the Execution of this Act to all Ltents and Purposes as if he had been named and appointed a Trustee in and by this Act.

tr. And be it further enacted, That all Proceedings, Matters and AllActsfliay Things relative to the Execution of this Act, may be done and executed p^TroSee* by any Five or more of the said Trustees hereby nominated and appointed, ua.eisotner-or who shall hereafter be elede4 and appointed as aforesaid, except only wifedhected.

2192

Qualification ot Truitt es,

The Oatlu

Meeting# of th fcTvuiteee.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

in the Cafes hereby particularly directed orauthorized tobe doneor executed by any greater or lei's Number of Trustees.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act unless he shall be.in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, seised of or entitled to Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments for fame Estate for Life, or of Inheritance in Possession, of the clear Yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprises, or shall be Heir Apparent to some Person or Persons so seized of or entitled to Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments for some Estate for Life, or of Inheritance, of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprises, or shall be possessed of a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together of the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds above what will be (efficient to pay all his just Debts; and if any Person not being so qualified shall presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wefitninficr, by Action of Debt or on the Cale, or by Bill, Suitor Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed , and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty upon Proof being given of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided always, that all the Acts and Proceedings of any Person as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, previous to his being convictec of the said Offence, shall be as valid and effectual as if such Pefion had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act: Provided also, that every Trustee, before he shall act as such (except in administering the following Oath) shall take an Oath before One or more of the said Trustees (who is and are hereby empowered to administer the same) in the Form following, that is to say,

I A.B. do (Wear, That I am truly and bona fide in my own Right [or, 4 A in Right of my Wife] seised of cr entitled to Mi (Tinges, Lands, or Hereditaments for some Estate for Life, or of Inheritance in Possession, 4 of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprises; [and in case of an Heir Apparent] I A.B. do swear, that I am Heir Apparent to C.D. 4 who to the best of my Knowledge and Belief is truly and bona fide leiftd of or entitled to Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments for some Estate for Life or of Inheritance, of the clear Yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprises; [and in case of Pa final Estate alone, or Real and

Personal Estate together] I A.B. do swear, that i am truly and bona fide seised of a Personal Estate [or, of a Real and Personal Estate together] of the Amount cr Value of One thousand Pounds above what will be sufficient to pay all my just Debts; and that I will truly and impartially, 4 according to the best of my Judgment, execute and perform the several Powers, Authorities, and Trusts reposed in me as a Trustee, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled [here set forth the Title of this Act.]

'So help me GOD.

VII. And be it further enacted, 'That the said Trustees shall meet at the George and Angel Inn at Stamford aforesaid. or at some other convenient

House

2i93

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

Housein the fame Town, on the Day of the Commencement of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, and shall then proceed to carry this Act into Execution, and that the said Trustees or any Two or more of them shall then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves to meet at the same Place or at such other Place or Places near l'ome Part of the faiil Road, and at such Times, as they shall from Time to Time order and direct (provided that no Adjournment shall be made for a longer Time than Three Calendar Months); and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by virtue of this Act, there shall not appear a sufficiem Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn to another Day, or in caie the Trustees at any Meeting assembled shall not adjourn themselves, the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road shall from Time to Time, as often as such Case shall happen, by Notice in Writing to be affixed upon all Turnpike Gates then erected across the said Road, at lead Ten Days before the next intended Meeting, appoint the Trustees to meet at the Place where the lad Meeting was appointed to have been holden, or at any other Place near any Parcot the said Road, on the Day Four Weeks after the Day on which such last Meeting was appointed: Provided always that all the General Annual Meetings of the said Trustees shall not be held ac any other Place than in the Town of Stamford aforesaid.

VIII. Provided always and be it further enacted, That if after any Meetings on Adjournment of the said Trustees, it shall at any Time bethought necef- ^mergtnats, fary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road upon an Order in Writing signed by any Three or more of the said Trustees (mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting) shall forthwith give Notice thereof, and of the Time, Place, and Purpose mentioned in such Order, in the Manner last herein-before directed (such Time noc beingless than Ten Days after such Notice) and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and the said Trustees at ail their Meetings shall defray their own Expences.

IX. And be it further enacted, That ac the Fiift or Second Meeting of Accounts of the said Trustees for carrying this Act into Execution, or as soon after as Treasurer* conveniently may be, the Accounts of the Treasurer or Treasurers for the former Acts said District of Road herein-before mentioned, shall be produced, examined, to be: PalT£d and settled, and the Balance of each Account shall be carried over to a Second Meet-new Accounc with the Trustees adingin the Execution of this Act, who »ng. *nd shall make such Orders for the Disposal of any Money that may appear to Se^Account. to be in the Hands of such Treasurer or Treasurers, agreeable to the true

Intent and Meaning of this Act, or for reimbursing him or them, out of the Monies hereby authorized to be raised, any Money that may appear to be due him or them, with lawful Inttrcft daring the Forbearance thereof, as t&'ey the said Trustees may think proper.

X. And be it further enacted, Thatrit shall be lawful for the said Tiuf- How OrJers tees or-the Majority of them prefenc at any Meeting which shall be held of the Truf-in pursuance of this Act, from Time to Time to make all necessary InademUe! Orders, Dire.dions, Appointments* Agreements, and Determinations in the yoked. Execution of this Act*, and no such..Order, Direction, Appointment,

Agreement, or Determination shall be made unless the Number of Truf-

4\Lqc. Ss9 24 U tees,

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

tees, by this Act authorized to make the fame, shall be present, and the Majority of the Trustees present shall concur therein; and no such Order, Direction, Appointment, Agreement, or Determination shall be revoked or altered at any subsequenc Meeting, unless Fifteen Trustees at least shall be present, and the Majority of them shall concur therein.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, appointed or to be appointed a Trustee or Trustees for putting this Act into Execution, shall have or accept of any Place of Profit arifiig out of or by reason of the same Act, or the Tolls or Duties hereby impoied, such Person or Persons shall, from the Time of accepting such Place be incapable of acting as a Trustee or Trustees-during his or their Enjoyment of such Place of Profit as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Trustees of this Act for the Time being, as are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the Parts of Kejieven, in the said County of Lincoln, or in the Commission

act as justices. of the Peace for the said County of Rutland, or are or shall be Justices of the Peace for the Borough of Stamford aforesaid, shall and may act within their respective Districts and J^prildictions as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding such Justices being Trustees as aforesaid; and that any Mortgagee or Assignees of any Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of any of the Tolls granted by this Act, or receiving Interest for the fame, shall not on thac account be deemed unqualified to act as a Trustee.

power to erect

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such other Toll Gates. person or Persons as they shall appoint, shall and may continue, erect, or otherwise provide such and so many Toll Gates or Turnpikes in, upon, or across such Parts and in such Places of the said Road hereby directed to be repaired, and also such and so many Toll Gates or Turnpikes on the Sides o{ the said Road, and in, upon, or across any Lane or Bye-way that doth or shall lead into or our of the fame, as the said Trustees shall think proper, and also shall and may continue, ered or otherwise provide a Toll House to each of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes, with suitable Buildings and other Conveniences thereto, and inclose from the Sides of the said Road convenient Gardens for the lame.

Tolls to be

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the several Tolls herein-after t-k«n. particularly mentioned shall be demanded and taken at each and every of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall he continued, ertded, or provided, in pursuance of this Act, upon that Part of the said Road lying between the Town of Stanford aforesaid, and the Toll Bar or Gate hereinafter mentioned at or near the Pivision Stone herein-hefote described, or on the Side or Sides thereof, or in, upon, or across any Lane or Bye-way leading into or out of the fame{except as htrein-afrer is expressly directed or provided to the contrary) before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, shall be permitted to pass through the fame, that is to lay;

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Curricle, Calafti, Hearse, Chaise Marine, or other such Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum ot Two Shillings j drawn by

Trustefs not

Piace'of Profit.

Trustees in the Commission of the

2195

4S* GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

Four or Five Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of OneShilling and Sixpence*, and drawn by Two or Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Chair, Chaise, Gig, Whisky, or other Carriage of the like Kind, drawn only by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other Carriage of the like kind, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Four-whetled Carriage in any Manner fixed to any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage drawing, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Two-wheeled Carriage, having any Person therein, or being laden in any Manner, fixed to any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage drawing, the Sum of One Shilling, and unladen or empty, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Pair of Millstones, or Block of Timber, drawn by Five or more Horles or other Beasts of Draught the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence:

Fur every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep or Lambs the Sum of Five-pence per Score and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

XV. And be it' further enacted, That the several and respective Tolls Power for or Sums of Money by this Act granted shall be demanded and taken by ^Payment fu h Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time of Tolls, authorize and appoint to leceive the fame; and if any Person or Persons,

subject to the Payment of any such Tolls or any Parc or Parcs thereof, shall, after Demand thereof made by any Collectof or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized to receive the same, neglect or refuse to pay the said Tolls or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so authorized to seize and distrain any Horse or Cattle, B aft or Carriage upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, or any or the Loading, Harness, or Accoutrements thereof respectively, or any of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame; and if such Tolls, and thereason-able Coils of such Distress and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days after the Day of making such Distreis, the Person or Persons so distraining shall and may at any Time or Times thereafter fell the Horse, Cattle, Beast, Carriage, Goods, and Chattels lo distrained, and out of the Monies which shall arise by such Sale pay or retain such Tolls, a d all reasonable Charges incurred by such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus c f t. c Money which shall arise by such Sale, and what shall remain unfold (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any DXpute shall happen For settling concerning any Tolls due, or the Charges occasioned by any such Distress ~l!?'Jtrsc°n-as aforesaid, ir shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so distraining to cermns To 3 retain such Distrcls or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, until the

Quantity

2,1 q6 48°. GEORG5II HI. Cap. 113.

Quantity of the Tolls and the Charges of such Distress shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County, Division, or District in which such Distress shall be made, who upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter by Oath of the Parties, or of a Witness 01 Witnesses, and shall determine the Toll due, and-afids the Charges of such Distress, and of the Collector’s Attendance upon the said Justice for that Purpose; all which Sums so determined and assessed shall be paid to the said Collector before he or ffie shall he obliged to return the Goods so distrained, or the said Overplus or any Part thereof respectively.

Collectors d<-

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or ckred compe- Litigation shall arise touching or in any way relating to the said Tolls, twntvv itnefies. person or persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent on account of Lis being appointed to collect such Tolls, to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation,.

Toll* may be

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said varied. Trustees from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to lelfen, vary, or alter all or any of the Tolls herein-before granted or made payable at all or any of the Turnpikes to be continued, erected, cr provided by virtue of this Act, and to raise the fame again, so as they do not at any Time exceed the Tolls by this Act granted or made payable at the fame Turnpikes by virtue of this Act, and so as every such Reduction be made with the Consent of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to Three-fourth Parts of the Money then due on Security of the said Tolls, but no such Alteration shall be made after the Second Meeting of the said Trustees unless Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof shall be affixed in Writing upon all the Turnpikes then eredteffacross the said Road, and also inserted in some Newspaper printed or generally circulated in the County of Lincoln.

Number of 'XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Toil*limited. Persons who shall have paid the loll or Duty for passing through any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, shall be liable to pay any Toll or Duty for repafiing through the fame Turnpikes or Toll Gates or any of them with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages, the same Day to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night, such Person producing a Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll, which Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis upon the Payment of such Toll but that all and every Person or Persons who shall have passed and repassed Once in the same Day through the fame Turnpikes or Toll Gates as aforesaid, shall be iubjcdl and liable to the Payment of the fame Toll or Duty for every Time such Horses, Cattle, Bealls, or Carriages shall afterwards pass, or pals and repals through the fame Turnpike or Toll Gate during the same Day* any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be charged wiih any of the Tolls hereby granted for or in respect of any Horse or other Bcaft, Gait or other Carriage, when employed in carrying or conveying Stones, Gravel, or other Materials

ior

Exemption from Tolls.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. hi.

for repairing the said Road, or any Bridge thereon, or any Highway in any of the Parishes or Townships through which the said Road doth or may lead, or in any of the adjoining Parishes or Townships; or in carrying or conveying any Hay or Com or other Produce of Lands to be laid up, used, or consumed in the House', Out Houfts or Barns of the Owners thereof, and not for Sale, or being unladen when so employed; or for or in respedof any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry; or for or in relped of any Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages employed in carrying or conveying any Lime, Dung, Mould, Compost or Manure of any Kindwhatsoever to be employed in Husbandry for Manure of Lands.; nor shall any of the said Toils be taken of any Person rending in any Parish through which the said Road or any Part thereof doth or shall lead, who dull pass through any Turnpike to or from Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship, or when attending the Funeral of arfy Person who shall be buried in any such Parish; nor of any Clergyman going to or returning from vifuing any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divme Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated , or for or in respect of any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Plough, Water, or Pasture within the several Parishes to which they shall belong, or any of the neighbouring Parishes; provided that such last-mentioned Exemption as to H rfesor Cattle going to or from Water or Pasture, shall only extend to such Horses or Cattle as shall be driven to or from Water or Pasture from oneParish to the next adjoining Parish, or to such Horses or Cattle as shall not pals upon the fame Road more than Two Miles in going to or returning from Water or Pasture; or for or in respect of the Horles or Cattle of any Inhabitant of any of the said Parishes going to be shod or farried, or returning therefrom; or for any Bricks, Limestone, Fiaifter, Timber, Wood, or other Materials used for rebuilding or repairing any Church, Chape), House, Outhouse, Barn, Stable, or Hovel, within the lame-Parish or Township where such Bricks, Limestone, Plai-fter. Timber, Wood, or other Materials were made, gotten, or felled; or shall apy Toll or Duty be demanded or taken for any Horse or Carriage employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, or his Deputies; nor for any Carriage, Horse, or Beast which shall only cross the said Road, or shall not pass above One Hundred Yards thereon; nor for the Horses of any Officers or Soldiers passing upon their March or upon Duty; nor for the Hoifes, Cart', Carriages or Waggons employed in carrying or conveying the Ai ms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or carrying any wounded, sick, or disabled Officers, and Soldiers, or returning empty after having been so employed; nor for any Horse, Maie. or Gelding furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry respectively, and rode by them; nor Carriages conveying Volunteer Infantry in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Person or Persons be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps rdpcctively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; ror for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons tiaveiling wirh Vagrants lent by legal Pafio; nor for any Horses or Carriages car lying or conveying any Elector or Electors go.ng to or returning rrom any Election of a Knight or Knights lor the [Loc. & Per.'] 24 X Shire

+8° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Lincoln or Rutland on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, or if any Person being so entitled shall fraudulently and collu-fively extend the same to or for the Benefit of any Person or Persons not entitled thereto, every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall with any Horie, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed, pass through any Land or Ground within the Difiance of One Mile from any Toll Gate or Turnpike which shall be continued, creCled, or provided by virtue of this Act, the lame not being a public Road *, or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground shall knowingly permit or suffer any other Person or Persons with any Horie, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage to pass through the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be evaded, or if any Pt-rfon or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person (other than a Collector of the said Tolls) or shall forge or counterfeit any ' Ticket by this Act directed to be given by a Collector of the said Tolls, or shall forcibly pass through any such Toll Gate or Turnpike as aforesaid, with any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, or shall at any Time or T mes take oft or cause to be taken off any Horie, Cattle, or Beast from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof shall be evaded or if any Person or Persons shall leave Or cause to be left upon or near to any Part of the said Ro d, any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage, with an Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part or Parrs thereof, or with such Intent shall unload any Horse, Cattle, Beast or Carriage, every Person offending in any of the Cales aforesaid, and being Lwfully convicted iherto1, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Difoetion of the Justice ot Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted, One Moiety whereof shall be for the Use of the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety thereof shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act in Manner herein-after mentioned.

Power to

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

compound for Trustees from Time to Time, as they shall iee convenient, to com-'* pound and agree, for any Term not exceeding One Year at any one Time,

with all or any of the Inhabitants of the several Parishts, Townships, or Districts through which the said Road leads, for the Passage of their Horses, Cattle, or Carriages through all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes created or to be crcCted on the said Road or the Sides thereof.

Power to

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said le.ifc the Trustees, after giving- One Calendar Month’s previous Notice thereof,

Tolls. in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes erected across the said

Road, and to be infeittd in some Newspaper printed or circulated in the said County of Lincoln, from Time to Time to lease and demise the Toils granted by this Act or any Parc or Parts thereof, for any Term not exceeding

5:198

To prevent

the evading of Toll*.

2199

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

ceedirg Three Years, for the bed Rent or Price that can be reasonably gotten for the fame, payable at such Time and in such Manner, and with, under and subject to such Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements as the Lid Trustees shall think fit, they the said Trustees having a Counterpart of such Lease or Leases, and taking such other sufficient Security for Payment of the Rents and Performance of the Covenants to be reierved and comprised in such Lease or Leases as the said Trustees shall think fit.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be rcs

lawful for the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, from Time Gxtt6

to Time, when and as often as they shall think proper, to cause any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which noware or hereafter shall be erected in, upon or across or on the Side of the said Road, to be removed to and erected in, upon, or across, or on the Side of such other Part or Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall from Time to Time order and direct; but none of the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes shall be removed as aforesaid, unless Twenty-one Days previous Notice of the Intention to remove the same shall have been affixed in Writing upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erededacross the said Road, and inserted in some Newspaper printed or circulated in the said County of Lincoln.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Right, Intered and Property Toll Houses of and in all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes and Toll Houses which shall aerk* '" be erected and provided in pursuance of this Act (except the Toll Gate or Treasurer. Turnpike and Toll House to be erected at or near to the said Division

Stone) with the several Conveniences and Appurtenances thereunto belonging reflectively, and the Materials of which the same shall confid, and all Materials, Matters, and Things which shall be purchased or provided for the Purposes of this Act shall be veded in the Clerk or Clerks, and Treasurer or Treasurers, of the said Road for the Time being, and he and they is and are hereby empowered to fell, adign, transfer, apply, and dispose of the same as Occasion shall require, and as the said Trustees from Time to Time shall order, direct, and appoint, and under the like Order, Direction, and Appointment of the said Trustees, to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or to prefer and prosecute any Indictment or Indictments against any Person or Persons who d> all dig up, break, or pulldown, deal, take, or carry away, spoil, destroy, injure, or damage any of the said Toll Gates, Turnpikes, or Toll Houses, or any of the Conveniences and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or any of the Materials, Matters or Tilings aforesaid, or any Fences which shall be made and repaired by the said Trustees, or who shall do any Ad to hinder or obdrud any Person or Persons employed by the Lid Trustees in the Execution of this Act.

XXVI. And whtieas an Act was passed in the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road from Fodon Bridge through Moiety of the the ‘Town of Grantham, to the Division Stone on Witham Common, all in the 1ol sdtathehree* County of Lin coin; wherein it is exprtffed that One Moiety or equal Half To^Barto be Part of the clear Residue or Surplus of the Tolls and Duties to be received ere ed at the at the Foil Gaie or Turnpike to be erected at or near the said Division Stone in South Witham aforesaid, (after deduding certain Cods, Charges and Expences therein mentioned) shall be paid to the Treasurer or Trealii-rers of the Trustees adingunder this Act j be it therefore enacted, That all

the

2200

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

the Monies which shall be received by the Treasurer or TreTurers to be appointed by Virtue of this Act, under or by virtue of such Provisiort shall be appropriated, laid our, and applied in like Manner and for the like Purposes as the Tolls or Duties hereby granted are by this Act dirtded to be applied.

Tomorrow-

XXVII. And be; tt further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said ing Money Trustees at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, to borrow 2nd take up at Interest, upon the Credit of the Tolls to arile by virtue of this Act, in such Manner as they shall think proper, any Sum or Sums of Money they shall think fit to borrow for all or any of the s of this Act, giving Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof in Writing, to be affixed on all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erededacross the said Road, and to be published in some Newspaper printed or circulated ki the said County of Lincoln; and they the said Trustees ate hereby empowered from Time to Time, at any of their Meetings, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to assign ever or mortgage the respective Toils or Du ies hereby granted, or any Part or Proportion, Parts or Proportions thereof, during the Continuance of this Act (the Charg.s of such Alignments and Mortgages to be paid cut of such Tolls) as a Security or Securities to any Person or Persons who shall advance such Sum or Sums of Money, his, her, or their Trustee or Tiuflees, their respective Executors, Admirnftratois, and Aligns, for the Money so to be advanced, with such Inter eft for the farre as shall be agreed upon in thac Behalf; which Mortgage may be in the Form or to the tiffed following; that is to say,

"RX Virtue of an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of His Majesty

6 King George the Third, intituled, [herefet forth the Title of this A£f\ ‘ We, Five of the Trustees for executing the said Act, in consideration e of the Sum of this Day paid to the Treasurer of the said Road, by do assign unto the

‘ said such Proportion of the Tolls to

‘ arile upon the said Road as the said Sum of

« shall bear to the Whole of the Principal Money for the Time being due on Security of the said Tolls, to hold the fame unto the said

his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, until the said Sum of with Interest at the Rate of

per Centum-per Annumt dial 1 be fully paid. Dated this Dayot in the Year of our Lord

Co 'e to be P‘es °* Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be

entered.0 'e kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road, and which said Book or Bocks shall and may, at all fealonable Times, be perused and inspected without Fee or Reward $ and it shall be lawful for all Persons respectively to whom any Mortgages shall be made as alcresaid, or who shall be from Time to Time entitled to the Monty thereby leaned, to assign and transfer his, her, or their Right, Title and Interest* in or to such Mortgage, and the Principal Money and Interest thereby, secured. Transfer to so any other Person or Persons whomsoever; which Tranter shall be be entcied. produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer uithin I hree Calen-

dar Months next after the Day of the Date thereof, who shall enter the fame in the said Book or Books, for which Entry the said Clerk or Trea-furer shall be paid the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence and no more;

9* and

2201

48° GEORGII III. Cap. it 3.

nd such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Admu nistrators, and Assigns to the full Beneficof ftnh Mortgage, Security, and every such AiTignce may in like Manner 2(Tign or transfer the fame, anti so Mies quoties; and after such Entry as aforesaid, it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made such Transfer to release, discharge, or make void the original Mortgage Security, or the Monies due thereon or any Part thereof-, and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer shall be made as aforesaid, shall in Proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money thereby secured, be Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted, in equal Degree one with another, ar^ shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing their Monies, or of the Dates of their respective Securities.

No Priority among Moit-graces.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which, before Application of the Day of the Commencement of this Act, shall have been raised and ths Money. produced upon the Road comprized within the said South District, and which shall be undisposed of on the Day of the Commencement of this Act, and also all the Monies which shall arise and be produced by or from the Tolls by this Act granted or made payable, together with the Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and all other Monies which Hull arise and be produced by virtue tf this Act, and not herein otherwise appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be vested in the said Trustees for the Time being, and applied to and for the several Uses,

Intents, and s, and in the Order and Manner following, that is to say, in the first Place in Payment of all the Colts, Charges, and iixpenCes incident to or attending the obtaining and passing or this Act, and in discharging any Balance which shall be due to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said District of Road, wirh lawful Interest for the fame during the Forbearance thereof; in the second Place, in paying the Interest accruing upon the several Principal Sums of Monty which shall from Time to Time be due and owing on Mortgage or Security of the Tolls granted by this Act; in the third Place, in derraying the Expences of erecting and providing Turnpikes, Toll El >uses, and other Buildings, and repairing the fame, and of altering, widening, turning, repairing, and improving the said Road, and purchasing Lands for those Purposes, and of executing the other Purposes of this Act; and lastly, in reducing, paying off, and discharging such several Principal Sums as aforesaid: Provided always, Tniftes not that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Trustees c any In

of them to repair or amend the Pavements of the Streets of any Town TownStreet*. through which the said Road doth or may pafc.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Appointing Trustees, by Writing under their respective Hands, to appoint One or 0(ficefi,&c. more Collector or Collectors of the said Toils, and One or more Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Officers as the said Trustees shall think necessary, and such Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, (rom Time to Time to remove, and on the Removal, Death, cr Resignation of any of-thrm, to appoint others in their Stead; and the said Trustees are hereby authorized to allow and pay to the several Collectors,

Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officers, and to such Person or Persons as shall be assisting in the Execution of this Act, such Salaries and Allowances for their Trouble, Labour, and Service, as the said Trustees [LK'&PerJ] 24 shall

2202 4-8° GEORGII III. Gap.113.

shall deem reasonable, and all such Officers and Persons shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Trustees, deliver to them or to such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, true, exact, and perfect Accounts in Writing under their respective Hands, upon Oath (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer) of all the Monies which they and every of them respectively shall have received to that Time by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all fu<?h Monies as shall remain in their or any of their Hands to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, and not otherwise; and if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to give such Account, or to produce and deliver up such Vouchers as aforesaid, or to verify the Articles thereof upon Oath, or to pay the Money due upon such Account in Manner aforesaid, or to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of thi6 Ad, then and in every or any of the said Cafes, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, District, or Place where the Officer or Person so making Default shall be or reside, and such Justices upon Complaint thereof made to them by any Two or more of the said Trustees, are hereby authorized and required to make Enquiry concerning such Refusal, Default, or Neg-Jed, as well by the Confession of the Parties themselves respectively, as by the Testitnony of any credible Witness or Witnesse: upon Oath, which Oath the said Justices or any of them are and is hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward; and if any such Officer or Person shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, such Justices shall upon such Conviction commit him to the Common Gaol or Hnufe of Correction of the same County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall have given or made such true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded and agreed with the said Trustees (which Compoficion the Trustees are hereby empowered to make) and shall have paid such Competition in inch Manner as the said Trustees shall appoint, or until he shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or made Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees j provided that no Person shall be so committed as last aforesaid for a longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

Trustees may

XXX. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity *orarnt(Sn' or -^ence any Collector of the Tolls, it shall be (awful for any Three lector?. or more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at a Meeting appointed in purl'uance of this Act, by any Writing under their respective Hands, to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector of the said Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the saidj Trustees, in the Place or Stead of such Collector as shall so die or become incapable orabknt himfdf.

Treasurers,

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and s/cu%y.VC they are hereby r"quired to take such Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, and from

any

2203

48° GEORGII III. Ca-p.ii

any other Officers tobe appointed in pursuance or for the Purposes of this Act, for the faithful Exeution of their respective Offices as the said Tiuf-tees shall think proper.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That after the first Nomination and Appointment of any Officers in pursuance of this Act, no Trustee shall be capable of voting or acting in any future Nomination or Appointment of any such Officer or Officers upon Death or any other Vacancy, unless such Trustee shall have acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, at lead once within the Year preceding the Time that such Vacancy shall happen, the only Evidence whereof shall be his having signed the Order Book of the said Trustees.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Paid Road for the Time being, and such other Person and Persons as shall be employed by such Surveyor, to cur, dig, gather, take and carry away any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for repairing the Paid Road, in, upon, out of, and from any Waste Grounds, Commons, Common Quarries, Rivers, or Brooks in any Parish, Township, or District within or near to which the said Road doth or shall pass, without paying any Thing for the f.me, such Surveyor or other Person or Persons filling up the Pits and levelling the Ground from whence such Materials shall be taken, or sufficiently fencing off such Pits, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle , and in case such Materials cannot be conveniently had in such Waste Grounds, Common Quarries, Rivers, or Brooks as aforesaid, then to cur, dig, gather, take, and carry away any* such Materials as aforesaid in, upon, out of, or from and over any other Lands, Grounds, and Quarries (except as herein-after is mentioned) making such Compen-lation and Satisfaction for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, Grounds, and Quart ies where, through, and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, taken, and carried away, or over which any Materials gotten in any Wade Ground, Common, Common Quarry, River, or Brook shall be conveyed, as any Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, or District in which the Lands arefituate shall judge reasonable and shall order and direct; which Compensation and Satisfaction shall and may be levied or recovered in like Manner as any Penalties, Forfeitures or Fines are herein-after authorized to be levied or recovered.

XXXIV. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That

it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons, under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take or carry away any such Materials as aforesaid in or from any inclosedor private Linds, Grounds, or Quarries, until after Trn Days previous Notice in Writing, signed by the said Surveyor or Come other Officer of the said Trustees, shall have been given to the relpecl.ve Owners or Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at their usual Place of Residence respectively, requiring them to appear before Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Division, or District in which the Lands are situate, at a certain Time and Place to be specified in such Notice, tolbew Cause why such Materials should not be taken away; and such Justices, alter hearing the Parties concerned, shall, ifiHey think proper, authorize ,*« 2 such

Trustees win* have not adfed in the preceding Year, not to vote on the ESedtion ot Officers.

Materials not to be taken from inclosed Grounds, without an Order from Two Juflic^S,

*204 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

such Surveyor or other Officer to dig, gather, take, and carry away such. Materials at such Time or Times and in such Manner as to such Justices shall fecm proper-, or if such respective Owners or Occupiers shall not by

themselves or their respective Agents attend pursuant to such Notice, such J ifttces may make such Order therein as they shall think fir, in the like Manner as if such respective Owners or Occupiers had attended pursuant to such Notice,

fakin^awa

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Matcnals got take or carry away any Materials which shall have been dug or gathered by Surveyors. for the Purpose of making or amending the said Road, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pic or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Road, before the said Surveyor or his Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Thirty Days (except the Owners or Occupiers of any p- ivate Lands or Grounds, and the Person or Persons authorized by such Owners or Occupiers) and who may get Materials therein for their own Use only, and not for the Use of any other Highway or for Sale, every Person so offending and being lawfully convicted thereof shall forfeit and pay a Sum, not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justicei before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

For prcvnit-

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Dung, Affies, Comport, tioDio^the" Manure,or other Thing shall be unloaded or laid dow n upon the said Road, Sides of the or upon any Moor, Common, or Waste Ground, nearer to the Centre of Road. the faicj Road than the Distance of Thirty Feet, upon Pain that every Person so offending and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Sniffings* and if after the Removal of any Inch Dung, Ashes, Comport, Manure, or other Thing as aforesaid, any Person shall offend again in like Manner, every Person so offending again, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

Surveyors

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Annoyances6. Surveyor and such Person or Persons as he shall appoint from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obstructions on any Part or Parts of the said Road, by Timber, Stone, Carriages, Sawpits, or other Pits, Allies, Dung, Filth, Rubbish, or otherwise, and also to turn any Waterpouife.-, Gutters, Conduits, or Drains running into the same to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, and cleanse, deepen and enlarge any Gutter, Ditch, Conduit, or Water-course adjoining or near to any Part of the said Road, and also to cut down, top, or lop at proper Seasons in the Year any Trees, Branches, or Buffies growing in the said Road, or in the Hedges, Fences, Banks cr Grounds adjoining thereto, and to take and carry away the fame, in case the respect-live Owners or Occupiers of the Lands or Gioupds where such Annoyances shall happen to be, shall neglect so to do for Ten Days after Noiice in Writing given for that Purpose under the Hand of such Surveyor, and the Charges thereof respectively (being settled by the said Trustees) shall be reimbursed to such Surveyor by such respective Owners or Occupiers so neglecting as aforesaid; and in case such Charges shall, not be paid-on Demand, the same shall be levied and recovered in like Manner as the Penalties, Forfeitures and Fines by this Act authorized to be imposed

are

2205

48° GEORGII III. Cap. u3.

are herein-after directed to be levied and recovered; and if after the Removal of any such Nuisances, Annoyances, Encroachments, and Obsti uctions as aforesaid, any Person shall offend again in like Mannar, every Person so offending again, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyorsem-said Surveyor and Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they fe, JJovedfud-shall appoint from Time to Time without giving any previous Notice, denObitruc-to remove all such Earth, Trees, Roots of Trees, and other Things as VioticcI shall suddenly fall or be blown down from any Hedge, Bank, or Land,

into or upon any Part of the Lid Road by this Act authorized to be repaired, so as to narrow or obstrud the Passage along the fame, and to carry and place the fame on any Waste Ground near thereto, so a^ the fame be no Annoyance to Travellersand such Surveyor or Surveyors shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands from whence such Earth, Trees, Roots, or other Things, shall so Hide or fall, or be blown down as aforesaid, and the Charges of carrying away the fame (to be settled by the said Trustees) shall be reimbursed and paid to such Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against this Act are hereby directed to be recovered.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on wilfully set, place, or leave any Timber, Stones, or other Thing whatso- iSJcSo^f'or ever in or upon any Part or Parts of the said Road, so as to interrupt or hauling rim-hinder the free Passage along the said Road of any Carriage, or of any the^oad*. Person or Persons, or shall haul or draw or cause to be hauled or drawn

upon any Part of the said Road (excepting only in eroding the fame) any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheeled Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon Wheeled Carriages to drag upon any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof, every Person so offending in any of the Cafes last mentioned, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every such Offence.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ride Penalty on upon any Footway adjoining the said Road by this Act authorized to be or

repaired, or shall lead or drive any Horle, Afs, Cattle, Sheep or Swine, or caufin^Nui!' any Carriage on such Footway, or shall cause any Damage to be clone f3"ce80r thereto, or shall put or turn any Horse, Afs, Sheep, Swine, or other ou the Ro*d. Beast or Cattle of any Kind into or upon the said Road or the Sides thereof, or if any Horse, Ah, Sheep, Swine, Beast, or Cattle shall be found loose or trespassing on the said Road, or if any Person shall (except in case of Accidents) leave any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, Plough or other Instrument of Husbandry, in or upon the Lid Road or the Sides thereof, either with or without any Horse or Beast; of Draught harntffed or yoked thereto, every Person so offending, or the Owner of such Cattle so found trespassing, shall forfeit and pay for the first Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and for the second and any subsequent Offence, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

!20&

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

Surveyors

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Cwfeway*, Surveyor and any other Person or Persons determined by Order of the said Trustees, Drains, &c. to make Causeways, and to cut and make Ditches, Drains, and Water-coursesin, upon, and on the Sides of the said Road, and also through any Grounds lying contiguous thereto, and to erect, rebuild, and keep in repair Bridges and "Arches upon the said Road, and across any such Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse as aforesaid, and to make sufficient Barriers and other Erections on any Part or Parts of the said Road, in order to present the fame from being flooded or overflowed with Water, and to cut down and remove any Trees or Underwoods growing in or upon the said Road or any Part thereof, where such Road is not Thirty Feec wide, and also to make or cause to be made any temporary Road or R acts, through, over, and along the Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parrs of the said Road (except as hereinafter is mentioned) to be made use of as a Road whilst the old Road shall be repairing, and until the same shall be made safe and convenient for Travellers, making such Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Ground lo to oc uled, cut through, or built upon, for the Damages which they or any of them shall sustain thereby, as the said Trusteesfh ail judge reasonable; and in case any Difference shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers and the said Trustees touching such Damages, the same shall be settled by the Justices of the Peace for the Counry, Division, or District in which the Lands are fttuate, at their General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held for such County, Division, or D;etrier, next after such Difference Owners re* shall arise; and if any Owner or Occupier of any Watercourse or Water-fufmgtwfcour courses, Ditch or Dutches adjoining to the said Road, shall refuse cr toeftnfevon n^!?!ect to scour, deepen, and cieanfe the fame Twice in every Year in such may set Men Manner as the said Surveyor or such other Person or Persons as afl/relaid fame^andthC 0r^er an(^ direct, after Ten Days Notice shall be given for that Pur-kvy the pose by such Surveyor, or other Person or Persons/ then and in every such charge. Cafe it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or other Person or Persons, and he and they is and are hereby authorized to employ any Person or Persons to scour, deepen and cieanfe the fame, and by Warrant from the said Trustees to levy the Charge thereof upon the respective Owners or Occupiers of such Watercourse or Watercburfes, Ditch or Dicches, by Diflrcfs and Sale of h.s, her, or their Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any) to him, her, or them, upon Demand.

Power to

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful set the faii

Vamfto Trustees or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorized corporation', and empowered to make and repair, and from Time to Time to widen, &c. ;o fill. divert, shorten, vary, turn, and alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road; and every Variation maybe of any Width, not exceeding Sixty Feet, through any Walk Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, without making Satisfaction for the fame, and also through any private Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, not exceeding Forty Feet, inclusive of the Ditches and Fences on each Side thereof, not bein«-the Scite of or Ground whereon any House or Houses stand, or planted Walk, Yard, Garden, Park, Paddock, or Avenue to any House, first making Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and Persons uv terested therein, for the Damages they may sustain thereby, and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them to treat, eontrad and agree with the Owners and Occupiers of 5 and

220

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 113*

and Persons interested in any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments for the Purchaseor Exchange thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners,

Occupiers, or Persons may sustain by the making, widening, diverting turning or altering the Courjfe or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road through such Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments; and it shall be Lwfulfor all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole,

Tenants for Life, and Fee Tail General or Special, Husbands, Guardians,

Trustees, or Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on behalf of their Csfluique Trusts, whether Femes Covert, Infants, Issue unborn Lunatics, Idiots, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, but also to, and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised of or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be possessed of or interested in any such Lands,

Grounds, or Hereditaments, to contract with the Tiuft es or any Seven or more of them for the Satisfaction to be made for such D images as aforesaid, or to sell and convey uito them, or any Seven or more of them, all or any of such Lands, Grounds, or Herediraments, or any Part thereof for the Purposes aforeLi i; and all Contrails, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made dial] be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law,

Statute, Usage or other Matter to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Coilegiare, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Persons shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XI

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Truf- ^Xruitees tees in making, widening, diverting, shortening, varying, turning, or from deviat-altering the said Road, shall not deviate more than Forty Feet from the pJJE,no*,an Line or Course of the present Road without the Content and Approba- or y etl‘ tion in Writing first had and obtained of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any of such Owners, Pro- The *.°cora-prietors. Occupiers, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, C rp rations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees, or any other Person or Persons interested in jury in Cer-any such Lands or Grounds, upon Notice in Writing to him, her, or them, tam Cafc‘* given or left at the respective Dwelling Houses or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of he Lands or Grounds so ro be taken in and added to any Part of the said Read, or into which any Parc or Parts of such Road is or are to be turned or altered as aforesaid, shall, by the Space of Ten Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neg-lc£t or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reafun of Able nee shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Cale the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall cause it to be enquired into and alter tained, by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County where the Lands are situate (which Oaths any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered and required to administer) what Damages will be sustained by and what Recompence a id Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers,

2 208

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

or other Person or Persons interested for or on account of the taking of such Linds or Grounds into the said Road, or of turning any Parc or Parts of such Road into or through the fame Lands or Grounds , and in order thereto the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before the said Jury and examine upon Oath all and every Person or Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses touching or concerning the Premises (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer) and they shall also order and cause the said Jury to view the Places in Question, if there be Occasion, and use all other lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall think fit; and after the said Jury shall have enqui:ed of, jtfeertained, and settled such Damage, Recompence, and Satisfaction, the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners or Occupiers of or other Persons interested in the said Lands or Grounds according to such Verdict or Inquisition of the said Jury, which 1 heir VerJict L*d Verdict or Inquisition, and Order so had and made shall Oe final, to be final. binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming any Estate in Fee Simple, or Fee Tail for Life or Lives, or Years in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or otherwifr, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, Infants Issue unborn Femes Coverts, Persons beyond the Seas, or under any other Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corp orations Aggregate Sheriff to sum- or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever; and for the summoning ii»on Jury. and returning of such Jury or Juries, the said Trustees, or any Seven or

mere of them, are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Wa-rants to the Sheriff of the Coumy where the Lands are situate j or in case such Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies shall be any wife interested in the Matter in Question, then to some one of the Coroners of the same County not interested therein, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriff or Coroner to cmpannel, summon, and return a Jury of Twenty-four honed and indifferent Men qualified according to Law, to be returned for Trials of Ilfues in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrants shall be appointed and the said Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or the said Coroner, is and are hereby required to empannel, summon, and return such Number accordingly, and out of the Persons so empanrelled, I'ummoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees or any One or more of them shall swear or cause to be (worn Twelve who shall be a Jury lor the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a (ufficienc Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, hij Deputy or Deputies, or the said Coroner, shall return other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that can be fptedily procured to attend that Service (being qualified as iaft aforesaid) to the Number of Twelve, and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to lie l'worn, but shall not challenge the Array , and the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them acting in the Premises, shall have Power from Time to Time to impole any reasonable Fine or Fines on the said Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, or

on

Or

1)1

n'°g

Mi

lot

«>’< tn Qf

id ei,

»<k

Sum i&d i^s oc *hich

sari

Ulfol rwi(r, otxwa I whtr. W«

WJnittg

CfWOf

irjnti t such Hiaer ty not

riff or honest Trials r.eforc

: Bm

Deputy

jijincl, onsfo ibffR r any wire lit of pua«-S of the xr»i® pc/fca

;lfld

triffS

Tfico?

ts, cu

48° GEORGII III. Cap.wi* 2209

on such Coroner making Default in the Premises, or on any of the PfiTons Sherjffto be that shall be summoned and returned on futh Jury, and shall not appear, jed'o^Duty? or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being (o sworn refusing to give or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be (worn and give Evidence; provided that no such Fine shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner, or the Sum of Five Pounds on any other Person for any one Offence.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Julies to%e For paying summoned and (worn pursuant to the Authority of this Act shall give in Expecteauf and deliver a Verdict or Assesstnent for more Money as a Recompmce or Juue’* Satisfaction for the Right, Intcreff, or Property of any Person or Persons in any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, before the furmroning and returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recdmpence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest,' of Property, or for any Lots pr Damage as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Differences shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees, out of any Money which shall then be in his Hands, or out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act v but if any Jury or Juries so summoned a d sworn as aforesaid shall give in and deliver a Verdict or AflVffment for no mote or for lc!s Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, before the summbning or returning of the said Jury O'-Jufes, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property in any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, or Lodes or Damages as aforesaid, then the Costs and Expences of-'um-fftoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences as fcforesaid, shall be borne and paid by the Person or PaTons with whom the Lid Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by fonv Justice of the Peace for the County, District, or Place, wherein the Cauie of Dispute shall at'tfe, hot interested i?» the Matter in Question (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame) shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as lo much Money adv.mitd to and for the Use of such Person c* Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies (had be deemed and taken Xo all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment oj Tender of the whole S,m or Sums so assessed and adjudged, other wise such Costs and Expences, in c.fe the i\me be not paid on Demand after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by the Ways and Means herein provided for the Recovery of Penalties aridTVteit res;

Provided always, rhat in all, Cafes where any Person or Persons shall by reaion of Absence have been prevented from treating, such Costs shall be borne and paid by the Lid Trustees, or any Seven or mote of them, in Manner aforesaid.

2210

How the Par-chafe Money is to be paid.

Trustees may

sell or exchange any Part of the old Rozd,

Road shall be made in lieu

No Bni'dins to be da jraged or G-trden Ground, &c. to be take* fm- the Pur. posta of this Act.

Road* d>f* continued

paired*

48° GEORGII Hi. Cap. ill.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money, Reconr pence, and Satisfaction which dial I be agreed for or affrffed as aforesaid shall be paid out of the Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents, and upon Payment thereof, or in case of Refusal to accept the fame upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Road for the Use of such Parties or Persons or their Agents all Owners and Occupiers of and Persons interested in such Lands or Grounds shall from thenceforth be diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Property of, in, to, or out of the fame; and such Lands or Grounds shall be laid into and made Part of the said Road, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall direct, and shall be by them or by such Person or Persons as they or any Seven or more of them shall appoint, sufficiendy drained, ditched, fenced, and set out for that Purpose, and shall from thenceforth to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever become and for ever afterwards be a common Highway, and shall be deemed Parc of the Road, to be repaired by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired accordingly; and after such new Road shall be compleated, the Lands constitucing the former Road, or any Parc thereof, unless leading over some Moor or Waste Ground, or to or through some Town, Village or Hamlet to or through which such new Road doth not lead or part, shall be verted in the said Trustees for the Time being, and such Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall sell and convey the fame for the best Price that can be gotten, and the Money arising from such Sale shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, and the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them are hereby empowered to give in Exchange any Part or Parts of the Lands constituiing the foimer Roads for any Part or Parts of such new Road, and the Sale or Sales, Conveyance or Conveyances, Exchange or Exchanges, to be made of such Lands or Grounds, being executed by the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, shall be good and tffrdual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall empower the said Trustees or any of them, or any other Person or Persons to pull down or damage any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take, use, or possess any Ground having been used as a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Walk, or Avenue ro a House, or Plantation or Nursery of Trees, for the Space of TwelveCalendarMonths then Iaft part, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners of every such Dwelling House or other Building, Garden, Orchard, Yard, Walk, Avenue or Plantation or Nursery of Trees respectively, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, under their respective Hands for that Purpose first had and obtained.

XLVIII. Provided a lib, and be it further enacted, That in case the ancient or former Road over any Moor or Waste Grounds, shall by virtue of this Act be tamed or diverted, the Inhabitants of the Parish, Township or Hamlet wherein the ancient or former Road which shall thereby be left ordiscontinued shall be situate, shall not be obliged to repair such ancient or former Road, unless the lame lead = to some Tow-n, Village, or Hamlet, with which the new Road doth not communicate.

5

XHX. Provided

2211

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 113,

XLIX. Provided always and be it further enacted, That the said Triif- p;'er'e^"f oIj teei, before they shall sell and dispose of any Piece or Pieces of old Roads, r0,h o be shall firlf offer the same to the Person or Persons whole Lands shall adjoin one J for thereto, and in cafeluch Person or Persons re'ptffively shall not then and

Pr> p ietors

thereupon agree, or shall refule to purchase the fame respectively, ?f tIlc *gom*

any affidavit to be made and sworn before a Mader Extraordinary in the ing ,na8‘

High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the

Peace by some Person or Persons not interested, dating that such Offer

was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer

was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall be sufficient Evidence and

Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to, or was refused by the

Person or Pet Tons to whom such Offer was made (as the Case may be) and

in case such Person or Persons shall be dedrous of purchasing the lame,

and he, she, or they and the said Trustees shall differ and not agree with

respectco the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner herein-before directed with respect to

disputed Value of Lands tobe purchased by the said Trustees in purfuarice

of this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference

shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein directed with respect to

Purchases made by the said Trustees mutatis mutandis \ and the Money to

arise by ihe Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees as aforesaid shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerableor accountable for any Misapplication

or Non-application of such Money: Provided also, that no Person shall act ^"*icnr0t

as a Trustee in any Case relating to the contrafting for or purchasing of interested.r*

any Lands, Grounds or Hereditaments, wherein he shall be personally

intereded.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application of assessed to be paid, for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- otu_J|[!neration chafed, taken, or used by virtue of this Act, which shall belong to any amounting to Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, *°°1, Feoffees in Trud, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, Fonts Coverts, or other incapacicatsd Person or Persons, such Money shall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with ail convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent thac such Money shall be paid under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, (to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a luminary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,) in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, danding settled to the fame or the like Uses, Inrents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the* fame shall be laid out and inveded, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in ch« Purchase of other Mdfuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts,

Intent!,'jand Ptirpofrs, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments,

which

2212

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exiting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant-General in his Name, in the Purchase of the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated Bank Annuities or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

If under 400I.

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money,

and exceeding 3gree(] or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Body Politick, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum ot Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty P unds, thin and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Oprion of the Person or Pc-rons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guar ia- s. Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privicy of the said Accountant Gemr.il of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in Order that such principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Directions or Approbation of the Court ot Chancery.

If under zof. LIT. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money, so agreed or assessed to be paid as herein-before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, chen and in all such Gales the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposesof this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit-, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

in case of not

LIII. And be it further enacted, That i.i case i he Person or Persons, to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded or affiifrd for

_ny

2213

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

any Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accepc the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Ficle to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be lo awarded or assessed as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, to order the Sum or Sums of Money lo awarded or assessed as aforesaid, to be paid into the frank of England, in rheName and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Par-lies interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Morion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Fund;, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Ertate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specitying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforesaid.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Ques- where any tion shall arilc touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- ths nt!e"oS countant-General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, Money to be for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of fons\vhomay any Ertate, Righr, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Heredita- be in Posstflion ments, to be purchased, in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with 3ny such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments* at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the PoflelTion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Court of Chancery j and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annu.ties, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly^ unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such PoflelTion was a wrongful PoflelTion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Ertate or Interest therein.

LV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, Thar where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation, °rdcrExper. entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased K.urc^'

I Lee. V Per.] 25 B under

2214

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time, to be made in pursuance of this A <ft, or so much of such fcxpences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time n Time pay such Sums of Money, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

New Roads to

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where the said Truf-?he Trustees!* tees widen, turn, or alter any Port or Parts of the said Road, or make any new Road over and through any indofed Lands or Grounds, the said Trustees shall make or cause to be made Quiekfct or other proper Fences where necessary, as the Case shall require-, so as effectually to guard and fence off the Lands adjoining to the said Road, and also proper Gates, Bridges, and Arches, where necessary, out of the said Road into the Lands adjoining and shall keep the Quickset or other Fences so to be made, in proper Order and Repair for the Term of Six Years from the Time such Quickset Fences shall have been made and planted.

Persons liable

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any chargeable to particular Part or Parts of the said Road, of any Bridges, Arches, Drains, the Repair of Sewers, or Watercourses lying in and upon the fame Road, have been Bridp^to accustomed or ought to be repaired and maintained by any particular continue lo. Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, by reifon of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or by the said Counties of Lincoln or Rutland, or any Division, Distritff, Ward, Parish, or Township therein or otherwise howsoever, all and every such Part or Parts of the said Road, and all such Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, and Watercourses, shall from Time to Time be maintained and kept in Repair by such Person or Person?, Bodies Politic and Corporate, County, Division, Distritft, Wards, Parishes, or Townships respectively, in such Manner as the fame ought to have been respectively maintained and kept in Repair in case Statute Work this Act had not been made: Provided always, that all Persons by Law iiuecb contl’ chargeable towards repairing any Part or Parts of the said Road, or any Bridges thereon, shall still remain so chargeable, and shall do their respective Statute and other Work in or upon the other Highways of the Parishes, 'lownships, or Distri&s in which the said Road doth or shall lie, in like Manner as before the passing of this Act (subject nevertheless to the Regulations herein-after expressed concerning the same); and where any old Road shall be discontinued by virtue of this Act, such Statute or other Work shall be performed upon the new Road made in lieu thereof.

How the Sta- LVI 11. And, for ascertaining and determining what Part of the Starure

Jo* be^poJ! Work ought to be performed on the said Road by the Inhabitants of the tioned} several Parishes, Townships, and Distri&s through which the said Road dorh or may pass, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, or District in which the Parish or Township is situate, and they are hereby required, at any Petty or Special Sessions of the Peace, upon Application to them

made

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

made by the said Trustees to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall yearly and every Year be done in and upon the Iload hereby directed to be repaired, by the Inhabitants of each or any of the Parishes, Townships, or Districts in or through which the said Road doth or may pass.

LIX. And be it further en ded, That the respective Surveyors of the and Highways in all the Parishes, Townships, and Districts through which the *ornr said Road doth or may pass, shall yearly and every Year during the Continuance of this Act, within Ten Days alter Demand made to them respectively in Writing by the TreTurer, Clerk, or Surveyor of the said Road in pursuance of an Order under the Hands of Two or more acting Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, or District in which the Parish or Township is situate, give and deliver to the Person making such Demand a true and exact Lift or Account in Writing under their respective Hands, of the Christian and Surname of every Person in their said respective Parishes, Townships, and Districts, who are by Law chargeable towards repairing the said Road in such Parishes, Townships, and Districts, and shall set forth in such Lift what each Person is respectively chargeable with for and towards the fame, and also the full Rent or Annual Value of Lands, Woods, Tythes, and Hereditaments, in each of such Person’s Occupation; and such respective Parish or Township Surveyors, within Four Days after Notice to them given by the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, of the Timeor Times when and where and howm any of the Persons so chargeable as aforesaid he would have to perform their respective Statute or Days Work, shall summon or give Notice thereof in the Mode prescribed by Law to the Person so chargeable as aforesaid; and if any such Parish or Township Surveyor or Surveyors, shall neglect or refuse to do as he or they is and are hereby required and directed to do, or shall wilfully return incorrect or impeded Lifts, he and they shall respectively forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds for every such Refusal or Neglect; and if any Person or Persons keeping a Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Cart or Carts, Wain or Wains, and chargeable towards repairing the said Road, shall after such Summons or Notice as aforesaid neglect or refuse to fend their respective Teams, Draughts, Carts, or Wains, furnished with Labourers and Oxen or Horses according to the Custom of the Country, and proper Tools to do and perform such their respective Days Work upon the said Road so to be adjudged and apportioned as aforesaid, he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Day that each Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain shall be wanting, or shall not be duly employed in that Service; and if any Labourers or other Persons so chargeable towards lepairing the said Road shall at any Time neglect or refuse (after such Summons or Notice as aforesaid) to do and perform such their respective Days Work upon the fame Road, they shall respectively forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence for ever y Day’s Neglect; and if any Person or Persons who shall according to such Summons or No'ice as aforesaid, come to work as Labourers, or shall be sent with any Team, Draught, Cart, or Wain to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors respectively, where the Work is to be done, then and in every such Case such Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors may and is and are hereby authorized and required to discharge and dismiss every such Person or Persons who shall be so found *9 idle

.2 2I-6

The Trustees may compel Surveyors of Highways to

Composition

Money.

Statute and other Woik

pounded for*

powers to recover the Composition Money for Tolls, Statute and other Work.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

idle or negligent, or not doing their Work, and it shall be deemed and taken as it such Persons had not come, or as it such Team, Wain Draught, or Cart had not been sent to work on the said Road, and the Tame Sum shall be accordingly forfeited and paid; and if any Sraiute Work thall not be performed within the Year in which the fame is due, the fame shall be performed in the Course of the succeeding Year.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ir shall be lawful for any Two or more acting Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Lincoln or Rutland, or any Division or District therein respectively, by Writing under their Hands, to summon all, every, or any of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of all, every, or any of the Parishes or Places (the Inhabitants whereof shall be liable to perform Statute Work on the Road by this Act authorized to be repaired) to appear before the said Justices, and there to deliver in to them a fu'l, true, ansi just Account in Writing of all Sums of Money by them ttspectively received for, in lieu of, or by way of Composition for Statute Work in their several or respective Parishes or Places (which Account shall be verified upon Oath); and in case the Person or Persons so summoned shall neglect to appear at the Time and Place therein appointed, or shall refule or neglect to deliver in such Account as aforesaid, or if required io verify the fame upon Oath, or to pay to the Treasurer of the said Road, or as the said Justices shall direct, within Five Days from the Time of producing the said Accounts, or whereon the fame ought to have been produced, such proportionable Part of all such Composition Money as such Surveyor or Surveyors or any of them shall have received, or without their wilful Neglect or Default might have been received, that then and in ail or any of the said Cafes the Person or Persons so offending thall for every separate Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Perfms, Body Politic or Corporate, liable to or chargeable with or towards the Repair of any Pan or Parts of the said Road, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, or Watercourses lying in and upon the fame, or the Performance of Statute Work thereon, for the Payment of a Sum or Sums of Money in lieu of such Repairs and Statute Work respectively, and also for therelpedive Surveyors of the Highways of atiy of the said Parishes, Townships, and.Districts through which the said Road shall pass, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the said Trustees for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, and Districts upon any Parc or Parts of the said Road.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Composition Money agreed to be paid for passing through any Turnpikes or Toll Gates, or in lieu of any such Repairs or Statute Work as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts of such Composition Money respectively, shall not be paid within Fifteen Days after the same shall become payable, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Lincoln or Rut*

land>

2217

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

land, or any Division or District therein respectively, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, ro empower the Person or Persons authorized to receive such Composition Money (Oath having been first made before such Justices that the lame hath been demanded and remains due, which Oath they are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer) to levy such Composition Money by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways or other Person or Persons so having compounded or agreed to pay such Composition Money as aforesaid, returning the Overplus (if any) after deducting such Composition Money, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale, upon Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the How Survey-Highways who shall pay any such Composition Money, or of whom the j^ways are fame shall be recovered as aforesaid, shall be repaid or reimbursed the tohereim-Compofuion Money paid by or recovered of them respectively, with the co^Jidon Costs and Charges attending such Recovery, by the several Ways and Money. Means and in such Manner as by the Laws in being Surveyors of the Highways are to be.repaid or reimbuifed the Monies by them expended in buj-ing Materials for repairing the said Highways.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or such Per- Trustees may fan or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, are hereby empow- for

ered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, raising, widening, and repairing the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, reflectively, or any Arches or Bridges upon the fame, and for doing any other Work by this Act authorized to be done, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper, and all Contracts in Writing for any of the Purposes aforesaid which shall be entered into pursuant to an Order made at any Meeting by the Paid Trustees, shall be binding to all Parties who shall sign the fame, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators, and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause Mfleftoireaand Milestones or Posts to be set up and from Time to Time renewed on the potato be Sides thereof respectively, with Inscriptions thereon denoting the Num- erected. ber of Miles and Distances of Places, and also Direction Posts where any other Roads lead out of or into the fame Road; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, pull down, destroy, or damage any of the Stones or Pods'which shall be so fixed or set up, or erase, obliterate, or deface any of the Inscriptions or Letters which shall be engraven or made thereon, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending and being lawfully convicted thereof shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and How Penal. Finc.<, by this Act imposed or authorized to be imposed, (the Manner of *«. Foifci-levying and recovering of which is not herein otherwileparticularly di reded) pSareto shall upon Proof of the Offences and Conviction of the Offenders respect be recovered \_Loc. esf ?er.~\ 25 C lively and aPPIicd-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 113.

lively before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County, Division, or District wherein such Offences shall be committed, either by the Corfcffion of the Party or Parties offending, or determined by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be levir d by Dillr-. fs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by v:nue of a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, and to administer such Oath), and the Overplus, after such Penalties. Forfeitures, and Fines and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall L*e re urnedon Demand to the Owner or O whers of such Goods and Chattels, and all such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, (if not otherwise directed by this Act) shall be pail to the Did Trustees or their Treasurcs and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case f fficient Distreft shall not be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice and Justices is and are hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Offender or Offenders ro be committed to the Common Gaol or House of-Correction for such County, Division, or District, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding She Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and hines, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXVII. Ard whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by Persons unknown to the Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers ‘ " or persons employed in the Execution thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors or other Officers, or other Persons respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or o;her Authority than this Act, to seise and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, anci ro convey him, her, or them, before any Ji.ftice of the Peace for the County, Division, or District where the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and f ch Just:ce is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, by the Justice before v/hpm he, she, or they shall be taken, it fiiaii be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively, to commit him, her, or them to the Gaol or House or Cotrection for the County, Division, or District where the Offence fin 11 have been committed, there to remain for any Time not exceeding F uitcen D?y>, unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay the ref-prftive Penalty by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offerees, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction ond Commitment.

LXVIII. And, for the more easy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it therefore enacted, That the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or in Words to the Effect following, mutatis mutandis^ as the Case shall happen to be.

BE

a8° GEORGII III. Cap. u*.

2219

f 4 Ty E it remembered, That on [Time of Convichon] at [ Place cf Form of to wit, ‘ Conviiiion] A. B..[N,ime of Offender] ef [Addition of Offender] Conviction.

was duly convicted l*fore me, [c*, us j [Name and Style of convifling Jtf-' tree or ffujitecs] for ch.t the said A. /'. [Name of Offender] on [Time cf 6 committing Offence] did [here fate the Offence agafft the Att according to the Fail] contrary to ti e Form of the Sr :tute m.:de in the Forty-eighth Year of the Feign of His M/.je-fty King George the Third, iritiiuled, [he»e 4 fit f rib the Tide cf this Act]\ and I [or, we] co therefore declare and ‘ tidjudg*', that the said A.B. £Name of Offender] hath forfeited for his

’said Offence the Sum < f [Fine] or shall be committed to [Place of Irnpri-

fonment] for the Space of [Tune cf bnprijmroientA] Given order my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] tii$ Day and It ear first above wriiten.*

LXIX. And be it further en*&ed, That f any Person or Persons Khali Appeal to ihe think hunfelf, hers If, or themselves aggrieved by any M t er or Thing Quarter done in pursuance of chi> Act, for which no particular Relief hath been 6eif*y,s-herein-bi-fere provided slave and txceptthe Verdict of the Jury, and any Determination, Proceeding, Matter, or Thing herein-befnre directed to be fira'1) such Person or Persons may within Six Calendar Months afrer the Cauie of Complaint fna’l arise, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their General or Quarter Sessions to be holden for the County, Division, or District wherein the Cause of Appeal shall arise, such Appellant or Appellants, first giving or causing to be given Ten Days N nice in Writing of his, her or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the causes or Matters thereof, to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Road, and within Four Days next after such Notice enrering into a Recognizance before fame Justices of the Peace for the said County,

Division or District, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Older of the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions, and to piy such Costs as shall be awarded against him, her, or them, by such Justices; and such Justices at their said S.fiions, on due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall proceed to hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as they ill all think proper, and their Determination shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

JLXX. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings r,0], to be of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act shall be entered keP" in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the lame Number of Trustees as are empowered to make or direct the fame, and shall then be deemed original Orders and Proceed, ings; which Bonk or Books, as also the Book hereby directed to be kept for registering Mortgages and Transfers, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts and before all Justices, and other Persons having Jurisdiction in the Premises.

LXXI. And be it further er.ntted. That the said Trustees may sue and Trustees be lued for or concerning any Thing which shall be done contrary to or by |niv ("e and virtue of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, and that no A&’on or Suittobe brought cl!fk«r

. ®-' Tre3lurer.

22'2:0 48° GEORGII III. Cap. Tig.

or commenced determined by the Diredion of or against the said Trustees in the Name of the Clerkor Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers', by virtue of this Act, shall abate or be ciifcontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Clerk , Treasurer or Treasurers, or by the Act of such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, without the Con lent of the said Trustees, but that the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to the said Trustees, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Dcfcndanr, Plaintiffs or Defendants, as the Case may be, in every such Action; and every such Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, in whose Name or Names any Action or Suit shall be commenced, frofecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such ColE, Charges, Damages, and Expences as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceedings he or they shall pay, bear, expend or be put unto, or become chargeable with by reason of his or their being made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants as aforesaid.

Limitation of

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be

Actions. commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act until Twenty Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Road, n.or after a sufficienc Satisfaction or Tender thereof, hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after the Exp ration of Six Calendar Months from the Time of the Fad or Offence being committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the County in which she Cause of Action shall happen, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action shall or may, at his, her, or their Election, piead specially or the General Issue, and give this Act and the spetial Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereon, and that the fame was dune in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Twenty DaysNotice thereof was given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Expiration of the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid or shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or :f such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as 2ny Defendant hath in other Cafes by Law.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take Place upon the Second Monday next afttr the passing thereof, and shall continue in Force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next SeffEn of Parliament.

Pubi c Act;

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others without being Ipeciully pleaded.

Commencement ?.nd

of the A:t.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

V*

M

jk t,

Sfl1

iaiifi

"'.y

Jifor Hldtf 11

on ot fcoai ar.tr>,

all bf nance Clerk idem 'arcics i the kftion Action ints in pie;d er in ic in fell fiuli fore* :'ii: as shall fud) their !, or ft

tiff

ecf,

its,

ted

ss

I.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 114.

An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, for repairing the Road from Merlin s Bridge to Pembroke Ferry, in the County of Pembroke.

[18th "June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road 28 G. 3. leading fro?n Merlins Bridge to Pembroke Ferry, in the County of c* ,02-Pcmbroke: And whereas the Trustees appointed to put the said Act into Execution, have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due; and great Progress hath b;en made in the Repairs of the Road comprised in the said Act; but the fame cannot be effectually amended or kept in good Repair, nor can the Money so due be repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers amended: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all the Clauses, Aa furt},#r Powers, Provisoes, Authorities, Privileges, Matters, and Things there- continued, in respectively contained, (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and as are hereby varied, or repealed,) shall be in full Force and Effed, and together with this present Act shall be put in Execution, for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act j which said Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be lubj,ed and liable to the Payment, as well of ail ILoc. & Per.] 25 E Sums

2226

For discharging the Trustees of the Care of Part of the Road.

For Repeal of

Qualification of Trustees.

Qualification of Trustees.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the said Act, as of such other Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may hereafter be borrowed for the Purposes of the said Act or this grefent Act, and ail Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively. '

II. And whereas it might be advantageous to the Public, tltA-J'o much of the said Road as shall extend from Merlin’s Bridge, to' the intended New Branch of Road, from near the said Bridge to Carliet Bridge, being a Diitance of One hundred Yards or thereabouts, fftould no longer be repaired by the Trustees, for putting in Execution the said recited Act, and this Act, in case a new Branch of Road, from near Merlin's Bridge to Cartlet Bridge, in the County of Pembroke should be made; Be it therefore enacted, That when and so soon as the said new Branch of Road shall be made, the Trustees for executing the said recited Act, and this Act, shall be and they are hereby discharged from the Care and Management of the said Piece of Road, herein-before mentioned and described.

III. And whereas it is by the said recited Ail enacted, That no Person should be capable of ailing as a Trustee in the Execution of the said Act, unless he should in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife be in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person having such Estate, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or possessed of a Personal Estate, to the Amount or Value of One thousand Pounds: And whereas the said Provision has been found inconvenient, Be it therefore enacted, That the said Provision shall be repealed.

IV. And be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of ailing as a Trufree in the execution of the said recited Act, or this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife in the actual Possenion or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be possessed of or entitled 10 a PersonalEstate alone, or Real and Personal together, of the Value of Two thousand Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person possessed of an Estate in Land of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds, nor shall any such Person be capable of ailing in the execution of the said recited Act, or this Act, save and except in administering the Oath following to the other Trustees, until he (not being such Pleir Apparent as aforesaid) shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following before any Two or more of the Lid Trustees, who are hereby authorised and required to administer the same (that is to say);

‘ y do swear. That I truly and bond fide am in my

‘ A own Right [or, in Right of my Wife, as the Case may be] in the ‘ actual Possession, or Enjoyment of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or possess- ed of or entitled to a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal to-‘ gether, of the Amount or Value of Two thousand Pounds.

'So help me GOD.’

And

2227

48° GEORGII III. Cap. t j4*

And if any Person not being so qualified shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of the said recited Act, or this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall file for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Eftoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and every such Perlbfi so sued or prosecuted, shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Parc of the Plaintiff or Prosecutof, than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Pro- All Acts of ceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees or Trustees not in the Execution of the said reited Ad and this Act, though not duly joae before qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the convictiom laid Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as good, valid, valid, and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Dirtdions of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Eighteenth Day Tolls, of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Tolls granted by the said recited Act shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid or payable, and that instead thereof from thenceforth, at each and every Turnpike and Toll-bar, erected or to be erected upon or across, or on the Side of any Part of the said Road, the following Tolls shall and may be demanded and taken, that is to say:

For every Horse or other Bead of Draught, drawing any Coach, Chariot,

Landau, Berlin, Curricle, Chaise, Calalh, or other such like Carriage, or Hearse, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or other Bead, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle per Score, (and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity) the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, per Score (and so in Proportion for any greater or lei's Quantity) the Sum of Ten-pence.

"Which said respective Tolls shall be, and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and the fame and every Part thereof shall and may be demanded, levied, recovered, applied, and disposed of in the same Manner, and to and for the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes as in and by the said Act is mentioned and declared with respect to the Tolls thereby granted.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no more than the Sum of Toll on Coal Two-pence Farthing, shall be demanded or taken for every Horse, or other at Pembroke Bead drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage laden only Ferry Gate* with Coal, or Culm, or Lime for Manure, which shall pass through the Pembroke Ferry Gate.

2 2 28

Vacating

Leases.

G enerai Exemptions.

4b0 GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Eighteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, all Demises, Leases, and Agreements for Leases of the Tolls heretofore granted, shall cease and be void, and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby required to make a fair and jult Compensation and Satisfaction, to the present Lessee or Lessees of the said Tolls, for the Loss or Damage, which he, she, or they shall fulfain thereby; and such Compensation and Satisfaction shall and may be recovered by such Lessee or Lessees, from the said Trustees, in case of Refusal to make the fame on Demand, made to their Clerk, or Treasurer, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Weji-minjltr.

VIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Exemptions granted by the said Act should be repealed; be it therefore enacted, That the said Exemptions shall, from and after the Eighteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, be, and the same are hereby repealed; and that, from thenceforth, no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying, on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Parishes in which any Part of such Road doth lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners or Occupiers thereof; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compost, or Manure, (except Lime) employed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands in any of the said Parishes; or for any Horses or Cattle going to, or returning from Pallure or Watering Places; or going to be, or returning from being (hoed or farried; or from any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship, tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any frek Person; or upon other his parochial or minilterial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place of Exercise, provided

2229

4 8* GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

vided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants fecit by legal P.iftes; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beall, drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Charbc,

Calash, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire, to serve in Parliament for the County of Pembroke > or Towns of Pembroke or H^vcrfordwefi^ on the Days of such Edition, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded: Provided also that if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum roc exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Act and this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be Trustees may sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of f°e and be the said Act and this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for Nameoftheir the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced Cleric or

by the Direction of or against the said Trustees, in the Name of their Treasurer. Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontintied by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, nor by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Confcnc of the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk or Treasurer, for the Time being, to the said Trustees, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action.

X. Provided always, That every such Clerk or Treasurer, in whole Clerk or Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, Treasurer to in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the be Paid h» Eirft Money to arise by vircue of the said Act and this Act, after such ExPences* Action or Suit shall be commenced or discontinued, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event, or in consequence of

any such Action or Proceeding, he shall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as afore laid.

XL. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act Statute work, as relates to the Performance of Statute Labour on the said Road, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and that all Persons who by Law arc or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Pembroke, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what part or Proportion of Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in [Lee. & Per*] 25 F which

2230

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

which the said Road doth lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every fuc'h Pan ih or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Stature Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the far'd Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at fotfte Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons, who within such Parish or Place are by Law subjetft and liable ro do Stature Work for that Year; or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise; and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and EEFed for the Repair of the Public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order, such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be fubiecl and liable ro Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days’ Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days, and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money, in lieu of or as a Compofnion for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices. shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neolefi: or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Ttuftecs, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beads, to be provided °by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subjetl or liable to, by any Law or Statute in Force or Fffetft, for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, ,or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the iaid Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and discharge the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any

Part

2231

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees and applied towards amending the said Highways; and if any Surveyor of the Highways, for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or flaall knowingly and wilfully give in false or imper-fest Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application of awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur- ^on^'eree* chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said Act and ceeding zooL this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Dif-

ability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex-parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, cr Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting' the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Ufts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to’ for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes" and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of takin»

Effcdl i arid in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made! the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name in the purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Prodace of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall, from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would" for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so APPk'catio4 agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- q""' lh? menu purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging tioiTdo", not to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Inca"" txc«li aool.

pacity

22,32

Application where the Money is less than 20!.

In case of r.ot making out Titles,

or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank,

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, on Motion or Petition,

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

pacity as aforesaid, shall be less tlun the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all Inch Cafes, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons, for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified, in Writing, under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name, and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends aiifing thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, Hull be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said AO. and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money lb awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into tile Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing the m), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Court of Chancery; which laid Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Potions making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a Lmmary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or

11 Lilates*

2233

48° GEORGII III. Cap. *14.

Estates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such ocher Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are here by required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money; mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Ufc the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Englandin the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant. General of the Coure of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said Atft and this Act, or co any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the PoflTcifion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery $ and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities, to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful PolLffion, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where, by reason of any Disabiliry or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said Atft and this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of otiier Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said Act and this Acct, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery, to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the laiu Act and this Atft, or so much of such Expences as the said Coure shall deem reasonable to be paid by the said Truficcs, or any Live or more of them, ouf of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Act and this Act, who shall trom Lime to Time pay such Sums of Money lor such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVIII. And whereas it would tend to the belter Accommodation of Persons travelling the said Road, if Power was given to the said Trustees to rent the said Ferry called Pembroke Ferry , lie it therefore enabled. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any i\umber of them not less than Two thirds, with the Consent in Writing of

[Loc. & Per.} 25 G Live-

Where any Question shall arise touching the Title to Money to he paid, the Person who shall be in Polio ssion of the Land;, &c. at the Time of such Parti lafe, shall be deemed entitled thereto.

The Court of Chancery may order reasonable Expences 01 Purchases to be paid by the Trullees.

Authorizing the Trustees to purchase Pembroke Ferry.

2234 4 GEORGII III. Cap. 114.

Five-sixths in Value of the Creditors on the said Road, to treat, contract, and agree with any Person or Persons interestecl in the said Ferry, for a Lease of his, her, or their Right, Interest, and Property in the fame, for any Period not exceeding the Continuance of this Act, and to pay for the fame such Annual Rent as the said Trustees,* or any Number of them not less than Two thirds, and such Person or Persons shall agree upon, out of the Tolls or Duties granted by the said recited Act and this Act; audit shall and may be lawful to and for any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees. Executors, Ad mini ft raters, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, of or for Lunatics or Idiots, or other Trustees whomsoever, not only for or on the Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but all'o for and on the Behalf of their respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Idiots, Lunatics, or Femes Covert, and also to and for all Femes Covert, who are or shall be seised in their own Right, and to and for all Persons whether Tenants for Life or Tenants in Tail, General or Special, who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in the said Ferry, to treat, contract, and agree with the said Trustees for the Lease of such Right, Interest, and Property, in the said Ferry, and such Lease so made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations, Aggregate or Sole, and all Feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, Trustees, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue, or in pursuance of this Act; and from and after the Execution of the said Lease, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons whom they or any Five or more of them shall appoint for that Purpose, to enter upon and occupy the said Ferry, and to demand and take such and the same Sum or Sums of Money as are now payable for the Conveyance of any Person or Persons, Horse or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon or any other Carriage over the said Ferry, which shall be applied to the Ui'es and Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act.

For paying

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences

tfC h'XfA fteS an^ passing this Act shall be paid out of any Monies already

°* 1 ls 1 ' raised by virtue of the said Act, or out of the first Monies to arile by virtue of the said Act and this Act, in preference to all ocher Payments whatsoever.

[Public Act.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Continuance

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Act, (subject to the Al-

of the Act. terations.and Amendments in this Act contained,) and this Act, shall continue and be in Force and be executed, for and during the Residue now to come of the Term granted by the said Act, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George EWe and Andrlw Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS

Cap. 115,

An Act for effecting the Sale of certain EHates devised by the Will of the Right Honourable Edward late Lord Thurlow, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sales in the Purchase of other EHates, and for settling the same to the Uses of his Lordship’s Will.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable Edward late Lord Thurlow by The Will of his last Will and Testament, in Writing, bearing Date the Edward late Twenty-ninth day of May One Thousand Eight Hundred and J^je^edr" Two, devised all his Estate in the County of Suffolk to the Right Honourable Edward now Lord Thurlow (Son of his the said Testator’s late Brother the Right Reverend Father in GodTbomas then lately Lord Bishop of Durham, and then deceased,) for his natural Life, wich Liberty to cut down such Timber as should have attained to Perfection, and would become of less Value by (landing, with Remainder to the Use of the Right Honourable Johnhord Eldont then and now Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, his the Testator’s Nephew Edward South Thurlow, and John Forjler of Lincoln's-inn \n the County of Middlesex Esquire, and their Heirs during his Lifctopreserve contingentRemainders, and after his Decease to the First and other Son and Sons successively of the said Edward now Lord Thurlow, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male, and for Default of such Issue to Thomas Thurlow Second Son of the said then late Bishop for Life, with the like Liberty of cutting down Timber as abovementioned, with Re-[Lcc, Per.] 25 H mainder

2238

Codicil 0

May 180,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 115.

mainder to the said John Lord Eldon, Edward South Thurlow, and John Forjler and their Heirs, during the Life of the said 'Thomas Thurlow t in Trust to preserve contingent Remainders, Remainder to the First and other Sons of the said Thomas Thurlow^ severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male, and for Default of such Issue to his the Testator’s Nephew Edward South Thurlow for his natural Life, with the likeLiberty of cutting down Timber as abovementioned, with Remainder to the jfyid John Lord Eldon and John VorJter> and their Heirs during his Life, to preserve contingent Remainders; and after the Decease of the said Edward South Thurlow to Edward Thurlow, Son of the said Edward South Thurlow, for and during his natural Life, with stich Liberty of cutting down Timber as abovementioned, and with Remainder to the said John. Lord Eldon and John Forjler and their Heirs during his Life to preserve contingent Remainders; and from and after his Decease to the First and every other Son of the said Edward Thurlow severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male, and for Default of such Issue to the Second, Third, and other Sons successively of the said Edward South Thurlow, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; and for Default of such Issue the said Edward late Lord Thurlow devised One Moiety of the said Premises to his Daughter Catherine Thurlow for her natural Life, with the like Liberty of cutting down Timber as is above-mentioned, with Remainder to the said John Lord Eldon and John Forjler, and their Heirs, during her Life, to preserve contingent Remainders, Remainder to the Firstand other Sons of the said Catherine Thurlow successively according to their respective Seniorities in Tail; and for Want of such Issue to the Daughter or Daughters of the said Catherine as Tenancs in Tail and in common, with cross Remainders between them, and for Want of such Issue to his the Testator’s Daughter Mary the Wife of David Cunynghame of Maljhmger, in the County of Southampton-, Esquire, for hernatural Life, with the like Power of cutting Timber, and the.like Limitation to the last named Trustees to preserve contingent Remainders, and the like Remainders to be applied to her several Children and their Issue respectively, as were thereinbefore provided respecting the said Moiety for his the Testator’s Daughter Catherine, her Children and their Issue respe&vely; and the said Edward Lord Thurlow, the Testator, devised the other Moiety of the fame Premises to his said Daughter Mary Cunynghame for her natural Life, with the like Liberty of cutting down Timber as is abovementioned, with Remainder to the said John Lord Eldon and John Forjler, and their Heirs, during her Life, to preserve contingent Remainders, and from and after her Decease to the First and every other Son of the said Mary Cunynghame successively,according to their respective Seniorities in Tail; and for Wane of such Issue to the Daughter and Daughters severally of the said Mary Cunynghame, and the Heirs of their Bodies respectively, to hold as Tenants in common, with cross Remainders, as Tenants in^common inTail; and for Want of such Issuevto his the said Testator’s Daughter Catherine for her natural Life, tviih the like Liberty of cutting Timber, and the like Limitation to the lame Trustees to preserve contingent Remainders, and the like Remainders to her several Children and their issues respectively as were thereinbefore provided with relpedl to the first-mentioned Moiety; and for Want of such Issue of either of his said Daughters the said Testator declared his Will to be that the Premises ftionld defeend to his own right f z\ Jkirs; And whereas the said Edward hit LordThurlozv, by a Codicil to 3- his Lid Will (and which Codicil bea's Date the Tv'enty-first Day of May

One

4* GEO R GII III. Cap. u$.

One Thousand Eight Hundred and Three) reciting the rein, that by virtue of his last Will and Testament his Estate in the County of Suffolk was deviled or limited from and after the Determination of certain antecedent Uses therein expressed, to or to the Use of his Nephew Edward South Thurlow for his natural Life with such Liberty of cutting down Timber as is therein mentioned, with Remainder to the Use of the Laid John Lord Eldon and John Forjler therein named, and their Heirs during his Life, to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Use of the said Edward Thurlow, Son of the said Edward South Thurlow for his Life, with such Liberty of cutting down Timber as therein mentioned, with Remainder to the fame Trustees and their Heirs during his Life to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Use of his First and other Sons fuc-cefiively in Tail Male, with Remainder to the Use of the Second, Third, and other Sons of the fai6 Edward South Thurlow successively in Tail Male, with Remainder, as to One Moiety of the said Estates, to his the Testator’s Daughter Mary Cunynghame, for her Life, with such Liberty of felling Timber as therein is mentioned, with Remainder to the fame Trustees and their Heirs during her Life to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Use of her First and other Sons iucceflively in Tail; and that the other Moiety of the fame Estates Hood limited to the like Uses to or in favour of his laid Daughter, Mary Cunynghame and her Issue, after the Determination of certain Uses and Limitations thereof, to or in favour of his Daughter Catherine and her Sons and Daughters respectively j and reciting that his said Nephew Edward South Thurlow had two other Sons, namely, Frederick Thurlow and Charles Thurlow, and that his the Testator’s said Daughter Mary Cunynghame had, since the Date and Execution of his said Will, had a Son born named Thurlow Cunynghame, he the said Edward late Lord Thurlow did, by that Writing, which he declared to be a Codicil to his Will, revoke and make void the said Devises or Limitations to or to the Use of the Second or Third Sons of the said Edward South Thurlow, and in lieu thereof from and after the Determination of all the Uses and Estates created in and by his said Will antecedently to those Limitations, he the said Testa-for gave and deviled the said Estate unto and to the Use of the said Frederick Thurlow, Second Son of the said Edward South Thurlow, and his Assigns, for his natural Life, with the like Liberty of cutting down Timber, and with such other Powers as were given by his said Will to the several Tenants for Life therein named, and from and after the Determination of that Estate by Forfeiture or otherwise in his Lifetime, to the said John Lord Eldon and John Forjler and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Frederick Thurlow, in Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders thereinafter limited, and from and after his Decease to the First and other Son and Sons successively of the said Frederick Thurlo w in Tail Male, and for Default of such Ififue to the said Charles Thurlow, Third Son of the said Edward South Thurlow, and his Assigns for his natural Life, with the like Liberty of cutting down Timber and other Powers as aforesaid; and from and after the Determination of that Estate by Forfeiture or otherwise in his Lifetime, to the said John Lord Eldon and John Forjler, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Charles Thurlow, in Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders thereinafter limited, and from and after his Decease to the First and other Sons successively of the said Charles Thurlow in Tail Male i and for Default of such Issue he the said Testator declared his Will and Meaning to be that the said Estates should remain and be subject to all and every the Uses and Limitations in his said Will of and concerning

the

2 24G

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 115.

the fame, or the undivided Moieties thereof, ulterior to the said Limitations* to the Second and Third Sons of his the Testator’s said Nephew successively, save and except that he the said Testator revoked and made void the said Devises or Limitations of or concerning both the said Moieties of his said Estate to or to the Use of the First Son of the said Mary Cunynghame and the Heirs of his Body, and in lieu thereof, from and immediately after the Determination of all the Uses and Estates created in and by his said Will concerning the said Moieties respectively, antecedently to the said Devises thereof, to the First and other Sons of the said Mary Cunynghame, he the said Testator gave and deviled the said Moieties respectively unto and to the Use of the said $ bur low Cunynghame and his Assigns for his natural Life, with the like Liberty of cutting down Timber, and with the several other Powers as were given by his said Will to the several Tenants for Life therein named j and from and after the Determination of that Estate by Forfeiture or otherwise in his Lifetime, he devised the same to the said John Lord Eldon and John Forjler and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Thurlow Cunynghame, in Trust, to preserve the contingent Remainders thereinafter limited; and from and after the Decease of the said Thurlow Cunynghame, to the First and other Sons successively of the said Thurlow Cunynghame in Tail Male; and the said Testator ratified and confirmed his laid Will in all Parts and Respects, save and except so far as the fame was thereby revoked and varied and the said Edward late Lord Thurlow appointed the said John Lord Eldon, Edward South Thurlow, and John Farther Forjler, Executors of his said Will: And whereas the said Edward late

Codicil, Lord Thurlow, by a further Codicil to his said Will, reciting the rein, that

since making his general Will he had bought some Estates in the County of Suffolk, which he intended to the same Uses as he had settled his Suffolk Estate, he the said Testator thereby confirmed his said Will, and devised such New Purchases to the said Uses: And whereas the said Edward late Lord Thurlow departed this Life on the Twelfth Day of September One Thousand Eight Hundred and Six, and soon after his Deceasc the said John Lord Eldon, Edward South Thurlow, and John Forjler proved his said Will and Codicils in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury: And whereas the said Thomas late Lord Bishop of Durham, on or about the First Day of May One Thousand Seven Hundred and Seventy-seven, intermarried with Ann his late Wife deceased, and hath left Issue by her the said Edward now Lord Thurlow and the said Thomas Thurlow, an Infant: And whereas the said Thomas late Lord Bishop of Durham, by his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of April One Thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety, appointed his Wife Ann Thurlow, Sir John William Roje, Knight, and the said Edward South Thurlow, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, Guardians of his Children, and departed this Life on or about the Thirtieth Day of May One Thousand Seven Hundred and Ninety-one: And whereas the said Am Thurlow and Sir John Wittiam Roje have both departed this Life: And whereas neicher of them the said Edward now Lord Thurlow, or Thomas Thurlow, or Catharine Thurlow hath married: And whereas the said Edward South Thurlow, on or about the Tenth day o(July One Thousand Seven Hundred and Eighty-six, intermarried with Elizabeth Mary Tompfon, and hath Issue by her the said Edward Thurlow, Frederick Charles Thurlow, Charles Augustus Thurlow (which said Frederick Charles Thurlow is called Frederick Thurlow only, and which Charles Augustus Thurlow is called Charles Thurlow only, in the said Codicii to the said Will of the said

Edward

224/

id

id

id

ill

e$

he

to

1ft

ife

br

A

the

b

n

w«

in

film

life

that

fed

Ine

h

/ill

7*

out

W>

her

an

his

of

ife

iu-

tiO

ws

lb

i

tb

9,

d

d

d

4

4.8" GEORGII III. Cap. 115.

Edward late Lr.rd Thurlow') and Henry Robert Thurlow, all of them Infants of tender Years, and no other Child; And whereas the said David Cunyngbame, on or about the Twenty-fifth Day of May One Thousand Eight Hundred and One, intermarried with the said Mary Thurlow, and hath Issue by her the said Edward Thurlow Cunyngkamc (called in the said Codicil to the said Will of the said Edward late Lord %burlow, Thurlow Cunyngbame only) David Thurlow Cunyngbame, Mary Frances Thurlow Cunyngbame, and Robert South 'Thurlow Cunyngbame, z\\ of them Infants of tender Years, and no other Child: And whereas the Principal of the said Estates devised by the Will of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow are fit irate at Thurlow, Wratting, and Ashfield, in the said County of Suffolk: And whereas Parts of the said devised Estates confill of certain Farms a: Thorpe,

Morieux, Norton, Wickham, Skeith, and Stow Upland, and are at a Difiance and lie detached from the said principal Estates: And whereas it would be for the Benefit of the several Persons beneficially interested irt the Estates deviled by the Will of the tod Edward late Lord Thurlow, if the said detached Estates were veiled in Trurtets in Trust, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, to sell the same, and to in veil the Money arising from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates more convenient to be held with the said Principal Estates, and to settle the several Estates so to be purchased to the Uses and upon the Trulls, now subsisting under the said Will and Codicils of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow: But by reason of the Limitations in 11 rid Settlement contained in the said Will and Codicils of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow, the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subject the said Edward now Lord Thurlow, doth beseech Your Majesty, and Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said Edward South Thurlow, for himself and for the said Thomas Thurlow, the Son of the said Thomas late Lord Bishop of Durham, and also for the said Edward Thurlow, Frederick Charles Thur-low, Charles Augustus Thurlow, and the said Henry Robert Thurlow, his the said Edward South Thurlow % Infant Children, and the said David Cunyngbame and the said *Mary his Wife on Behalf of themselves, and Edward Thurlow Cunyngbame, David Thurlow Cunyngbame, Mary Frances Thurlow Cunyngbame, and Robert South Thurlow Cunyngbame, their Infant Children, and she the said Catherine Thurlow, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted 5 and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular the Manor, Mefriiages, The Premises Farms, Lands, Tenements, Vicarage Tythes and Hereditaments at Thorpe, in the Sche-Morieux, Norton, Wickham, Skeith, and Stow Upland aforesaid, which were luIe(f°»hl* devised by the said Will and Codicils of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow, ve(led®n e and which are particularly mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, and also all Trustees to and singular Houses, Out-houses, Edifices, Buildings, Gardens, Timber, and be fold, other Trees, Ways, Paths, Passages, Easements, Waters, Watercourses,

Liberties, Privileges, Hereditaments, Rights, Members, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the fame Manor, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Vicarage Tythes, and Hereditaments, or to any of them, or any Parc thereof belonging or in anywise appertaining, or with the fame, or any of them, or any Part thereof, now or at any Time heretofore, held, uied, occupied, or enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, deemed, taken, or known as Part,

Parcel, or Member thereof, or of any Part thereof, shall immediately from \Loc» Per.] 25 / and

2242

The Money to arise from the Sales to be paid into the Bank,

the Act of Geo. III.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 115.

and after the passing of this Act be vetted in and settled upon, and the same are hereby vetted in and settled upon the said Edward South Thurlow and John For/ler, their Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of them the said Edward South Fhurlovj and John Forfier, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, freed and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and against all and singular:heUfes, Estates, Intails, Remainders, Limitations, Charges, Trusts, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations in and by the said Will and Codicils of the said Edward late Lord Fhurlow respectively limited, expressed, or declared of and concerning the same; but nevertheless upon the Trutts and to and for the Ends, Intents, and Purposes hereinafter exprefiedor declared, (that is to say) upon Trust, that they the said Edward South Phurlow and John Forfier, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, do and shall, as soon as conveniently may be, with the Approbation of the Person or Persons who, according to the Uses limited or declared by the said Will and Codicils of the said Edward late Lord Fhurlow for the Time being would have been beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premises hereby vetted and settled as aforesaid, if this Act had not been made; or if any such Person or Persons shall be an Infant or Infants, then, with the Approbation of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, to beteftified by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, make Sale and dispose of the said Manor, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Vicarage, Tythes, and Hereditaments,hereby vetted and settled as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, either together or in Parcels, and by Public Auction or Private Contract, unto any Person or Persons, at the best Price or Prices in Money that can at the Time of such Sale or Sales be reasonably obtained for the fame j and upon Payment into the Bank, or otherwise in Manner hereinafter mentioned, of the Purchase Money for which the fame Hereditaments and Premises, or any Part thereof, shall be so fold, do and shall convey and allure the fame Hereditaments so to be sold and disposed of unto and to the Use of the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Hereditaments, his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, or as he or they shall direct or appoinr.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall arise from the Sales made in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid by the Person or Persons to or with whom such Sales shall be made, into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex Parte the Purchasers of the Estates of Edward Lord 'ThurloWy pursuant to the Method prescribed by ihe Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, Chapter the Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-fourth, there to remain until the fame shall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the High Court of Chancery in a Summary Way, by the Person or Persons who shall, according to the Uses limited by the said Will and Codicils of the said Edward late Lord FhurloWy be for the Time bein» beneficially entitled in Possession as aforesaid, if such Person or Persons shall be of full Age, but if such Person or Persons shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, then by his or their Guardian or Guardians, be laid out in the Purchase or Purchases of Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of Copyhold Lands, Tenements or Pleredi-ments, which may respectively be approved ot by the said Court of

Chan-

2 243

48° GEORGII III. Cap. n5.

Chancery as being convenient to be holder or enjoyed with the Bulk of the said Manor and Hereditaments deviled by the said Will and Codicils of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow; and upon or from and immediately ascerthe making fu h Purchase or Purchases, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments fotobe purchased shall be conveyed, settled, and allured to, for, and upon such and so many of the Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purpose.% and under and subject to such and so many of the Powers,

Provisoes, Limitations, and Restrictions in and by the said Will and Codicils of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow limited, expressed and declared of or concerning the Manor and other Hereditaments in the said County of Suffolk, devised by the said Will and Codxiis, as shall be then fubfifiing and capable of taking Effect, or as near thereto as Circumstances will admit.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money, which Hull Til! the Mo-be paid into the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General in "ne^® p'ur-°UC Manner hereinbefore directed, or so much thereof as shall not be ordered chafeof Lands by the said Court of Chancery to be applied in die Payment of Costs and to be inverted Expences, according to the Direction hereinafter contained, shall in the Navy Bills, meantime, and until the fame Monies shall be inverted in the Purchase of

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, be from Time to Time laid out

in the Purchase of Navy, Victualling, or Transporc Bills, or Exchequer Bi’ls, and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in the said Navy, cr Victualling, or Transport Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received from the same, as they shall respectively be paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General in the Purchase of other Navy, or Victualling, or Transport, or Exchequer Bills, all which said Navy, or Victualling, or Transport, or Exchequer Bills, shall be deposited in the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until the fame shall, upon Petition to be preferred to the High Court of Chancery in a Summary Way, by or on Behalf of the Person or Persons for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so to be purchased, be ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General for the completing any Purchase hereby authorized to be made as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Court shall think just and direct; and if the Money arising by the Sale of any such Navy, Victualling, Transport, or Exchequer Bills which shall have been purchased as aforesaid, shall exceed the Amount of the original Purchase-Mcney so laid out as aforesaid, then and in that Cafe only, the Surplus which shall remain shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchased, in case the fame had been purchased pursuant to this Act, or to the Representative of such Person or Persons, as Part of his or their personal Estate.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may The Court of be lawful for the said Court of Chancery from Time co Time, if to the said Chancery to Court it shall seem meet, to make an Order for taxing or settling all Costs, ear f®rat" ?nr* Charges and Expences which shall have been incurred preparatory to and the Ports’ & in applying for and obtaining and passing this Act, and in making the several Applications to the said Court in pursuance hereof, and in making and completing the Sales hereby authorized, and in inverting all or any of the Monies which under this Act shall be paid into the Bank in the Pur-

2244 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 115.

chafe of Lands and Hereditaments according to the Directions herein contained, or otherwise in carrying the Trulls, and Purposes of this Act into Execution; and also from. Time to Time, if to the said Court it shall seem fit, for Payment of all such Colls, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid out of the Monies which shall be so paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or out of the Monies arising by Sale of the Navy, Victualling, Transport, or Exchequer Bills to be purchased as aforesaid.

Receipt of Caftiier to a good Discharge to Purchasers.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of be the said Accountant General, together with the Receipt or Receipts of one of the Cashiers of che Bank, to be thereto annexed and therewith filed in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery, of the Payment into the Bank of England by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Hereditaments hereby authorized to be sold of his or their Purchase Monies respectively, shall from Time to Time be and be deemed to be good and effectual Discharges to such Purchaser or Purchasers, or other Person or Persons, or to his or their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for the said Purchase Monies, or so much thereof for which such Certificates and Receipts shall be respectively given; and after filing such Certificates and Receipts as aforesaid, such Purchaser or Purchasers, or other Person or Persons, shall be absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the same Monies, and shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in the meantime and until such

the Rents and Sales shall be made as aforesaid, of the Hereditaments hereby authorized Profits to be to be sold, they the said Edward South Thurlow and John Forjler, and the 1 Survivor of them and his Heirs, shall permit and suffer the Rents and Profits of the said Hereditaments to be had and received and taken by such Person or Persons as would respectively have been entitled, and ought to have held, received and enjoyed the fame, in case this Act had not been made.

Until Sales,

be received by the Persons for the Time being entitled to the same.

Power of appointing new Truliees.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if both or either of them, the said Edward South Thurlow and John Forjler, otr any future Trustee or Trustees who shall succeed to or shall be appointed in the (lead or place of them or either of them as hereinafter mentioned, shall die or shall desire to relinquiffi, or shall refuse or decline to act or become incapable to act in the Trusts or Powers hereby reposed in them or him, or shall go out of Great Britain before the said Trusts shall be fully performed and executed, then and so often as any such Case shall happen, it shall be lawful for the High Court of Chancery in a summary Way, upon the Petition of such Person or Persons as for the Time being would be beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments hereby made saleable, or if such Person or Persons shall be an Infant or Infants, then upon the Petition of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, from Time to Time to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the stead or place of the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged, or going out of Great Britain, or refuting, declining, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and when and so soon and as often as any such Person or Persons shall be lo nominated and appointed, all the Estates and Powers which shall be then vested in the

Trustee

22

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 115.

Trustee or Trustees so dying or desirous of being discharged, or refuting* declining, or becoming incapable to act, or going out of Great Britain as aforesaid, either solely or jointly with other Trustees, shall thereupon with all convenient Speed be conveyed and transferred in such Sort and Manner, and fothat the fame Estates and Powers shall and may be legally and effectually vested in the surviving or continuing Trustee thereof, and such new and other Trustee or Trustees, or in such new Trustees only, as the Case may require, upon the fame Trusts and for the fame Intents and Purposes, and subject to the fame Powers as are hereinbefore declared of and concerning the same Estates, or such and so many of the fame Trusts and Powers as shall or may be then subsisting or capable of taking Effect; and that such new Trustee or Trustees shall and may in all Things act in the Management, carrying on, and Execution of the Trusts hereby created, as fully and effectually, and with all the fame Powers and Authorities to all Intents, Effects, ConstruClions, and Purposes, as if he or they had been originally by this Act nominated a Trustee or Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid.

VIII. Saving always to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, and to His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Persons and Person, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Execucors, and Administrators (other than and except the said now Lord Thurlow, and all and every the Son and Sons of the said Edward now Lord Thurlow, and the Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of such Son and Sons respectively j and the said Thomas Thurlow, and all and every the Son and Sons of the said Thomas Thurlow, and the Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of such Son and Sons respectively, and the said Edward South Thurlow and the said Edward Thurlow j and all and every the Son and Sons of the said Edward Thurlow, and the Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of such Son and Sons respectively j and the faiA Frederick Charles Thurlow, and all and every the Son and Sons of the said Frederick Charles Thurlow, and the Heirs.Male of the Body and Bodies of such Son and Sons respectively; and the said Charles Augustus Thurlow, and all and every the Son and Sons of the said Charles Augustus Thurlow, and the Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of such Son and Sons respectively; and the said Henry Robert Thurlow, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and all and every the Son and Sons hereafter to be born to the said Edward South Thurlow, and the Heirs of his and their Body and respective Bodies , and the said Catherine Thurlow, and all and every the Son and Sons and Daughter and Daughters of the said Catherine Thurlow, and the Heirs of the Body and Bodies of all and every such Son and Sons and Daughter and Daughters respectively j and the said David Cunyngbame and Mary his Wife, and the said Edward Thurlow Cunyngbame, and all and every Son and Sons of the said Edward Thurlow Cunyngbame, and the Heirs Male of the Body and Bodies of such Son and Sons respectively, and all and every other the Son and Sons of the said Mary Cunyngbame, and the Heirs of the Body and Bodies of such Son and Sons respectively, and all and every the Daughter and Daughters of the said Mary Cunyngbame, and the Heirs of the Body and Bodies of such Daughter and Daughters respectively, and the right Heirs of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow, and all and every other Personsand Person claiming or to claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest of, in, and to the said Manor, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Vicarage, Tythes, and Hereditaments hereby veiled and settled as [.hoc. & Per.] 25 K aforesaid

General

Saving.

2246

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 115.

aforesaid under or by virtue of the said Will and Codicils of the said Edward late Lord Thurlow) all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the fame Manor, Mefiiiages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Vicarage Tyches, Hereditaments, and Premises, and every or any Part thereof, as they, every or any of them, had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held or enjoyed in case this b..d not been made.

[Public Act.]

IX. And be it further enacted, That this AcHhall be printed by the Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by ail Judges, Justices, and others.

f.st-B-P B-

[ 2247 ]

Th? SCHEDULE referred to by the foregoing ACT.

House, Buildings, Yard, Garden and Orchard, and several Fields, Closes or Parcels of 1 Land, Arable Meadow and I Pasture - ]

House.Out-ouildings, Garden and Orchard, and several Fields, I Closes or Parcels of Land, j Arable Meadow and Pasture J

House, Offices and Home Ground J and several Fields, Closes or ( Parcels of Land, Arable Mea- ( dow and Pasture - - J

House, Yards, &c. and several "I Fields, Cloles or Parcels of I Land, Arable Meadow and Failure J

The ManororLordlhipof Wick-' ham Skeith, with the Quit Rents, Rights, Royalties, Members and Appurtenance* thereunto belonging; the Vi carge of Wickham Skeith, with all the Great and Small Tythes belonging thereto, and arising within the Parish of Wickham j

House, Yards, &c. and the feve- j ral Fields, Closes or Parcels j of Land, Arable Meadow and ( Pasture

Thorpe Morieux,

Charles Rogei

Henry Whiteman

l-9$o

LONDON: Printed by George Eyke and Andrew Strahan Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1803.

si! v (-r»vwou

7: i!'.-' V . he 9 1 Jl!'.-. ;l! 3 If- »> > 7

i‘..n . 1"' '! 1'OiM'gt.})"]' ,.5.:i. gu'.rtg^jiE- 1 ,m*>-

W! !'<! SP i* tftltffur J,. % J>iy t»XH JJl* .»*

- O'!" ' C-V- O :-'v

jttv’ J wq v *y< i£f6&cq fmq '.i* {prtii;-

; "' ' ft *1 I ;,! 1; r; ' .: = j C \

i‘ id j;- ut Ulan.req* ctjnnsaitf iWJ Hoai-<v> i J tjcctiiuixj*

;» ' l j)un|«o* ,» Van #tojj , '

jj. iJj.’j tl.jn,- j ! ttci- c..-, UI!)f 0$ V','-1' < I-'1 . ’ V

fnu, ro rtrfff'tjp-j tuq b (7oj| r ii: i^wtjfrw.o n: .;j.\ i , O1 , £ L Hit I' qia 'fiiwf <THf[ filer: T». .: y- ’ i» "

JLM. i-HKKr« H!» |F*W* K i V*"'-

i'fcuicq . > ' s

{»jwc ?1 «td<j ,'(Oi «>.(ret >jk;cjm -

i:0 1 .1 r--i|: ' . 1 v. r"y . ' ' .1* *3 '"UC

i’v

y Q O .* M fJ)C $,ttvw*V

'(Jiysl* ypopnj^p^ fjrc. QO]]'e£t

- :.! &n-W

C-"V fa

»> -*«»

OEQ#iI! HI. BECI3

w. :o nr>v: v.;uio ocj.vao

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 116.

An Act for enabling the Mailer, Warden, Fellow?, Brethren, Sifters and Scholars of the College of God's Gift in Dulwich, in the County of Surrey, to grant a Lease or Leases of certain Estates belonging to the fame College in the said County, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose; and also to grant Building Leases of other Parts of the fame Estates; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS His Majesty King James the First* by Letters Patent Letter* pa* dated the Twenty-first Day of June in the Seventeenth Year of ynt11* His Reign, did grant and give Licence to Edward Alleyne James I. to Esquire to erect and found a College in Dulwich in the County of Surrey, which should endure for ever, and consist of One Master, One Warden, air Four Fellows, Six poor Brethren, Six poor Sifters, and Twelve poor Scholars, to be maintained, educated and governed, according to such Ordinances and Statutes as should be made and ordained by the said Edward Alleyne; and it was ordered that the said College should be called " The College of God's Gift in Dulwich in the County of Surreyand that the said Master, Warden, Four Fellows, Six poor Brethren, Six poor Sifters, and Twelve poor Scholars, and their Successors, should be One Body Corporate, and have perpetual Succession for ever, and have a [Lor. b9 Per.] 25 L Common

2250

The Co'lege founded by Edward Al-leyue 16,9.

Fine levied

of the Estatei to the U e of tin College.

Statutes of the College.

48’ GEORGII III. Cap. 116.

Common Seal; and His said Majesty did further giant and give Licence unto the said Master, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Sifters and Scholars, to purchase and take to them and their Successors for ever for their Maintenance and Relief from, the said Edwa d Alleyne the Manor or Lordship of Dulwich, with the Rights, Royalties, Members, and Appurtenances in the Parish of Camberwell in the Counties of Surrey and Kent, or in either of them, and divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said Letters Patent more particularly described, situate and being in Dulwich aforesaid and in the Parish of Lambeth in the said County of Surrey; and also all those Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Parish of Saint Botolph without Bishopgate London, which descended and came to the said Edward Alleyne from his Father Edward Alleyns deceased; and also all those Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Garden, Hereditaments, and Building of the said Edward Alleyne, then called by the Name of the Fortun in White ross Street and Golden Lane, in that Part of Saint Giles Cripplegate London which is in Middlesex (now Saint Luke Old Street); and his said Majesty did give Licence to the said Edward Alleyne to grant and assure unto the said Matter, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Sifters and Scholars, and their Successors, for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes aforesaid, all that the said Manor and other the Hereditaments with the Appurtenances (the Statute of Mortmain or any other Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding) and also Licence and Authority to the said Edward Alleyne to make and constitute Statutes and Rules for the Maintenance, Education and Government, as well of the said College as of all and every the said Manor and other Hereditaments j and His said Majesty did appoint the Archbishop of Canterbury for the Time being to be the Visitor of the said College: And whereas the said Edward Alleyne did Tome Time in the Year One thousand six hundred and nineteen, pursuant to the said Letters Patent, found and establish a College in Dulwich aforesaid, by the Name of li The College of God's Gift in Dulwich in the County of Surrey,'* and did also establish the first Members of the fame, and the Master, Warden, Four Fellows, Six poor Brethren, Six poor Sifters, and Twelve poor Scholars, to be a Body Corporate; and the said Edward Alleyne afterwards levied a Fine of the said Manor, and other Hereditaments comprized in the said Letters Patent, the Uses whereof were declared to enure to the Use of himself for Life, with Remainder to the foie and only Use of the then Master, Warden, Four Fellow's, Six poor Brethren, Six poor Sifters, and Twelve poor Scholars of the said College, and their Successors for ever: And whereas the said Edward Alleyne, hath by Two several Statutes made pursuant to the said Letters Patent, ordained that no Lease or Demise should be made of any of the Lands given by him to the said College, but at One of the Publick Audit Days, by the Consent and Approbation of the Master, Warden, Assistants, Senior and Junior Fellow's of the said College, cr the most Pari of them there present, under their Hands and Common Seal of the said College, and that such Leases should be granted for no longer Term than One and Twenty Years, with a valuable Rent refe’-ved thereon, and without Fine, and that no Part of Two hundred Acres of Coppices or Wood Lands, nor so much of the Arable and Pasture Land belonging to the said Collage, which should be ui’ed as a Demesne for Provision, thereunto should be demised in Lease to any Person whatsoever, but that the fame should remain in the Occupation of the College, and be husbanded by the Master and Warden with the Consent of most Part of the Senior and Junior Fellows thereof, to thebeft Benefit and Advantage

2251

48' GEORG,11 III. Cap. nb:

of the College, and for the better and more easy Provision of Bread and Beer and other Victuals, as also for Fuel for the said College: And whereas fmce the Introduction. of Coal, the said Coppices of Wood Lands have not been uled for the Purpose designed by the said Edward Alleyme: And whereas many Parts of the said Estate and Lands of the said College, including the said Coppice or Wood Lands, as also Part of the Lands lying1 for building, near to the fame College, are very eligibly f/tuated for building thereon, which Building would greatly increase the Value of the College Estates, and further ihe bnevolent Design of the Founder; but by reason of the said Statutes the College are retrained from managing their Estate to the best Advantage, and the Estates of the said College have not improved in the fame Proportion as the Estates of Individuals, notwithstanding the y are subject to the progressive encreasing and necessary Burthens, and to the qncreased Price of every Article of Life, and in many Inllances (as being a corporate Body supporting a large Establishment) to more than an equal Share: And whereas notwithstanding tile said College are restrained from ,1nvtf

granting Leases for a longer Term than Twenty-one Years, yet many ff-gc tllc Persons have been induced to build valuable Houses on the Estate thereto Eiutc. belonging, and to rebuild others, trusting to the Honour of the said College and their good Faith not to take any undue Advantage; and other Persons might be induced so to do, but such Tenure is precarious and unpleasant to both Landlord and Tenant, and may be the Source of Litigation and Diifcniion, and more especialiy as Land so let will not produce to the said College the Rental that it otherwise would, and that a private Individual might fairly expect: And whereas by Articles of Agreement indented Recital of bearing Date on or about the Twenty-ninth Dasy of September, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, and made between the Master, to'nppl^to Warden, Four Fellows, Six pop* Brethren, Six poor Sifters, and Twelve poor Scholars of the said College of God's Gift of the One Part, and John September1 Adcock of Dulwich in t he Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell in the said County 1807. of Surrey Esquire, Edward Browne of Dulwich aforesaid Esquire, Jamej?

Bartlett of Du.wich aforesaid Farmer, John Bowles of Dulwich aforesaid Esquire, Richard Henry Clarke of Dulwich aforesaid Esquire, John Druce of Fulham in the County of Midd icy ex Esquire, Nathaniel Bogle French of Dulwich aforesaid Esquire, David Gordon of Dulwich aforesaid Esquire,

Thomas Griffith of Dulwich aforesaid Esquire, Sarah Hacks of Dulwich aforesaid Widow, Charles Frederick Hennings oil Dulwich aforesaid Esquire,

George Harris of Dulwich aforesaid Esquire, David Lyon of Dulwich aforesaid Esquire, Henrietta Lawrence of the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell aforesaid Widow, Peter Martineau of Dulwich aforesaid Esquire, Richard Shawe of Dulwich aforesaid Esquire, Anthony Sterry of Dulwich aforesaid Gentleman, George Sharpe of Dulwich aforesaid Esquire, John Willes of Dulwich aforesaid Esquire, and le i!!lain Wood Watson of the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth in the said County of Surry Esquire, of the other Part; after Reciting that the said several Persons above named had applied to and requeued the said Master, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Sifters, and Scholars,

(in Consideration of the great Costs and Charges which the said several Persons or those from whom they had respectively purchased the fame) had been respectively put to, in erecting and building on those Parts of the Estates of the said College of God's Gift, mentioned and specified in the Schedule thereunder written, and in the First Schedule to this annexed, the several capital Messuages or Tenements, and other Buildings in

4§° GEORGII III; Cap. xi6.

the fame Schedule also specified (to grant them respectively Leases thereof for a long Term of Years), upon the Terms and Conditions therein and hereinafter mentioned; but that inasmuch as the said Mailer, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Sillers, and Scholars were rellridled by the Statutes of the said College from granting Leases for any longer Term than Twenty lone Years, it was thereby mutually covenanted, declared, and agreed, by and between the said Parties thereto, and the said Mailer, Warded, Fellows, Brethren, Sillers and Scholars, did thereby covenant with the said several abovenamed Persons, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, thattheythe said Maller, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Sillers, and Scholars wbuldapply for an Act of Parliament to authorize and empower them to make, grant, and execute a Lease or Leases, to such several Persons respectively and their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, of the several Pieces or Parcels of Land and Hereditaments in the Schedule thereunder written, and also in the said First Schedule to this Act annexed particularly mentioned and expressed and set against the Names of such Persons respectively, situate, lying and being in the said Parishes of Saint Giles Camberwell and Saint Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, with the capital Mansions, Messuages, or Tenements, Offices, and other Erections and Buildings thereon erected and built by the said several Persons, or those from whom such Persons had respecti'ely purchased the fame with their and every of their Appurtenances; to hold the fame unto such Persons respectively, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Sixty-three Years, to commence from the Periods, and at, under and subject to the several Yearly Rents mentioned and expressed in the fame Schedules, and it was thereby mutually covenanted, declared and agreed by and between the said Parties thereto, that the said several Leases when made and executed ffiouid contain a Covenant on the Part of the said several Persons respectively and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Payment of the Rents thereby to be reserved, by Four equal Quarterly Payments during every Year of the said Term so to be granted, clear of all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever (except any Income or Property Tax in respect of the said Rents) and also Covenants from the said several Persons and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to repair and keep in Repair the Messuages, Erections, and Buildings, erected and built and to be erected and built on the fame Premises, and to surrender and leave in Repair the fame Messuages, Erections, and Buildings at the End of the Term in such Leases granted, and also a Power for the Mailer, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Sillers, and Scholars, and their Successors, and their Surveyors and Agents, to enter upon the Premises and to inspect the State and Condition thereof, and also all such other usual and proper Covenants, Provisoes, and Conditions, on the Parts of the said several Persons respectively, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, as are usually inserted in the Leases from the said College and in Leases of the fame or the like Nature and further, that the said several Leases when made and executed should contain Conditions of Re-entry for Non-payment of the Rents to be thereby reserved, or Non-performance of the Covenants, Provisoes, or Conditions, on the Part of the said several Persons respectively and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and that they should severally execute Counterparts of their respective Leases; and lastly, the said several Persons therein-before and in the said Schedule named did respectively agree to accept and take such Leases respectively of the Premises mentioned

2253

48° GEORGII lit; Cap. 116.

tioned and specified in the said Schedule for the said Term of Sixty-three Years from the Periods and at under and, subject to the Rents therein also specified and contained, and under and subject to the Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements, contained and expressed in such Leases so to be granted as aforesaid: And whereas the Estates of the said College in White Ertaiesin Cross Street, and Golden Lone aforesaid, and Courts adjoining in the Parish of Saint Luke Middle],sw, more particularly mentioned and deferibsu in 1 olden iv.e the Second Schedule to this Act annexed, have become old and ruinous and require to be pulled down and rebuilt, but the fame cannot be done qu r- to be by reason of the said College being restrained from granting Leases for a ,cbUi1 longer Term than Twenty:one Years: And whereas it would be of great ^"college Benefit and Advantage to the said College, if the said recited Contract or t«. c try the Agreement was carried into Execution, and it would he also of Advantage to the said College, if the said Master, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Execution Sifters, and Scholars, and their Successors, were enabled to extend the said j^xien(*‘lIie Term of Sixty-three years in the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, contained in the said First Schedule for a longer Term by Way of Fine and also to grant Building Leases of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, belonging to the said College situate in Dulwich aforesaid, and in the said Parish of Saint Luke Middiefe; more particularly mentioned and defer ibed in the said Second Schedule to this Act annexed for a long Term of Years, under and subject to such Terms, Conditions and Agr ements, as are herein-after mentioned and contained; but inasmuch as neither the said recited ContraH or Agreement nor any of the federal Matters and Things aforesaid, can be specifically performed, and carried into Execution without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, The laid Mailer, Warden, Fellows,

Brethren, Sifters and Scholars, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confen, or the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament after soled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and niter the passing < ! this A cl, it PiHV?r,to shall and maybe lawful to and fbrthe said Maher, Warden, Fellows, Bre- nlirVnftn-^ thren, Sifters, and Scholars, and their Successors, and they are hereby '»=;-*.! :»n the fully authorized and empowered Dy Indenture or Indentures duly executed S°the 1'Lit^ under their,common Seal, to grant a Leafs or Leases of all and singular the Schedule. Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises comprized in the said First Schedule to this Act annexed and agreed to be d entiled to the said feveril Persons mentioned in the fame Schedule by the said recited'Contract or Agreement as aforesaid; and also of all Ways, Water* cotirfes, Rights, Easements, Liberties,' Privileges, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, and Appurtenances whatsoever thereto belonging, for the Term of Sixty-three-'Years, to take E hector be computed from the Periods or Times 'particularly mentioned and specified in the said Schedule to the said recited Contract or Agreement, a; also in the said First Schedule to this Act annexed, at and under the Yearly Rents specified in the lame Schedules, and under and subject to the Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements mentioned or expressed in the fame Contract or Agreement and herein’-before recited or Let forth," according* to the trite Intent' and Meaning thereof, and of this Act*;

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Matter, Warden, Fel- WemiW . [Loe^ Per.] 25 M lows.

2 2 54

dffcpH-d m Scheu i.li.

The College defiious of redeen.inj it Land Tax.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 116.

lows. Brethren, Sillers, and Scholars, and their Successqrs, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered by Indenture sealed with their common Seal, to demise, lease, and grant, any Fart or Parts of the Messuages, Buildings, and P:eces or Parcels of Ground, Hereditaments and Premises, belonging to the said College, situate, lying and being in Dulwich, 2nd in the Parish of Saint Luke aforesaid, and more particularly mentioned and described in the said Second Schedule to this Act annexed, with the Rights, Easements, and Appurtenances, thereto reflectively belonging, unto any Person or Persons who shall be willing to build upon or to rebuild or substantially repair the fame in the Manner by the Lease or respective Leases so to be specified for any Term or Number of Years absolute, not exceeding the Term of Eighty-four Years, to take Effect in Possession and not in Reversionor by Way of future Interest, with Liberty for the Lessees to take down all or any Part or Parts of the Buildings, Handing upon the Premises in any such Lease or Leases respectively comprized, and to convert and dispose of the Materials thereof to such Uses and Purposes as shall be therein mentioned and agreed upon, and also to lay out and appropriate any Part of the Premises to be comprized in such Lease or Leases as or for a Way or Ways, Passage or Passages for the Use and Convenience of the Lessee or Lessees, or other Tenants, cr Occupiers of the Premises, so as there be reserved in and by such Leases, Demises, and Grants respectively, the best and most improved Yearly Rent that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame, to be made payable Quarterly free from all Taxes and Deductions whatsoever, (except any Income or Property Tax in respect of the said Rent) Regard being had to the Value of the Buildings (if any) to be comprized in such Demises or Leases, without taking any Fine, Premium, or Foregifr, or any Thing in the Nature thereof for the making of such respective Leases, and so as there be contained in such Demises or Leases respectively, Covenants from the respective Lessees, to pay the Rent thereby reserved to build and keep in Repair the Messuages, Erections, and Buildings, which may be agreed to be erected and built on the Premises, and also substantially to repair and keep in Repair the Messuages, Erections, and Buildings, agreed or intended to be repaired only, and to surrender and leave in Repair the Messuages, Erections, and Buildings to be erected and built or rebuilt and repaired, upon the Premises thereby respectively to be leased at the End of the Term or Terms in such Leases granted, and so as there be contained in such Demises, or Leases respectively, a Power for the Lessors and their Surveyors and Agents to enter upon the Premises, and to inspect the State and Condition thereof, and all such other usual and proper Covenants, Provisoes, and Conditions, on the Parts" of the respective Lessees as are usually contained in Leases granted by the said College, or as are usually contained in Leases of the fame or the like Nature, and so as there be also contained in such Demises, or Leases respectively, Conditions of Re-entry for Non-payment of the Rent to be thereby reserved or Non performance of the Covenants, Provisoes, or Conditions on the Part of the respective Lessees, and so as the respective Lessees do severally execute Counterparts, of their respective Leases.

III. And whereas it would be of Advantage to the said College, if the said Mailer, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Sifters, and Scholars, were enabled to extend the said Term of Sixty-three Years, for a further Term not exceeding Twenty*one Years, under and subject to such Terms, Con*

8 ditions.

4irGF.ORG 11 III. Cap. ir6. 2255

ditrofts, and Agreements, as are herein-after mentioned and contained; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Mailer, Warden, Fellows, Brethren, Sifters, and Scholars, and their Successor , from and after the passing of this Act, (in Consideration of a Sum of Money to be paid by Way of Fine or Premium) to extend the said Term of Sixty-three Years unto tile said several Persons mentioned in the Schedule to the said recited Agreement, and also in the said First Schedule to this Act annexed, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Alligns, for any Term or Number of Years, not exceeding in the Whole the Term of Twenty-one Years, to take Effect in Possession immediately after the Expiration of the said Term of Sixty-three Years, under and fub-jedl nevertheless to the like Rents, Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements as are in and by the said recited Agreement, expressed and contained, and according to the true Intent and Meaning hereof.

IV. And whereas the said College is at present greatly out of Repair, and The c ^gp the West Wing thereof is in great Danger of falling, and must shortly be out of Repair, rebuilt, and a Fund has been for many Years accumulating and saving for

that Purpose, now amounting to the Sum of Five thousand six hundred Pounds, in the Three Pounds Centum Cord'd i da ted Bank Annuities, but the same is totally inadequate thereto; be it therefore enacted, That the Surp.usMo-Monies arising from the said Fines, or Premiums fa to be received, shall be n es t., be applied in repairing the said College or in rebuilding of the fame, either on *£’’Repair or the present Scite, or on such other Part of the Eftat.es,belonging to the fame §<. building College, as the Visitor thereof for the Time being shall approve. lhe Cvl1

V. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and s.ving clause, Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic, and Corporate, His and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the said Master, Warden, Fellows, Brethren,

Sifters, and Scholars, and their Successors, and Assigns), all such Estate,

Right, Title, Inter eft, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, in, to, orcu:of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprized in the said Schedules to this Act annexed, as they or any of them had or were entitled to, at or before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had 'in case this Act had not been made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

t nd «h-

I erm to the Persons nen-

Ag 1 cement;

2256

48° GEORGII III. Cap. n6.

The FIRST SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

LANDS

In the Parish of Saint Giles Camberwell,

IN SURREY.

James Bartlett John Bowles

Richard Henry Clarke

John Druce

Nathaniel Bogle French

Thomas Griffith

A Messuage and Offices in the Village of Dulwich, wi:h the Garden and Ground, containing Two Roods and Seven Poles

A Messuage, Cottage, Stables, Outbuild- -\ ings, and Garden behind, in the Village of I Michaelmas Dulwich, containing One Ac; r*'

Roods and Three Poles

Three Dwelling Houses at the Entrance of Dulwich, and Two Roods of Land - J

A Messuage and OfBces on the North Sidey of Dulwich Common, with Pleasure and ( Garden Ground, containing Four Acres f and Two Roods - - '

A Messuage with Offices, and Outbuildings, Padd nk and Ground, in Dulwich, con- I

g Eight Acres Two Roods and Ei

'gbij

A Messuage and Officeson the North Side of"l Dulwit h Common, with Garden behind, s and Ground opposite, conraitjingSix Acres J

A capital Messuage and Offices in his Occupation adjoining the Road to Ireland / Green in Duiwich, with Pleasure and [ Garden Ground, containing Ten Acres J

A capital Messuage, Offices and Lodge, Gardens 3nd Ground on Dulwich Hill, containing Twenty-two Acres and Thirty-three Poles

A Messuage and Offices in his Occupation near the Entrance of Dulwich, with Garden, Orchard, and Paddock, containing Six Acres Three Roods and Seven Poles

Michaelmas

1805

Lady Day 1787 '

Lady Day 1790

Lady Day 1804

Michaelmas

2800

Michaelmas

1800

Lady Day

*795

4S° GEORGII III. Cep. 116,

2257

—a—

Lamh a nd remifes to be demised. KENT.

- * V

Sarah Hucks A Messuage and Garden in the Village of»j Dulwi li, containing Twenty-six Poles, / with Offices and Groun.l opposite; contain- ( ing One Acre One Rood and Four Pples J Lady Day l'l9 4 , O , 0

Charles 1'rederick Hennings - J A MetlQage and OHices adjoining Dulwich^ Common, on the Road to Sydenham, with f Gardens and Ground, containingTwenty-v two Acres Two Roods and Twenty-five 1 Michaelmas - *8o3 104 O 9

George Harris A Messuage, Offices and Garden adjoining a ] 1 ill Place, on the West Side o' Dulwich / Common, containing Three Roods and r Eight Poles - - - - J Michaelmas I/9° 8 O 9

David Lyon A capital Messuage, Offices and Lodge, o Ga-d-us. and Ground on Dulwich: Hill, / containing Twenty Acres One Rood and l Three Poles - - - J Michaelmas 1800 120 O 9

Henrietta Laurence - A Cottage, Ram, Garden and Ground on 1 Dulwich Hill, containing Two Acres a Three Roods and Eight Poles - - 3 Michaelmas 1800 210 0

Peer Martinean A capital Messuage and Offices on Dulwich J Hill, with Gardens and Plea hire Ground, > containing Eight Acres and Three Roods J Lady Day 1804 43 *o 0

Richard Shawe A capital Mansion and Offices on Dulwich J Hill, with Gardens and Pleasure Grounds, / containing Fifteen Acres One Rood and [ Six Poles J Michaelmas 1800 So 0 0

Same A Me flu age adjoining Ireland Green in J Dulwich, with.O.u:buildings, Garden and / Pleasure Ground, containing Three Acres f and jfwp, Roods - J Lady Day 1803 28 O 0

Anthony Srerry A - ge and, Offices in Dulwich, on the^ North Side, of- the Road to Sydenham, 1 containing Three Acres and Thiity-seven 1 Poles , - - - J Michaelmas 7 9 20 0 0

George Sharpe V. J A capital Messuage and Offices on Dulwich J Hill, j with Outbuildings, Gar.lens and > Piealijre Ground, containing Seven Acres-' Michaelmas iSojt 50 0 0

John Willes A capital Messuage and Offices on the West j Sitlc cjf the College in Dulwich, with Cottage or Eaqji.-hqufe, Canal, Gardens, \ Pleasujre and other Grounds, containing [ Forty^-fix Acres Three Roods and Twenty-four Poles - - - J Michaelmas 178] 23° 0 0

25W

[loc. (S' Fer.

225

48° GEORGII III. Cap. u6.

LAND in the Parish of St. MARY LAMBETH.

Leflecs Naraei, Land* and Premises to be demised. jil RENT.

William Wood Watson Acipital Messuage in his own Occupation" on the South Side of the Road leading from Denmark Hill, with the Garden and Pleasure Grounds, containing Eight Acres Two Roods and Seven Poles, part of the Ground lying in Camberwell Parish Michaelmas *794 £ s. d. 4# 0 0

Same A Messuageand Offices on the South Side' of the Road leading from Denmark Hill, late in the Occupation of Benjamin Tomkins, with Garden and Pleasure Ground, containing One Acre and Three Roods Michaelmas 1807 24 a 0

Compared with the Schedule to the Agreement of Twenty-ninth September One thousand eight hundred and i'even, by me,

Charles Druce, Steward of the College.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 116.

The SECOND SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

The MANOR of DULWICH, viz.

Acres Roods. Poles

XIO ° O

11 0 0

20 5 0 0

' 3 O

2 3 39

14 2 25

The Common

The Wades

The Coppices

The Avenue

Rqund Green and Nursery

Home Field, Grove Field,! and Field adjoining J

The Scite of the College,-) Courts, Yards an l Gar- dens, in case the College I, shall, with the Approba- Y tion of the Visitor, be re- builtuponanyotherScite J

Two Fields in the Occupation of Peter Martineau, adjoining the new private Road

A Field adjoining the new private Road, in"^ the Occupation of David Lyon - J

A Messuage and Four Field?, in the Occu-’ paiion of Charles Clarke and Richard Shawe

A Field adjoining the new private Road, in"l the Occupation of Thomas Griffith - J

A Messuage in Dulwich and Five Inclosures, " in the Occupation of William Parry

Two Tenements near the Common, and Three Inclosures near the private Road Penge, in the Occupation of James Bart

Ten Messuages, Windmill, and a Meadow, on Lease to James Lee and William J' kins

Tenement and Garden, in the Occupation 1 of Judith Holloway - - J

13 3 37 600

13 1 18

23 2 28

£ ' d.

50 O © 23 o o

51 o o

37 17 o 84 o o

39 o o

22 59

2260

48' GEORGII III. Cap. 116.

Two Messuagesand Seven Inciofures, in the Occupation of Clarkson Palmer and his > 31 Under-tenant - - - )

r. p. £. s. d.

O o

Aores.Roods.PoIe*.

Dulwich Court Farm, late-) Coleman - ~f5 ° 3

Two Fields by the Gypfcy"! House, Ditto - ! ’3

Two Messuage*, Blacksmith’sl Shop, Stables, Tenements [ 21 2 *nd Meadow, Citlo 3 $S 3 38

A Field called Brownings, in Dulwich VII-'l lage, in Occupation of Samuel Bradley / 7 3 3

Two Fields by the Turnpike on the Com-'l mon, in Occupation of John Corner - J 12 2 14

Four Fields adjoining the Common, late in "I the Occupation of Isaac Wheeler - J 29 1 16

Messuage and Field, in the Occupation of J Charles Brent Barry - - J 4 3 26

The Crown Public House, let to Isaac Ellis, with Two Dwelling Houses and small > Gardens - - J 010

Messuage and Garden in the Occupation ©PI Rebecca Tawke - - - J O 2 30

Eight Messuages and Two Inciofures, let to ~| Benjamin ’Fayle and Mary Adams ~ J 9 °.»S

Two Fields adjoining Dulwich Court Lane,"! in the Occupation of John Adcock - j .7 0 ij

A iflefruagd*let to William Billiter O I 29

Two Messuages near the College, let to \ Ifafcel Adams - - j 0 1 7

Three Meadows adjoining and near to the-. Back Lane in Dulwich, in the Occupa- j> tion of Sarah Hucks - J " 3

Five Inciofures and a Piece of Waste near-Dulwich Court Lane, in the Occupation cf Edward Browne - - r 35 1 24

A Tenement, Three Cottages, Shop, Gar--dens and Small Meadow, and a Field by |> Croxtead Lane, let to Thomas Turk - 9 3 26

AMefluage, Two Cottages, and Five Pieces'! of Land, let to Thomas Wright - J 16 1 15

104. 3 O 4° 15 c 63 ° ®

117 o o 40 o 20 2 o

20 O O

50 O O

26 o o ‘3 P. o 36-O o

JS o Q

77 .0 o

5-oo 40 o o

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 116.

2261

Five Fields adjoining LqrdfHip Lane, lately 1 on lease to Thomas Griffith - J A. R. P. 42 2 22

M- ffuageand Field near Lordship Lane, ini the Occupation ot William Glennie - J IO O 21

A Cottage and Garden ip Lordship Lane, in 1 the Occupation 0.' Mi. Stedman - J 0 0 18

A Messuage and Seven Inclosures, in thel Occupation of Percival North - J 52 2 j

Four Inclosures, in the Occupation of John \ Jephfon - - - J 34 0 3°

Several Tenements near the Common, and-. Three Fields near Sydenham Hill, let to > William Oxlade - - J 19 2 14

Three Fields, in the Occupation of Sarah 1 Bond, near the Common - - / 45 2 13

Private Road and Two Fields, in the Occu-l pation of John Scott, leading to Pengs J 23 2 13

Two Fields, in the Occupation of James 1 Mai!hall j - - J 19 I O

Three Fields, in the Occupation of George 1 Har.is - J 13 X I

A Messuage and Four Fields adjoining the -. Common, in the Occupation of William J> Orme - - 18 3 13

A Messuage and Four Fields adjoining Dul--. w eh Common, in the Occupation of Daniel Stowe - - J 21 I 4

Eight Messuages on the North Side of Dul--. wich Common and Four Fields, on lease > to Samuel Browne and Alexander Glennie 21 1 12

Stable and Coach-houses, late Dr. Allen’s J pear the Common - - J 0 O 12

Messuage and Three Fields, let to Fleetwood J Bury - - J 18 2 II

Messuage and Fields adjoining the Common -| and Croxtead Lane in the Occupation of Robert Brettell - 12 O 3

Four Messuages and Meadow near the Common, let to Elizabeth Thorp - J 2 3 13

Two Messuages and Five Inclosures, let to' John A year ft 21 3 11

\Loc. & Per.] 25 0

£ ' 63 O O

60 o o

O I o

138 o o

53 11 0

36 o o

97 *7 o 38 o o 27 10 0 24 o 38 0 o

70 o o 72 o o o 10 o 48 o o 32 o o 3200 75 0 0

226 2

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 116.

The Greyhound, Nine Messuages and a Mea- [ dow, let to Robert Boxall - S

Seven Tenements, let to Mrs Shawe and 1 Mrs. Hughes - - J

i Dulwich, let to

A Me linage and Land Mrs. Rix

Two Fields, in the Occupation of Richard \ Henry Clarke - J

A Messuage and Three Fields at Ireland-. Green, and Two near Croxtead Lane, let \ to William Hudson -

The Half Moon Public House and several Inclosures of Meadow Land

Two Tenements and, Garden"t on the Waste, let to Na- s thaniel Bogle French - J

Acres. Roods.Pole:

37 9

A. R P. £ d-

8 a 28 3°

o i 5 i3 o

8 " 33 30 O O

7 0 3s 9OO

31 3 39 66 00

Two Messuages and Land near Ireland Green,' let to George Whitfield - J

A Field adjoining the Sydenham Road, in "I the Occupation of John Bowles - j

A Messuage on the North Side of the Com-"j mon and a Field, in the Occupation of y Samuel Lancaster - - J

37 3 18

i 35

3 *s

In the Parishes of CAMBERWELL and LAMBETH Intermixed.

One Inclosure adjoining Champion Hill, in'! the Occupation of Mr. Gonne - j

Eight Tenements near Champion Hill, let') to Theophilus Lightfoot, and Land in the y Occupation of Mr. Croughton - J

A Field in the Occupation of George Sharpe, *1 adjoining Champion Hill J

S- GEORGII III. Cap. n6> 2263

In the Parish of Saint Luk: , Miildlesex

s Four Messuages in Golden Lane A. R. P. L- r. d.

Two Messuages behind the fame Twenty-four Messuages in Pbyhouse Yard Three Messuages in Swallow Alley Eight Messuages in Parrott Court Two Messuages in a Passage Four Messuages in Whitecross Street i . . . K A 200 O 6

Total—Forty-seven ;—all let to David Bucklce, an<l moll ly occupied by Weekly Tenants, at One Rent ol - j

Charles t)ruce,

Steward of the Colleges

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 117.

An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Warwick, Middlesex, and Montgomery, late of the Right Honourable Robert Earl of Catherlough deceased, in Trustees, in Trull to be sold; and for investing the Money aiding from the Sale thereof in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the subsisting Uses of the Will of the said Robert Earl of Catherlough, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Right Honourable Robert Earl of Cctberlough Vi (count Barrels and Baron Luxborough of Shannon in the K ng-dom of Ireland, duly signed and published his l ift W 11 and Testament bearing Date the Eleventh Day of February One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and (.fter charging all and every his Manors or reputed Manors, Mess ages, Farms, Lunds, Tenements, Rents, Tythts, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and be;ng in or arising out of the Counties of Warwick, Lincoln, and Middlesex, and all his Messuages, L~nds, Tenements, Tythes and Hereditaments, in the Counties ot Monlgom rjy Salop, Flint, Chester, and Worcester, any or either of them, with the Payment of an Annuity of Four hundred Pounds to Jane Davies (since deceased) for her Life, provided flic should continue unmarried, but in case [Loc. Per.] 2$ P .(he

The Will of the E til of Latherio'igh*

Gte 1 ijrfc

February

X77*»

2266

48° GEORGII III. Cap. til.

ihe should marry, then from and after her Marriage with an Annuity of One hundred Pounds for her Life, and after also charging his Manor of Edstone, Part of his fuid Estates in the Paid County of Warwick, and ail his Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereurto belonging, or situate within the said Manor in the said County of Warwick, with the Paymenc of an Annuity of Three hundred Pounds to Henry Ralegh Knight, (therein called his said Testator’s Son or jpeputed Son of his Body on the B,dy of the said Jane Davies begotfenjjfor his Life, and with usual Powers of Distress and Entry for secur'ing'the Payment of the said several Annuities in the Manner in the said Will particularly mentioned) the said Testator did by his said Will give and devise all and every his laid Manors, MdTuages, Tenements, Farms, Lands, Rents, Tythes and Hereditament unto William Hoed, Esquire, his Executors, Admimf. trators and Assigns, for the Term of One thousand Years, to be computed from the Day next before the Day of the Death of the said Testator, without Impeachment of Waste, upon the Trusts and for the Purposes therein and herein-after mentioned and subject and charged as in the said Will and herein-before is mentioned, the said Testator gave and devised to Sir Harry Burrard Baronet, William Snell Esquire, and William lacomb Esquire, and their Heirs, all his said Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments with their Appurtenances-, to hold the lame unto the said Sir Harry Burrard, William Snell, and William laccmb, and their Heirs,to the Uses, upon the Trusts, for the Intents and Purposes, and under and lub. je& to the Powers and Provifces therein-after limited, declared and contained and in Part herein-after mentioned of and concerning the same (that is to say) to the Use of Robert Knight (therein called his the said Testator's Son, or reputed Son of his Body begotten on the Body of the said Jane Davies) for his Life without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to the Use of the said Sir Harry Burrard, William Snell, and William lacomb, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Robert Knight, in Tiult to support the contingent Uics and Estates therein-after deviled; Remainder to the Use of the F rft and every other Son of the Body of the said Robert Knight, severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of the Did Henry Ralegh Knight, lor his Life without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to the Use of the last named Tniftees and (heir Heirs during the Life of the said Henry Ralegh Knight, in Trust to support the contingent Uses and Estates ihercin-aher deviled; Remainder to the Use of the Fit ft and every other Son of the Body of the said Henry Ralegh Knight, severally and successively according to their irefpettive Seniorities in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of all and every other the Son and Sons of the Body of the said Testator on the Body of the said Jane Davies begotten or to be begotten (provided the fame should be born in his the said Testator’s Life-time, or within Nine Months next after his Decease), severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of Jane Davies otherwise Knight (therein called the Daughter or reputed Daughter of the Body of the said Testator on the Body of the said Jane Davies begotten) for h^r Life without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to the Use of the last named Trustees and their Heirs during the L fe.of his the said Testator’s said Daughter or reputed Daughter Jane Davies otherwise Knight, in Trust to preservethe contingent Uses and Estates therein-after deviled; Remainder to cheUleof the First and every other Son of the Body of his the said Testatcr’s said reputed Daughter Jane Davies, other wise Knight 3 severally 7 and

48» GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

and successively according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male? Re* mainder to the Use of the Fiift and every other Daughter of the Body of the said Robert Knight, severally and successively according to th ir respective Seniorities in Tail Male; Remainder to the U!e of the First and every other Daughter of the Body of the said Henry Ralegh Knight, feve a'ly and successively according to their rc-fptdive Seniorities in Tail M 1; Remainder to the Use of Henrietta Matilda Knight, (therein also called the Daughter or reputed Daughter of the Body of the said Telfator on the Body of the said Jane Davies the Mother begotten) for her Life wi houe Impeachment of Waste , Remainder to the Use of the 1ft named Trustees and their Heirs during the Life of the said Henrietta Matilda Knight, in Trust topreserve the contingent Uses and Estates therein-after dcvifd; Remainder to the Use of the First and every other Son of the Bo of the said Henrietta Matilda Knight, severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; Rrmainder to the Use of the First and every other Son and Sons, or reputed Son and Sons of the Body of the said Testator on the Body of the said Jane Davies the Mother, to be be* gotten severally and successively acccording to their respective Seniorities in Tail general; Remainder to the Use of the First and eve>y other Daughter of the Body of the said Jane Knight, his the said Testator’s said Daughter or reputed Daughter severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of the First and every other Daughter of the Body of the said Henrietta Matilda Knightj 'his the said Testacor’s said other Daughter or reputed Daughter severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male, Remainder to the Use of the First, Second, and all and every other Daughter of the said Testator’s Body, on the Body of the said Jane Davies, then living with him, begotten or to be begotten and to be born during his Life, or within Nine Calendar Months next after hisDc cease, severally and successively according to their respective Seniorities in Tail General; and the said Testator thereby declared that the Devise of the said Mano s and Premises to the said William Hood for the said Term of One thousand Years, was upon the Trusts and for the Purposes therein and herein-after mentioned (that is to say) that in case the said Testator should leave any Child or Children by the said Jane Davies, living at his the said Testator's Death, or born within Nine Months after his Decease other than an eldtft br only Son, then that the said William Hood, his Executors, Admimftra-tors or Assigns, should by and out of the Rents and Profits of the Premises comprized in the said Term or by Sale or Mortgage of a competent Part thereof, for all or any Part of the said Term, raise, levy, and pay the principal Sum of Ten thousand Pounds apiece for the Benefit of each such Child (except an eldest or only Son) to be paid to the Sons at the Age of Twenty-one Years, and to the Daughters at that Age or upon the Days of their respective Marriages; and the said Testator directed the said Wil-Ham Hood out of the Rents and Profits of the said Hereditaments and Premises to raise such annual Sums as are therein mentioned for the Maintenance and Education of such younger Children during their respective Minorities; and in case all his the said Testatoi's Children by the said Jane Davies, should die under the Age of Twenty-one Years, without leaving Blue living or in being at his or their Death, the fail Testator charged his said Manors and other Hereditaments with the Payment of certain Annuities in the said Will particularly mentioned, and lubj d tftweto'and to the Remedies thereby given for obtaining the Payment thereof.

48° GEORGII I. XL Cap. 117.

of, and in Default of fucivlffue as afore laid, the Lid Tf-staror cave and deviftd his laid Manors and other Here it.iments to the several Uses, and in the Manner therein-afccr expitiled and contained; and the said Eef-tator did by his laid Will au henze and empower the several and rrtper-tive Per ions who by virtue of his laid Will should be mrirled to an Estate for Life in Possession in the Premises therem-before lipm^d by any Deed or Writing to bt executed a therein mentioned, 10 limit a d appoint an Annuity or Kent Charge of Six hundred Pounds to be iifui g out of all or a competent P<irt oi his said Manors and other Hereditaments (except his Manor of Edjione and the Messuages, Lands, Tenement', and Hereditaments, thereto belonging) to and for the Use of ary Woman they should respectively happen to marry, for the L’fe of such Woman for her Jointure, and to grant and limit Powers of Entry and Dniiefs for recovering the fame, and any Term or Terms for Years for better securing the Payment thereof :^And whereas, the said Robert Earl of Gather!ough executed a Codicil to his said Will, bt-aiing Date the Twenty-fourth D «y of February One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, and thereby after reciting that he had agreed with NewJdm Peers Esquire, for the Purchase of an Estate situate in the County of Warwick, and directing that the said Purchase should be completed and the said Eft.ue conveyed to the U es in his said Will contained, concerning the Manors and other Heredilaments thereby deviled, did in all other Re pe&s ratify and confirm his laid Will And whereas the said Teitator departed this Life on or about the Thirtittb Day of March One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, leaving the said Robert Knight the First Son or reputed S n of his Body determined by the said Jane Davies, and the laic! Henry Ralegh Knight, Jane Knight, and Henrietta Matilda Knight, his only other Childrcn or repined Children, by the said Jane Dvies, him surviving: And whereas the said Jane Davies the Mother afterwardsaffumed the Sumame of Knight, and hath sincedeparted this Life: And whereas the said Robert Knight, Henry Ralegh Knight, Jane Knight9 and Htnrietla Matilda Knight, have severally attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, and the said Robert Knight is the First adulc Tenant in Tail, under the said Will of the said Robert Earl of Catkerlough, and all Sum and Sums of Money which became raifable under or by virtue of the Trusts of the Did Term of One thousand Years, and to which the said Henry Ralegh Knight, Jane Knight, and Henrietta Matilda Knight, became endtleb under or by virtue of the lame Trusts have been long since raised and paid: And whereas by an Indenture tripartite, bearing Date the Ninth Day of June One thomand seven hundred and ninety-one, and made between the said Robert K ight of the First Parr, the Right Honourable Charles Dormer, Lord Dormer, and the Honourable Frances Dormer Spin-fter. One of the Daughters of the said Charles Lord Dormer, then an Infant under the Age ot Twenty one Y*-ars of the Second Part, and James Lockhart the younger, Esquire, and John Ingram Lockhart Esquire of the Third Part, in Consideration of a Marriage then intended, and soon after solemnized between the said Robert Knight and Frances Dormer, and for other the Consideracions therein mentioned, the said Robert Knight in pursuance of the Power given to him by the said recited Will, did grant, limit, appoint, assure, and confirm unto the said Frances Dormer, from and immediately after the Decease of the said Robert Knight, for and during the Term of the natural Life of the said Frances Dormer, in case the said then intended Marriage between them should take Effect, and fhc should happen to furyiye him, one Annuity or Yearly Rem Charge of Six

hundred

48° GEORG G11 III. Cap. 117.

hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain free from Land Tax and all other Taxes and Deductions whatsoever to be issuing out of certain Messuages and other Hereditaments therein particularly described (being such of the Messuages. Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments compelled in, and deviled by the Lid Will of the said Robert Ea 1 of Catberlough, as are therein mentioned, to be situated in the County of Montgomery') to hold the said Annuity or yearly Rent Charge of Six hundred Pounds to the said Frances Dormer and her Assigns, from and immediately after the Decease of the said Robert Knight, for the Term of her natural Life, payable as therein mentioned, vv;th usual Powers of Distress and Entry and Detention of Possession and Perception of Rents and Profits for compelling Payment of the lame Annuity or Rent Charge when in Arrear; and for better securing the Payment of the said Annuity or Rent Charge of Six hundred Pounds, and in pursuance and further Exercise of the Powers and Authorities therein-before mentioned and referred to, the said Robert Knight d;d grant, bargain, fell, limit, and appoint unto the said James Lockhart 2nd John Ingram Lockhart, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all the said Messuages and other Hereditaments therein-fcefore mentioned and described, with their Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto the said James Lockhart and John Ingram Lockhart, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the Solemnization of the said then intended Marriage, for the Term of Two thousand Years (subject to the said Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge of Six hundrcd Pounds, and the Remedies therein-before limited for the Recovery thereof) upon certain Trulls therein-afeer contained, for better securing the Payment of the fame Annuity or Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds when in A rrcar; and it is in and by the said Indenture (amongst: other Things) provided and declared, that after the Decease of the said Frances Dormer and Payment of all Arrears of the said Annuity or Yearly Rent, and all Expences occasioned by Non-payment of the fame, the said Term of Two thousand Years of and in the several Hereditaments therein-before mentioned, or of and in so much and such Parts thereof as should not have been disposed of for the Purposes aforesaid, should cease and be void: And whereas the Marriage between the said Robert Knight and Frances Dormer was solemnized on or about the Twelfth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, and there hath been Issue between them one Son, namely Henry Knight, who hath since died an Infant and without Issue, and Two Daughters now living, namely Frances Elizabeth Knight, now of the Age of Fifteen Years or thereabouts, and Georgtana Knight, now of the Age of Six Years or thereabouts, and no other Child: And whereas the said Jane Knight intermarried with Benjamin Bond Hopkins, of the Parish of Saint George, Hanover Square, in the County of Middlesex. Esquire, and the said Benjamin Bond Hopkins hath since departed this Life without Issue by the said Jane Knight: And whereas the said Jane, the Widow of the said Benjamin Bond Hopkins afterwards intermarried with, and is now the Wife of Charles Fuller, of Philberds, in the County of Berks, Esquire: And whereas there is no lffiie of the said Jane Fuller, or of the said Henry Ralegh Knight: And whereas the said Henrietta Matilda Knight intermarried with, and is now the Widow of Michael br.pey, lace a Major in His Majesty's Sixth Regiment of Foor, deceased, and the said Henrietta Matilda impey had Issue by the said Michael Impey Three Sons, namely, Henry Ralegh Impey, John Sawrey impey, and Michael Elijah Impey, and Three Daughters, namely, Henrietta Matilda Impey, Fiances impey, and Ma^ [Loe* Ss9 Per.J 25 ria

22JO

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

rla Impey, and no other Child: And whereas the Paid Maria Impey hath departed this Life an Infant: And whereas the Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, and other Hereditaments particularly mentioned and described in the said First Schedule to this Act annexed, are Part of the Estates which now Hand lettled to the Uses of the said Will of the said Robert Eari oICather-lough, as herein-before is mentioned, and several Parcs of the said Manors, Messuages, and other H-redhaments in the said First: Schedule, mentioned to be situated in the County of Warwick, li*; detached from the Family Mansion and Residence ot Barrett*, in the said County of Warwick, and intermixed with the Lands and Estates of other Persons, and the other Parts of the Manors, Me Usages, and other Hereditaments, in the fame Schedule, mentioned to be fuuatein the said County of Warwick, and in the said Counties of Middlesex and Montgomery, lie at a very considerable Diltance from the Family Mansion and Residence; and it would be for the Benefit of the several Persons interfiled in the fame Estates, if the said several Manors, Messuages, and other Hereditaments particularly mentioned and described in the said First Schedule were veiled in Trustees to be sold, and thr Monies arising from the Sale thereof inverted in the Purchase of other Estates, to be lettled to such of the Uses by the said Will of the said Robert Earl-of CatherLu^h, limited or contained of and concerning the Manors and other Hereditaments thereby devised as are now undetermined or capable of taking Effect; but by Reason of the Limitations contained in the said Will of the said Robert Earl of Catherloughy the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said Robert Knight, as well for himself as his said Infant Children, and the said Henry Ralegh Knight, Charles Fuller, and Jane his Wife, and the said Henrietta Matilda Impey, Widow, for herself, and for her said Infant Children, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may been acted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That The Manors all and singular the Manors, MdTuages, Farms, Lands Tenements, Woods, and other He- Rents, and Hereditaments particularly described in the Schedule to this dercHi'e^in Ad annexed intituled, The First Schedule, and also all and Angular Houses, the FirilSche- Out-hoofes, Edifices, Buildings, Gardens, Timber and other Trees, Ways, the Appurte- Paths, Passages, Ealements, Waters, Watercourses, Liberties, Privileges, nances,1 <h\H Hereditaments, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the kmc Manors, Mcf-Truste«d m fudges, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so described in the said First Schedule, or to any of them, or any Part thereof belonging or in any wise appertaining, or with the fame or any of them, or any Part thereof now or at any Time heretofore held, used, occupied, or enjoyedor accepted, reputed, deemed, taken, or known as Part, Parcel, or Member therof,or of any Part thereof, shall, from and after the passing of this A cl, be veiled in and settled upon George Wingfield Sparrow, of Montague Street. Russell Square^ in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, and William Wingfield ot Lincoln's-Jnn, in the same County, Esquire, and the same are hereby from henceforth veiled in and settled upon the said George Wingfield Sparrow and William Wingfield, their Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of them the said George Wingfield Sparrow and William Wingfield, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, freed and absolucely discharged, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and against all and Angular the Uses, Estates, Intails, Remainders, Limitations, Charges, Trulls, Powers, Prsvifoes, Declarations, and Agreements

12.71

48° GEORGII III. Cap.n-j.

ments limited, expressed, or contained in or by the said Will and Codicil of the said Robert Earl of Catherlough, but upon the Trulls and ro and for the Ends, Intents, and Purposes htrein-after expressed and declared j that is to lay, upon Trull, that they the said George Wingfield Sparrow and upo, Trurtfo William Wingfield, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of sell the same. such Survivor do, and shall as soon as conveniently may be, with the Approbation of the said Robert Knight during his Life, and after his De-cca.'e of the Person or Persons who according to the Uses limited or contained in and by the said Will of the j id Robert Earl of Catherlough, would for the Time being have been beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premises hereby veiled and fertled as aforesaid if this Act had not been made, or if any such Person or Persons shall be an Infant or Infants, then with the Approbation of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians to be test'.fied by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, make Sale and dispose of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments hereby veiled and settled as aforesaid, or any Part thereof respectively, either together or in Parcels, and by publick Auction cr private Contract, unto any Person or Peifor.s whomsoever, fur the bell Price or Prices in Money that can at the Time of such Sale or Sales be reasonably obtained for the fame, and upon Payment into the Bank, in Manner herein-after mentioned of the Purchase Money for which the fame Hereditaments and Premises or any Pait thereof shall be so fold, do and shall convey and assure the fame Hereditaments so to be sold and disposed of unto and to the tJfe of the Pi.rchafer or Purchasers thereof respectively, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, cr as he, she, or they shall direct or appoint.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums ThiMomcs of Money which shall arise from the Sales to be made in purfu* ance of this Act shall be paid, by the Person or Persons to whom b^paiifiata such Sales shall be made, into the Bank of England in the Name the and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court uid ou^irTthe of Chancery in England, to be placed to his Account there ex parte PutcJwf-of the Purchasers of the Estates of Robert Earl of Catherlough deceased, pur- Jo b^fttrW fuantto the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign to such of the of King George the First, Chapter the Thirty-second, and the general wnioftbe Rules and Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward according said Earl cf to the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-fourth, there to remain until the fame shall, upon a Petition to be thenfUbftft-preferred to the said High Court of Chancery in a summary Way by the inS-Person or Persons who according to the Uses limited by the said Will of the said Robert Earl of Catherlough would for the Time being have been beneficially entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Manors, Messuages, and other Hereditaments hereby veiled and settled as aforesaid if this Act had not been made, if such Person or Persons shall be of full Age, but if such Person or Persons shall be under the Age of Twenty-one Years, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, be laid out in the Purchase or Purchases of Freehold Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which may respectively be approved of by the said Court of Chancery as being convenient to be holden or enjoyed with the Manors and Hereditaments devised by the said Will of the said Robert Earl of Catherlough not hereby made sale-abiej and upon or from and immediately after the making such Purchase

or

The Money, till inverted i the Pur.

Estates, laid out ir Navy Bills,

afya 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

or Purchases, the Manors, Messuage?, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased, shall be conveyed, settled, and a flared, to, upon, for, with, under, and subject to such, and so many of the Uses, Trusts, Intents, Purposes, Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, and Declaraiions in and by the said Will of the said Robert Earl of Catherlough limited, cxprcffed, or declared of or concerning the said Manors and ocher Hereditaments so devised by the fame Will as aforesaid, as shall be then subsistingor capable of taking Effect. or as near thereto as Circumstances will admit, but so that such Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments so to be purchased and settled, shall not, nor shall any of them, be subject to or charged or chargeable with the Jointure of the said Frances Knight, or with the said Annuity of Three hundred Pounds, by the said in Part recited Will deviled to the said Henry Ralegh Knight, and thereby charged upon the said Manor and other Hereditaments of and in Edfione aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which shall be paid into the said Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General chafeof other in Manner herein-before directed, or so much thereof as shall not be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be applied in the Payment of Costs and Expences according to the Directions herein-after contained, *c- shall in the mean Time and until the fame Monies shall be inverted

in the Purchase of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as aforesaid, be from Time to Time laid ouc in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling or Transport Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and ihe Interest arising from the Money so laid out in the said Navy or Victualling or Transport Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they shall be respectively paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General, in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling or Transport Bills or Exchequer Bills, all which said Navy and Victualling Bills, and Transport and Exchequer Bills, shall be deposited in the said Bank, in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until the same shall upona Petition to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery in a summary Way, by or on Behalf of the Person or Persons who for the Time being would be entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so to be purchased, in case the fame were then actually pui chafed and settled, be Ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General for the completing any Purchase hereby authorized to be made as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Court shall direct; and if the Money arising by the Sale of any such Navy, Victualling, Transport or Exchequer Bills shall exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money so laid out in the Purchase thereof as aforesaid, then and in that Cafe only the Surplus which shall remain, after difehafaring the Expences of the Application to the Court, shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively, as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments directed to be purchased in case the fame had been purchased pursuant to this Act, or to the Reprefema-tives of such Person or Persons.

The Court of

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful Chancery to for the said Court of Chancery from Time to Time, if to the fame Court Order3fcr it shall seem meet, to make an Order for the taxing or settling all Costs, taxing the Charges, and Expences, which shall have been incurred preparatory to, Act*&«!blS or in applying for and obtaining and passing this Act, and in making the several

48° GEORGII >111. Cap. 1,17. *73

several Applications to the ft id* Court in Purfunnce hereof, and in tnyeftkg all or any t.f the Monies which under this Act fh.nlI, be paid into thsef fiid Bank in the Pyre ha fe; of Lands and Hereditaments and of settling-the fame Lands and Hereditaments, according to the Directions herein contained, or otherwise in carrying the Irufts and Purposes of this Act into Execution; and also from Time to Time to make an Order, if to the said Court it shall seem fit, for Payment of all such Colls,

Charnrs, and Fxpeaces as aforesaid, out of the Monies which shall be so paid into the: Bank as aforesaid, or out of the Monies arising by Sale of the Navy, Victualling, Transport, or Exchequer Bills to be purchased as aforesaid, and to make all such further and other Orders as (JpU be, uecef-lary and expedient for carrying the Trulls and Purpoits of this Act into Execution.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of Account the said Accountant General, together with die Receipt or Receipts oi

One of the Cashiers of the Bank, to be thereto annexed and therewith '»« pai-i filed in the Register Office of the said Court oi Chancery ob and for the_ "o ‘

Payment-into the Bank of England, by the Pure baler or.Pu^chafers of the iMciuurgis. Hereditaments hereby authorized to be laid of hL%.her, r thtitPurchafe Monies respectively filall from Time to Time be and be deemed to* be good and eiied.ua 1 Discharges to such X*Urc haler or purchasers, and to his, her, and their respective Heirs, Executors, Aduiinihracors and Aligns, (or the said Purchase Monies, or so much thereofv/or which,-/uch Certificates and Receipts shal) be relpeflively given, anti after filing such Gertificatrs and Receipts as aforesaid, such Purchaser-. c>f Purchasrs shall be ?bfo-kltely acquitted and discharged of and from the same Monies, and shall not be answerable or accountable for any Lois, Misapplicaiion, or Non-application thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time and until such Until the S<:e

Sales shall be made as aforesaid of the Hereditaments hereby authorized t

to be sold, they the Lid George Wingfield Sper mo, and William Wingfield, Tmit tv

and tire Survivor of'them, and his Heirs and Assigns, shall hand and b leifed of the fame Hereditaments or such P.irt or Parts thereof as for the by tire Perform Time being shall remain unfold, in Trull for and shall 'permit and fuller the Rents and Profits thereof to be received and taken by such Person or £ '"t‘ ‘ *’ Persons as would respectively have been entitled to the said Hereditaments and ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, and received and taken the Rems and Profits thereof, in case this Act :ad not been made.

VII. And whereas the said Manor and Hereditaments of and in Edfione After thesa’e aforesaid, may by-the Operation of this Act be discharged from the Lid and Herldit^. Annuity of Three hundred Pounds by the said in Part recited Will of the mem* ot and said Robert Kail of Cat her lough, made payable out of the same to the Her ?y Ralegh said Henry Ralegh Knight and his Afiig.is during his Life as herein- Knight’* An-before is mentioned and recited , be it therefore further enacted, That per An»um°t'o from and immediately after the said Manor and Hereditaments of and in U charged on Edjlotie aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall he fold and disposed of under

or by virtue of the Powers herein contaioed, and thenceforth during..the ro-idSche-natural Life of the said Henry Ralegh Knight, he the Lid Heuryiiafegh du,le*

Kmght and his Assigns shall have, receive, and rake from and out of t ie Manors and other Hereditaments particularly mentioned ar\d defended in the Second Schedule to this- Act annexed, one Annual Sum or Yeatly [Lee, & Per.] 25 R 4 Rent

2 2 74

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

Rent of Three hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain In lieu of and as a Substitution for the said Annuity of Three hundred Pounds so deviseci to him by the said Will of the said Robert Earl of Cctherlough as aforesaid, to be paid and payable on or at the same Days or Times, and in the fame Shares and Proportions, on or at and in which the said 1 aft-mentioned Annuity is by the said Will made payable; and that he the said Henry Ralegh Knight and his Assigns shall have such and the fame Powers and Kemedies in and over the said Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the said Second Schedule to this Act for recovering and compel-ing Payment of the said Annual Sum or Yearly Rent of Three hundred Pounds hereby charged, and the Arrears thereof and the Expences occasioned by the Non-payment of the fame, as by the said in Part recited Will of the said Robert Earl of Catherlough, are given to him and them in and over the said Manor and Hereditaments of and in Edstone aforesaid, for recovering and compelling Payment of the said Annuity of Three hundred Pounds thereby devised, and the Arrears thereof and the Expences occasioned by the Non-payment of the same.

ThsHrrecHta-

VIII. And whereas the several Messuages and other Hereditaments in

Coun^vof16 fe'd County of Montgomery, charged with the Payment of the said

Montgomery Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds to the said Frances Knight and her v?t'i^aCjoi?.ed Aligns for her Life, and intended to be hereby made saleable, will, noc-tine of 600J. withstanding this Act remain subject to the said Yearly Renr, and to the wRo*->C Power!b Remedies, and Term for Years for recovering and compelling beitKnight} Payment of the fame; and it is expedient that Provision should be made for indemnifying the Persons to whom such last-mentioned Messuages and other Hereditaments or any of them may be fold in respect thereof; be it therefore further enacted, That if the said Messuages and other Hereditaments in the said County of Montgomery, or any Part thereof, shall be fold ♦tie pnrciiafers or disposed of under or by virtue of the Powers herein contained, the said tobeTnfemiU George Wingfield Sparrow and William Wingfield\ and the Survivor of li d agamit them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor shall from fndi jointuie ?ncj *after the Death of the said Robert Knight, for and during the natural drtamems'in Life of the said Frances Knight his Wife, in case (lie shall survive him. Second Sche- have, receive, and take one Annual Sum or Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, clear of all Dcdudions whatsoever. to be paid and payable on or at the same Days or Times, and in the fame Proportions on or at and in which the said Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds secured by the said Indenture of the Ninth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one is thereby made payable, which said Annual Sum or Yeaily Rent of Six hundred Pounds io to be taken and received by the said George Wingfield Sparrow and William Wingfield, is hereby charged and made chargeable upon and issuing and payable from and out of the Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments particularly mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, intituled. The Second Schedule (being the Residue of the Hereditaments not hereby made saleable, which under or by virtue of the said Will of the said Robert Earl of Cat her lough, are authorized to be charged with the Payment of an Annual Sum by Way of Jointure, a’' therein and herein-before is mentioned )i and that m case and when and so often as the said Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds hereby charged shall be in Arrear by the Space of Twenty Days next alter any of the Days or Times on or at which the fame is io made payable as

aforesaid.

2

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

a fore laid, it shall be lawful for the said George Wingfield Sparrow and William Wingfield^ and the Survivor of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor to enter into all or any Part of the Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the said Second Schedule to this Act annexed, and to distrain upon the fame respectively for the said Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds hereby charged thereon, or such Part thereof as shall so be in Arrear, and for all Costs and Expences attending or ccca-Eoned by the Non-payment thereof, as Landlords may for Rent reserved on common Demises or Leases for Years.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds hereby made payable to the said George Wingfield Sparrozv and William Wingfield, and the Survivor of them, and the Executors and Administrators of such Survivor from and out of the said Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the said Second Schedule to this Act, and the Power and Authority hereby given for recovering the fame when in Arrear, is and are so made payable and given respectively for the Purpose of indemnifying the Person or Persons to whom the said Messuages and other Hereditaments in the said County of Montgomery, or any of them, may be fold under or by virtue of the Powers herein-before contained, and his, her, or their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigne, and their respective Estates and Effects, from and against the said Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds so by the said in Part recited Indenture of the Ninth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, charged on the fame Messuages and ether Hereditaments as aforesaid, and the Arrears thereof, and all Sums of Money, Damages and Expences whatsoever, which such Person or Persons, or his, her, or their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Affgns, or their respective Estates or Effects shall or may sustain or incur for or on Account of such last-mentioned Yearly Rent or any Part thereof, and therefore that notwithstanding any Thing herein-before contained it shall not be lawful for the said George Wingfield Sparrow and William Wingfield, or either of them, or their or either of their Executors or Administrators under or by virtue of this Act or the Power or Authority herein contained, to raise or levy all or any Part of the said Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds, hereby charged on the said Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the said Second Schedule to this Act, until the Person or Persons to whom the said Messuages and other Hereditaments in the said County of Montgomery, or any of them may be sold as aforesaid, or his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns respectively, shall by due Course of Law be compelled to pay the said Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds secured by the said in Part recited Indenture of the Ninth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, or some Part thereof, or some Sum or Sums of Money on Account or in respect of the fame, or until the fams Yearly Rent or some Part thereof, or some Sum or Sums of Money on Account or in respect of the fame shall be lawfully levied, charged, or raised upon, from or out of the Messuages, and other Hereditaments fofold, or some Part or Parts thereof-, but if such Eft-mentioned Annual Sum or Yearly Rent, or any Part thereof, or any Sum or Sums of Money on Account or in respect of the fame shall be so levied, charged, or raised, as lastly herein-before is mentioned, then and in such Case, lo often as the famecftsal! happen, it shall be lawful for the said Georgi Wingfield Sparrow and William Wingfield, and the Survivor of them, ami

die

3276 GEORGII III. Gast.a 17.

the Executors and Administ raters of such Surviv r under and by virtue of the Power and Authority hereby given to them and him as aforesaid,

from Time to Time to levy and raise the said Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds hereby charged on the said Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the said Second Schedule to this Act, and the Arrears thereof, or so ranch thereof as shall from Time to Time be sufficienc to pay and facisfy to the Person or Persons by or against whom ct upon, from cr OLt of :\vh.rj|V Lands and Tiereditaments the said Yearly Rent of Six hundred Pounds securtd by the said Indenture of the Ninth Day of June One thou-faqd seven hundred and ninety-one, or any Part thereof, or any Sum or Sums of Money on Account or in Ecfpeft of the same shall be paid, levied, charged, or raised, the fame Yearly Rent, or such Part thereof, or such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be so paid by him or them, ror levied, charged, or raised upon, from cr out of his or their Lands and Hereditaments respectively, and also to levy and raise the Amount of ali Clefts and Expences which such Person or Persons and the said George Wingfield Sparrow and William Wingfield, or any of them, or iheir respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators cr Alligns, shall respectiv.ely incur in or about the Pfemifes, and to pay and apply the Monies so to be levied as Eft-mentioned in Discharge of all such Costs and Expences accordingly.

Tcna'u for 2L Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if Lite an-; the the said Robert Knight, or any other Person or Persons who if this iiT^or'tiis Pi^nc Act had not been made and pa {fed would for the Time being Time beimj have been entitled to an Estate fot Life in PcfTeftion in the Manors and A^e'of iVen- ot'lcr Hereditaments hereby vested and letiled as aforesaid, and Che eldest tySon°e, ii'ii" or only Son, or in Default of a Son or Sons, the eldest or only Daughter ilrt the°Ef ^or til" ^‘me being of the f.:id Robert Knight, or of such other Person or taTes shall not Persons who would for the Time being have been lo entitled as aforesaid be fold, the (such eUvft or only Son, or eltieft: or only Daughter then being of the Age SSceafe!'*8 of Twenty-one Years or upwards), or if any Person who shall be of the Age of Twenty-one Years and upwards, and who, if this present Act had not been made and patted, would for the Time being have been end tied to an Estate in Tail Male or in Tail in Possession in the Manors and other Hereditaments hereby vetted and settled as aforesaid, shall at at any Time or Times before the Whole of the fame Manors and other Hereditaments shall be fold inPurfuance of this Act, be desirous that such of the said Manors and other Hereditaments as for the Time being shall remain unfold, or any Part or Parts thereof shall not be fold, and shall figrtify such their, his, or her DTire by any Writing or Writings under their, his, or her Hands or Hand to the Trust.ee or Trustees for the Time being, for carrying the Trusts of this Act into Execution, then and in every such Case all the Trusts, Intents, Pur poles, Poweis, Provisoes, and Declarations herein-before declared and contained for the Sale of the said Manors and other Hereditaments, shall as to such of the said Manors and other Hereditaments so remaining unfold as shall befodefired not to be sold, absolutely cease, drtermine, and be a an End, and the fame last-mentioned Manors and other Iicredi-tamenrs shall thereupon with all convenient Speed be conveyed by the said Trustees or Trulkc for the Time; being, ro such Uses up^n and for such Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to such Powers, P-rovifots, Declarations and Agreements, as would have been therein respectively subsisting under or by virtue of the said in Part recited Will 6 > tc and

4s* GEORGII III. Cap. 117. 2 3

and Codicil in case this Act had not been made, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if both or either of Power to ap-them the said George Wingfield Sparrow and William Wingfield, or any future Trustee or Trustees who flaall fticceed or shall be appointed in the Stead or Place of them, or either of them, as herein-aher mentioned, shall die, or shall desire to relinquish or shall refute-or decline or become incapable to act in the Trusts or Powers hereby reposed in them or him, or shall go out of Great Britain before the said Trulls shall be fully performed and executed, then and so often r.s any such Case shall happen, it shall be lawful for the said High Court of Chancery in a summary Way, upon the Petition of such Person or Persons as for the Time being would be beneficially inti-led to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments hereby made falcable in case this Act had not been made, or if Inch Person or Persons shall be an Infant or Infants, then upon the Petition of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians from Time to Time to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons to be proposed in the said Petition, cr any other Person or Persons, to be a Trustee or Tiullees in the Stead or Place of the Trustee or Trustees so dying, or desiring to be discharged, or going out of Great Britain, or refusing, declining, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, and when and so soon and as often as any such Trustee or Trustees shall have been nominated and appointed in Manner aforesaid, all the Estates and Powers which shall be then vested in the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged, or refusing, declining) or becoming incapable to act, or going out of Great Britain as aforesaid, either foicly cr jointly with the other Trustee, shall thereupon with all convenient Speed be conveyed and transferred in such Sort and Manner, and so that the fame Estates and Powers shall and may be legally and effftually vested in the furyiving or continuing Trustee thereof, and such new or other Trustee cr Trull es, or in such new Trustees only, as the Case may require, upon the fame Trusts, and for the fame Intents and Purposes, and with and subject to the fame Powers as are herein-before declared or directed to be limited and declared of and concerning the same Estates, or such and lo many of the fame Trusts and Powers as shall be then subsisting or capable of taking Effect, and such new Trustee or Trustees shall and may in all Things aft in the Management, carrying on, and Execution of the Trusts hereby created as fully and effectually, a:id with all the fame Powers a d Authorities to all Intents, Effect?, Coi.Ilruftions, and Purposes whatsoever, as if he or they had been originally by this Act nominated a Tiullee or Tiuitees for the Purposes aforesaid.

XII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and to His saving Cl.-ufci Heirs and Successors, and to the said Frances Knight, the Wife of the said Robert Knight, in respect of her said Jointure Rent Charge of Six hundred Pounds lo tecured to her by the said in Part recited Indenture of the Ninth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, as herein-before is recited, and to the said James Lockhart and John Ingrain Lockhart, their Executors, Adminilir. tors, and ifigns, as such T ultees as in the fame Indenture is mentioned, and to all and every other Persons arid Person, Bodies Politick and Corporate, and his, her, and their Heirs,

Success >rs, Executes, Adminiltia-ors, and AlCgns (other than and ex-[L,oc. Per.] 2$S cept

2278

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

crpt the said Robert Knight, i&wry R.legh Knight, anti Henrietta Matilda Imfeyt Widow, and their several and respective Sons and Daughters begotten and to be begotten, and the several and respective Heirs Male of the Bodies of such Sons and Daughters, and the Heirs of the respective Bodies of them thelaid Robert Knight, Henry Ralegh Knight, and Henri-

- Hta Matilda /^"Widow^nrhche said Charles FulleramSJane his Wile,

ant) the Sons and Daughters of the said Jane, begotten and to be begotten, and the several and respective Heirs Male of their Bodies, and the Heirs of jthe Body <j>f the said Jane, and all and every other Persons and Person (tXcept the said Frances Knight, the Wife of the said Robert Knight, in re-sped of her said Jointure Rent Charge of Six hundred Pounds, and the said ‘James Lockhart and John Ingram Lockhart, their Executors, Admini. strators and Assigns as Inch Trustees as aforesaid, claiming or to claim any R ghr, Tide, or Imertft of, in, to or out of the Manors, Messuag-s, Farms, Lands, and other Hereditaments, hereby veiled and authorized to be sold as af( rdaid, under or by virtue of the said Will of the Lid Robert Earl of Catherlough) all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand what foe ver, cf, in, to, or out of the fame Minors, MdTuages, Farms, Lands, and other Hereditaments, and every or any Part thereof as they, every, or any of them, had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Primer to the the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 2nd a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

Cepv printed by the King’s Printer to be Evidence.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

2279

The SCHEDULES to which i the foregoing ACT refers.

THE FIRST SCHEDULE.

N.IHCT of the Pate

mat Rents. Total Ret

WARWICKSHIRE.

Priory Farm Studley Mill and Land

A Chief Rent belonging to,

Studley Holt Farm Sundry Cottages in Studley Studley Woods Farm at Shrewley Common Farm at Bushwood Common

Chadfhunt Farm - " " t

Fletcher’s Coppice and Lower 1 Coppice in Chadfhunt Wood Jl

Edflone Manor Farm Woods -

Thomas Shaylei

William Holmes -

Nathan Fleming Sundry Tenants I r hand - - - William Woodford -

William Alder and George Cooke Ifl band -

William Defier In hand -

Studley -

Hatton Rockington in the Rough

Chadfhunt 1

;& Gay don.J

tten "1 ten J

3 39

2 36

3 36

317 6

From Lady Day 81 heis to pay Mr. Knight 100L per annum.

Total in Wavwickthire

- a£. 2017 18 jo

MIDDLESEX.

MessuageorTenement, CoachO I Eojf and Stables, N1 22, > Thomas Philipe Go den-square - - J

Ground Rent issuing out of the I House adjoining the above /

Saint James Westminster

Do. Total i

TFrom Lady J Day 1815 Te-Inant to pay L1001 per annum

continued.)

2280

4S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

Names of she Farm.

FIRST SCHEDULE—continued.

MONTGOMERYSHIRE.

John Jones

Gwernygoeand Part of Mounts Nebo, with sundry Allotments and liberty for 600 Sheep to run on Kerry Hills.1

Other Part of Mount Nebo,-\ 1 Cefn y-Benn and Gwenthrvv Farms, with run for 400 f, Ed"r- Cleato" Sheep on Kerry Hills. - J j Cwmearl Farm, with run for Kerry Hills with run for )

Kerry Hills J

Estate of\

mate otr\ 21-lough, I Iks with f

$: o Sheep liahithlon Far:

500 Sheep (

Lands allotted

the late Lord Cathei a.id let as Sheep W; the above Farms

The Birches Tenement Highlands -

Oak Tenement Great Yatt Farm Keven Perva ——

Gilfach - ,

Little Bryn Bedwin Tyn y Pwll and Pea y Bank Gilfach The Cwm Farm Cefn Wigdoor

Richard Arthur Jane Davies -

i li

John Bree John Lewis Richard Lewis John Withers Robert Howels Thomas Morgan John Rowlands David Hamer IJohn Cleaton j Abraham Hamor I Thomas ICinfey -

Kerry Kerry

Do.

Do.

Total in Montgomeryfhir Total in Warwickihire Total in Middlesex

£.

588

256 o 250 o

' Be the several Quantities littje

fe

Total of the First; Schedule -

1796 15,

2017, 18 79 10

£ 3894 3

The

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 117.

THE SECOND SCHEDULE.

WORCESTERSHIRE.

The Manor of OLDBOROUGH.

Chief Rents belonging to the fame Woods and Coppices Harding’s Close Hand near Oldborough Wood Sundry Cottages and small\ Tenements - - - f

Oldborough Hill Farm Tenement at Freemans Green First and Farther Netherlays Oldborough Court Farm -

Barrells Farm, clear of all Taxes Woods and Coppices

Heath Farm in Ullenhall The CatherloughArms in Ul-'N lenhall-street, and a small I house late the Catherlough j Arms - - - - J

Hill Farm, Mount Pleasant,") and Ullenhall - - -/

The Perry Mill -

The Park Farm The Parks, the Bell Inn and ? Hands in Henley - - J

In hand In Hand with Barrells Thomas Walford - Sundry Tenants Thomas Gilbert Benjamin Applebee - - Do. -

William Page -

Olborough

Do.

Do.

Do.

WARWICKSHIRE.

In hand -

Do. { Do. Wootten Wawen J Do.

Benjamin Applebee Do.

Francis Heming Do.

Mary Greaves - Do.

James Monro Do.

Joseph Ward - Thomas Ghambevline John White - - Do. Beaudefert Do & Wootten Wawen

Number of Acres. Annual Rents. Total Rents.

IRE.

A. R. P.

2 17 2

117 3 39 53 0 0

2 i 32 8 s 26 44c

3 0 0 3 r3 0

205 2 2 140 O O f Let with Grow-

} - - j leys Farm in

24° 3 35 L Warwickshire.

orcestershire - £ 403 13 3

HE.

50 0 c

260 2 31 300 0 0

14 0 37 6 6 0

182 2 22 ifijr 0 0 fThis Rent in-J eludes the

74 0 0 60 O O,) 31 a. or 19 r. km Oldborough.

0 0 ax 0 0

98 1 18 80 0 0

550

147 1 18 171 6 0

1 e; 54 0 8

Total in War wick shire

/"Be the fevc-’x J ral Ouanti- (

| ties little f "

I more or less J

Total of Second Schedule

jas Monro.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s raoft Excellent Majesty. 1808.

{Lee. Ss" Fer.] 25 T

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 118.

An Act for enabling the Trustees under the Will of William Bankes Esquire, deceased, to change the Order of Sale of the Real Estates late of the said William Bankes; and for enabling the Devisees, under the Will of the said William Bankes, to grant Leases of such Part of his Estates as shall remain unfold, [18th ’June 1808.]

WHEREAS William Bankes, late of Winstanley in the County of w;jl t f w51_ Lancaster Esquire, deceased, by his last Will and Testament Ham Bankes, in Writing duly executed and attested for the Devise of Lands E^"re’h <.ep, of Inheritance, and bearing Date on or about the Seventh Day of Sep- tember 179S. tember One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, gave and devised all his Manors, or reputed Manors, capital and other Messuages, Farms,

Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, and Real Estate whatsoever, which he was seised of or entitled unto in Possession, Reversion,

Remainder; or Expectancy, or of which the said Testator had in any Manner a Power or Right to dispose, with their and every of their Rights,

Members, and Appurtenances, unto James Stanley of Lincoln's-Inn in the County of Middlesex Esquire, and the Reverend George Heron, of Dare/-bury in the County of Chester Clerk, their Heirs and Assigns, to hold unto the said James Stanley and George Heron, and their Heirs and Assigns for ever, upon the Trulls nevertheless and to and for the Ends, Intents, and Purposes in the said last Will and Testament and in Part herein-after expressed (that is to say) upon Trull and Confidence mat his said Trup_ tees should, as soon after his Death as conveniently might be, by Sale 0£ all or any Part of his said Estates in Manner in his said Will and here;n_

\Loe, Ss* 25 U afier

48° GEORGGII III. Cap. 118.

after mentioned, raise or procure a sufficient Sum of Money for the Payment of such of his Debts and of the several Legacies by his said Will? or by any Codicil or Codicils annexed thereto, give and bequeath as his Personal Estate and Effects, or the Produce thereof not specifically given or disposed of by his Will should not extend or be sufficient to pay; and in the making of such Sale the Testator directed his Estates at Houghton to be first fold, and in the next Place his Estate at Poulton, and after that his Estate at Billinge, and then his Estate at Newton if necessary , and in case the Money to arise by Sale of those Estates should be insufficient for the Purposes in his said Will and herein-before mentioned, the said Testator ordered and directed his Estates at Orrell arid Pemberton, or a competent Part thereof, to be sold; and last of all, if necessary, a competent Parc of his principal Manor and Estate at Winstanley aforesaid to be sold or disposed of: And as to such or so much or such Parts of his said Manors and Estates as should not be sold or disposed of for the Purposes in his said Will mentioned, in Trust that the said James Stanley and George Heron and their Heirs and Assigns should stand seised thereof to the Ule and Behoof of his Kinsman the Reverend 'Thomas Holme of Upholland in the said County of Lancaster Clerk (since deceased) and his Assigns for the Term of his natural Life, with Remainder to Meyrick Bankes of Winstanley aforesaid Esquire, eldest Son of the said Thomas Holme (by his the said Meyrick Bankes’% then Name of Meyrick Holme) and his Assigns, for the Term of his natural Life; with Remainder to the said James Stanley and George Heron in Trust to support the contingent Remainders by the said Testator’s Will^limited from being defeated or destroyed; with Remainder to the First and all and every other Son and Sons of the said Meyrick Bankes severally and successively in Tail Male; with Remainder to Frederick William Holme of Upholland in the County of Lancaster Clerk, for his Life; with Remainder to the said James Stanley and George Heron, in Trust to support and preserve the contingent Remainders during his the said Frederick William Holme's Life; with Remainder to the First and all and every other Son and Sons of the said Frederick William Holme severally and successively in Tail Male; with Remainder to John Holme of Manchester in the said County of Lancaster Esquire for his Life, with Remainder to the said James Stanley and George Heron in Trust to support and preserve the contingent Remainders during his (the said John Holme's Life) with Remainder to the First and all and every other Son and Sons of the said John Holmes severally and successively in Tail Male; with Remainder or Reversion to the said Testator’s own right Heirs; and the said Testator nominated, constituted, and appointed the said James Stanley and George Heron Executors of his said last Will and Testament: And whereas no Powers of Leafing are granted by the said Will: And whereas the said William Bankes the Testator, departed this Life on or about the Thireenth Day of February, in the Year One thousand eight hundred, without having akered or revoked his said herein-before in Part recited last Will and Testament, leaving the said Thomas Holme his Cousin and Heir at Law: And whereas by a Decree of the High Court Chancery, made and pronounced on or about the Twenty-third Day of July in the Year One thousand eight hundred, in a Cause in which the said Thomas Holme and others were Complainancs, and the said James Stanley and George Heron were Defendants, it was declared that the said hereinbefore in Part recited Will of the said William Bankes the Testator ought to be established, and the Trusts thereof performed and carried into 2 Execution;

48° GEORGII UR Cap. 118.

Execution; and by the said Decree it was among other Things ordered,that in case the Personal Estate of the said Testator not specificaliy bequeathed should not be sufficient with the Monies that might &rife by Sale of the said Testaror’s Real Estates contracted to be sold in his Life-time for the Payment of the said Testator’s Debts and Legacies, the Deficiency should be raised by Sale of the said Testator’s Real Estate devised in Trust to be sold, or such Part or Parts thereof as the Mailer to whom the said Cause was referred should think proper, in the Order and Manner in which such Estates were by the said Testator’s Will directed to be sold, and the usual Directions were given for effecting such Sale, and it was ordered, that the Money to arile by such Sale should be paid into the Bank, with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to be there placed to the Credit of the said Cause; the Account of Money arising by Sale of the Testator’s Effaces devised in Trust to be sold: And whereas by Indenture, bearing Date on or about the Thirtieth Day of December in the Year One thousand eight hundred and two, and made or expressed to be made between the said Thomas Holme of the First Part $ Mary Meyrick Holme of Upholland aforesaid Spinfler, Harriet Holme of the same Place Spinfttr, the Reverend George Borlaje of the University of Cambridge, Bachelor in Divinity, and Ann his Wife, and Burgh Leighton Esquire, a Major in His Majesty's Land Forces, and Captain of the Fourth or Queen’s own Regiment of Dragoons, and Jane his Wife (which said Mary Meyrick Holme, Harriet Holme, Ann Borlafe, and Jane Leighton were described as 'the Four surviving Daughters of the said Thomas Holme by Mary his late Wife deceased) of the Second Part; and Robert Holt Leigh, of Whitley, in the said County of Lancaster Esquire, and the Reverend Streynsham Master of Croston in the same County Clerk, of the Third Parr, for the Considerations in the Indenture now in recital expressed, all that the Remainder or Reversion in Fee after and expeClanf on the Determination of the several U.es and Estates for Life and in Tail respectively limited by the Will of the said William Banker deceased, as herein-before recited, of and in all and singular the Manors, or reputed Mano s, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments comprised in and devised by the fame Will, with their and' every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, subject to the Trusts for Sale and for Payment of Debts and Legacies contained in the said recited Will of the said William Banker, was conveyed and allured by the said Thomas Hohne to the said Robert Holt Leigh, and Streynsham Master, to the Uses and for the Ends, Intents and Purposes, in the Indenture now in recital and h< rein-after limited and expressed of and concerning the same (that is to say) as to the Reversion or Remainder in Fee thereby granted ot and in Two-fourth Parts, the Whole into Four equal Parts, being considered as divided, of and in all and singular the Manors Messuages, Lar ds, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises in the Indenture now in recital and herein-before mentioned, to the Use of the said Mary Meyrick holme and Harriet Holme, as Tenants in common and not as Joint Tenants, and to their respective Heirs and Alligns for ever; and as to the said Remainder or Reversion in Fee of and in One other Fourth-part of and in all and singular the said Manors, Messuages, Lands. Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, to the Use of such Person or Persons for such Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests, by way of Legacy, Annuity, Rent Charge, or other wile, and in such Parcs, Shares, and Proportions, and upon such T.ulU and for such Ends, Intents and Purposes,

5:287

2 2 88 $1? G.EO EG 11! III. Cap. 118,

and charged and chargeable in such Manner, and either absolutely of conditionally, apd.subjeflt to such Powers of Revocation and of new Appointment and o', her Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements, as the said Ann Bcrlafe at any Time or Times, and from Time to Time, during and notwithstanding her said Coverture, or at any Time thereafter, whether foie or married, by any Deed or Deed^, Instrument or Iriftru-ments in Writing, to be lealed and delivered by her, in the Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, or by her lad Will and Testament in Writing or any Writing in the Nature of and purporting to be her last Will and Testament, or by any Codicil or Codicils thereto c be severally and respectively signed and published by her in the Presence of Three or more credible Witnesses, and to be atrested in her Presence by the fame Witnesses should direct, limit, and appoint; and inDefauIt of such Direction, Limitation, or Appointment, and in the mean Time subject thereto to the Use of the said Ann Borlafe, her Heirs and Assigns for ever; and as to and concerning the Reversion or Remainder of and in the remaining Fourth-part, the whole into Four equal Parts being considered as divided of and in all and singular the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments and Premises, to the Use of such Per-ibn and Persons for such Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests, byway of Legacy, Annuity, Rent Charge, or otherwise, and in such Parcs, Shares, and Proportions, and upon such Trusts and for such Ends, Intents and Purposes, and charged and chargeable in such Manner, and either abfo-iutely or conditionally, and subject to such Power of Revocation and of new Appointment, and other Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements, as the said Jane I.eirhun..zt any Time or Times and from Time to Time during and notwithstanding her laid Coverture, or at any Time thereafter, and whether foie or married, by any Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments in Writing, to be sealed and delivered by her in the Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, or by her lad Will and Testament, or any Codicil or Codicils thereto, to be severally and respectively signed and published by her in the Presence of Three or more credible Witnesses, and to be attested in her Presence by the fame Witnesses, should direct, limit, or appoint; and in Default of such Direction, Limitation, and Appointment, and in the mean Time subject thereto to the Use of the said Jane Leighton, her Heirs and Assigns for ever: And whereas the Laid Estates late of the said Testator William Bankes} deceased. situate at Houghton aforesaid, were contracted to be sold by the said Testator in his Lifetime, and the said Estates situate at Foulton aforesaid have been fold under the said Decree, and the Purchase Money arising from such Sales, and the Produce and Proceeds of the said Tef-tator’s Personal Estate not spetiftcally bequeathed, have been applied in Payment and Discharge of the said TestatorDebts and of Tome of his Legacies, so far as the fame Purchase Money and Produce respectively would extend; but Debis to an Amount not exceeding Four hundred Pounds and legacies to the Amount of Eight thousand five hundred Pounds or thereabouts, with some Iaterest due thereon, remain to be paid and satisfied, and for Payment thereof it will be peceflary to proceed to the Sale of some of the Estates late of the said IVUUam Bankes the Testator which were devised as aforesaid and remain unfold: And whereas the said Estate at Billinge, directed b.y the Will of the said William Bankes deceased, to be sold after the-laid Eftatqj at Houghton and Pouhon, is contiguous

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

tlguous or near to, and in some Part adjoins to demesne Lands of the capital Messuage or ?dansion House late of the said William Bankes, deceased, situate at Winftaniey aforesaid; and it would be very advantageous to the Persons for the Time being entitled to the said capital Meffii-age or Mansion-house to retain and enjoy the said Estate at Billinge with the said Estate at Winftaniey, and it is also more eligible to rerain the said Estate at Newton, and to proceed to the Sale of the said Testator*s Estate at Orrell aforesaid instead thereof, as a Part only of the said Estate at Newton aforesaid would necessarily be fold, whereby the Residue of such Estate would' be greatly deteriorated in Value: And whereas the said William Bankes, deceased, was at. the Date and Publication of his said last Will, and at his Death seised of or entitled to several small detached Mef-'fuages. Farms, and Hereditaments, or some undivided Part or Share thereof or other Interest therein, situate, lying and being in the several Townships or Places of Southworth with Croft, I’/oolflon with Martins-croft, Orford and Warrington in the said County of Lancaster, and in Backford in the County of Ckejier: And whereas the Money arising from the Sale of the said last-mentioned Messuages, Lands, and Hereditament?, and of the said Testator’s Estates at Orre'l aforesaid, together with the Sum of One hundred and thirty-five Pounds Two Shillings and Three-pence, Three Pounds per Centum, Consolidated Bank Annuities, and Sixty Pounds Ten Shillings and Ten-pence, Cash unapplied and now in Court to the Credit of the before mentioned Cause, is applicable to the Discharge of such of the Debts and Legacies of the said William Bankes, deceased, as still remain unpaid: And whereas the said Thomas Holmes departed this Life on or about the Seventeenth Day of August, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three: And whereas the said Meyrick Bankes hath not had any Issue, and the said Frederick William Holme and John Holme respectively are Bachelors: And whereas the Real Estates devised by the said herein-before in Part recited Will of the said William Bankes, deceased, in Manner herein-before mentioned, and situate at Winftaniey, Billinge and Pemberton aforesaid, are situate in a populous and manufacturing Neighbourhood, and several Mines of Coal within and under the fame Estates respectively, or some Part thereof, are now open and in working (the fame having been opened and worked in the Testator's Lifetime) but no Mines have been opened since the said Testator’s Death: And whereas it would tend greatly towards the Improvement of the Estates devised by the said William Bankes as aforesaid, and the Benefit of the respective Persons entitled under the said herein-before in Part recited Will of the said William Bankes deceased, to Estates therein or in such Part of the same as shall from Time to Time remam unfold, if the said Meyrick Bankes and the other Persons for the Time being entitled to the Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the said Estates, or such Parrs thereof as shall so remain unfold after Payment of the said Debt and Legacies, were empowered to grant Leases of the fame (except the principal Mansion House of Winftaniey with the Buildings and demesne Lands belonging to the fame and occupied therewith) for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Fourteen Years, in Possession and not in Reversion, teferving the best and most improved Rent that can or may be gotten for the Premises so to be demised *, and it would like wife tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Persons [Lee* & Per.] 25 X who

32gO

Power to f; the Testator

Estates not speei Really devi'ed, anc the Ertate at Crrell, &c.

Application of Rems urn Estates fold.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. ir3.

who are or shall hereafter become entitled to any Estates or IhterefU' in the said Estates at J Yinftanley, Be Hinge, and Pemberton respectively, or such Parts thereof as iliaii so remain unfold, if Power were given to the said Meyriek Banket- and to the Persons who for the Time being’ shall be in the actual Possession of the said Estates devised by the said William Bankes in such Manner as is hereinbefore mentioned, to grant Leases for a Term of Years of the said Mines* with Power to dig for and work the said Mines, to any Person or Persons willing to accept and take such Leases under such Restrictions as shall be thought expedient and the Nature of the Cafe shall require; but as such Leahs as aforesaid cannot be effectually granted, nor the Older of Sale of the said Real Estates late of the said William Bankes, deceased, varied without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said James Stanley, George Heron, Meyrick Bankes, Frederick William Holme, John Holme, Mary Meyrick Holme, Harriett Holms, George Borlafe and Arm his Wife, and Burgh Leighton and Jane his Wife, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, ll That at any Time after the passing of this Act, the Messuages, Farms and ’s Hereditaments late of the said William Banke , deceased, situate, lying, and being in the several Townships or Places of Orrell Southnoorth, with 1 Croft, Woolston, with Martinfcroft, Orford, and Warrington in the said County of Laneafter, and in Backford in the said County of Chester, and devised by. his said Will, and more particularly mentioned and described in the First Schedule to this Act annexed, may be fold and disposed of, in such Order and Manner as shall be found convenient, and as the said Court of Chancer y shall think fit, without first felling all or any Part of the said Estates late of the said William Bankes the Tellator, situate at Billinge and Newton aforesaid, or either of them, so nevertheless as every such bale shall be made and completed under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery by virtue of an Order for that Purpose- to be made in the said Cause of Holme and others ag.ainst Stanley and another now depending in that Court, and that the Sale or Sales to be so made shall be as good and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as. if such Sale or Sales had been made in the Order and Cdurfe of Priority directed by the Will of the said Testator and the said recited Decree of the High Court of Chancery, and that the Money arifrag from such Sale shall be applicable in the fame Maimer to all Intents and Purposes as the Money to arise from the Sales directed by the hid Will of the said W)lliam Bankes, deceased, and the said Decree reflectively are applicable, and be applied in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the Money to arise from the Sale or Sales to be made by virtue of this Act was Money anting from a Sale or Sales made under or by virtue of and pursuant to the Directions of the said Will and Decree respectively.

II. And be it further- enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That in the mean Time and until the Messuages, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments hereby authorized to be sold and disposed of shall be fold and disposed of under and by virtue of and pursuant to the Provisions of

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 118. 2291

of this Act, the Rents and Profits of the said MelF-iages, Farms, Land?, and Hereditaments, or such Parc or Parts thereof as from Time to I lints shall remain unfold, shall belong to and be received by the Person or Persons respectively who for the Time being would have been entitled to the Possession or to the Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the fame Hereditaments respectively in case this Act had not been passed.

III. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall Power to and may be lawful to and for the said Meyrick Bankes, and such other Person or Persons being adult as are or shall be entitled to any Estate or Mines. Estates in the Freehold Lands and Hereditaments lace of the said WHUam Bankes, deceased, and devised by his laid herein-before recited Will as aforesaid, and in the Second Schedule to this Act: annexed more particularly mentioned and described, which shall remain unfold after the said Debts and Legacies are paid, and to and for the Guardian, or Guardians of any Person or Persons so entitled who shall be an Infant or Infants, during his, her, or their Minority, as and when the said Meyrich Bankes and such other Person or Persons lo entitled as aforesaid, shall severally, successively and respectively be in the actual Pofltfiion of or entitled to the Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the Real Elirate'latfe of the said William Bankes, deceased, and deviled as aforesaid, or any Part thereof which shall remain unfold after the said Debts and Legacies are paid, by Indenture or Indentures to be felled and delivered determined by them re-flieflively, in the Prefen-ce of and attefleci by Two credib'e Witnesses, to demile and lease all or any Part or Parts of the Real Estate- late" of the said William Bankes devised as aforesaid which shall remain irnfold after the said Debts arid Legacies are paid (except only the principal Mansion House of Winjlanlcy, and the Buildings and demesne Lands belonging to the fame, and occupied therewith by the deflator at his Death with the Appurtenances) to any Person or Persons for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Fourteen Years; and also to demise and lease to any Person or Persons for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years, all or an1/ of the Coal Mines, Collieries,

Veins, and beams of Coals, and other Mi ties and Minerals whatsoever, now opened within or under any Lands or Grounds situate in Billingc,

Betiikvrion, and Winstanley aforesaid, being IV t of the Real Estate late of the said William Bankes, deceased, deviled as aforesaid, and remaining unfold after Payment of the said Debts and Legacies; and also such Lands and Grounds as may be necessary to be held with the said Mines, as Pit Room and Heap Room for laying and placing of the Coals, CulnvEarth, and Rubbish which shall be raised, dug, or gotten out of the said Mines, and all such Powers, Privileges, Licences, Watercourses,

Wayleaves and Authorities, Rights, and Imerefts, as may contribute to the more efte&’ial working of the said Mines and winning the said Coals and Minera’s, or carrying on the Business of the fame Mines and Coal Works, and as are usually granted in Leases of the like Sort: Provided always, that ever* Demise and Lease to be made in purliiartce of this Act shall be granted so as to commence in Possession arid notin Reversion, or by Way-of iuture Interefi, and there shall be reierved on every such Demise.or Lease the belt or moll improved'yearly Rent or Rents in Money, or as to mining Leases either in Money,- Produce, or Toll Dish, or partly, in Money and partly in Produce and Toll Dish, to be incident to 2 the

2292 48° GEORGII III. Gap. n8.

the immediate Reversion of the Hereditaments so to be demised arid leased that can or may be reasonably had or gotten for the fame, without taking any Fine, Premium, or Foregift for making of such Leaie or Leases respectively, and so as there shall be contained in every such Indenture of Demise or Lease a Condition of Re-entry on Non-payment of the Rent or Rents thereby to be respectively reserved, by the Space of Twenty-one Days after the fame Rents respectively shall become due and payable, and so as the Person or Persons respectively to whom such Demises or Leases shall be respectively made shall execute Counterparts of the Indenture or Indentures to be made to him, her, and them respectively, and thereby covenant for the due Payment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby respectively reserved, and so as the Person or Persons respectively to whom such Demises or Leases shall be made, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall not by any Clause or Words to be contained in any such Indenture or Indentures be made difpunishable for Waite, or exempted from Punishment for committing Waite.

Court of

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be-

Chancery to lawful for the High Court of Chancery from Time to Time, upon Peti-Act, and to tion to be presented for that Purpose by any Person who shall be inte-orderpajment rested, to make an Order or Orders in the Lid Cause of Holme and Suceof saiS." ot^ers» ve/fus Stanley and another, for taxing or settling all Colts, Charges, and Expences which have been or shall be incurred in obtaining and passing this Act, cr carrying the Purposes of the fame into Execution, and also from Time to Time to make such Order or Orders in the fame Cause as the said Court shall think fit for Payment of such Coils, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, out of the Monies which shall arise from any Sale or Sales under this Act, or out of any other Monies which shall be in the Power of the said Court and applicable under the Directions of the said Decree.

General V. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs

saving. and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Alhgns (other than and except the said James Stanley, and George Heron and their Heirs, Meyrick JBanket, and all and every Son and Sons of the said Meyrick Bankes, and the Heirs Male of the Body or respective Bodies of such Son and Sons, and the said Frederick William Holme, and all and every Soil and Sons of the said Frederick William Holme, and the Heirs Male of the Body or respective Bodies of such last-mentioned Son and Sons, and the said John Holme, and all and every Son and Sons of the said John Holme, and the Heirs Male of the Body and respective Bodies of such last-mentioned Son and Sons, and the said Mary Meyrick Holme and her Heirs, the said Harriett Holme and her Heirs, the said George Borlafe and Ann hia Wife, and the Heirs of the said Ann Borlafe, and the said Burgh Leighton and Jane his Wife, and the Heirs of the said Jana Leighton, and all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever having or claiming, or who shall hereafter have or claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest in the Real Estate late of the said William Banket, deceased,under his laid herein-before in Part recited Will) all such Estate, Right, Title, interest. Claim, and Demand of, in, to, or out of the said Hereditaments hereby authorized to be sold and demised

as

2293

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

as they, every, or any of them, had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by Act to be the Printer to the King's most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof ETwence' so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

ted |bdi *t is

lO v '

*"J vs~ -

.. r. r mV .-, A\c

till , W: . f , .

jajLyii S f - ' v‘rj r

S5 r

[/-Of. Ss* Per.]

FIRST

2294 +8* GEORGII , III. Cap.n8.

First SCHEDULE.

Of the Estateslate of William Bankes Esquire, deceased, which are included in the before-mentioned Act, and proposed to be sold by virtue thereof.

Several Messuages, Farms, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments Yearly Rents. £. !. i:

situate in Orr-11, in the County of Lancaster, in the several p'offeffions of Mr. Jjhn Clarke, James Culcheth, and others, containing, of the large Cheshire Measure, the Quantities of Land, and let at Kents as set forth in the Columns hereunto annexed, or thereabouts, respectively ----- 53 3 7 I4i O O

A Messuage, Farm, and Lands, situate in Southworth with Croft, in the said County, now in the Possession of James Ridyard, containing the Quantity of Land, and let at the Rent set forth as aforesaid - - - 8 3 3i 20 , 0

A Messuage, Farm and Lands, situate in Woolfion with Mar-tinscroft, in the said County of Lancafttr, now in the Possession of containing the Quantity of Land, and of the Yearly Value set forth as aforesaid, but subject to a Lease for one Life now in being - - - - 6 2 6

Divers Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments, situate in Orford and Warrington, in the said County, now or late in the several Possessions of Mr. John Lowe, Thomas Green, Joseph Donbavand, Mr. Jonathan Jackson, Mr. George Ainsworth, William Rowland, and others, containing the Quantity of Land, and let at the Rents let forth as aforesaid - - - 12 3 10 42 1 O

One undivided Third Part or Share of a Messuage, Farm and Buildings, situate in Backford, in the County of Chester, in the Possession of Widow Charnley, containing the Quantity of Land, and let at the Rent set forth as aforesaid - - 3° 1 0 8 6 8

✓ Total - - 112 1 14 s3a 7 8

George Heinekey.

Second

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

2295

Second SCHEDULE.

Of the Estates late of William Bankes Esquire, deceased, which are included in the before-mentionedA£t, and proposed to be leased by virtue thereof.

In the Parllh of WIGAN.

Divers Messuages, Farm9, Lands, and Hereditaments, containing, of the large Measure there used, or thereabouts, be the fame more or less, the Quantity of Land, and of the yearly Value set forth in the Columns annexed, and now or late in the Possession of the several Persons herein-after mentioned, or of their Undertenants, viz. The said Meyrick Bankes, Henry Ashall, William Foreacre, Henry Baker, John Wifwall, William Wifwall, George Fairclough, Richard Nixon, John Myers, Michael Roby, William Bone, Thomas Talker, George Heinekey, Thomas Ellison, John Ellison, Elijah Turton, William Nicholson, Thomas Cropper, John Hurst, James Unsworth, Joseph Hurlbutt, William Halliwell, Betty Havrifon, John Gerard, Messrs. Clarke, Thomas Heinekey, Thomas Daniel, James Fairclough, James Lyon, Henry Bur b, the said William Wifwall, John Wifwall junior, Henry Rigby, Nathan Lyon, Henry Fairhurst, John Makin. James Hootin, Richard Myers, Thomas Farrer, Widow Snape, James Anderton, the said Thomas Daniel, William Farimond, Thomas Taylor, and others -

r. £. f. d.

In the Parish of W I N WIC K.

Other Messuages, Farm', Lands and Hereditaments, containing of the like Measure, and of the yearly Value set forth as aforesaid, and now or late in the Possession ef Mr. Thomas Houghton and John Pennington, or of their Undertenants

Total

o 47600

o 2.676 o o

George Heinekey,

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Stp.auan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1S08.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

lMe*

Cap. 119.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled and devised Estates of Sir John Williarh de la Pole Baronet, deceased, in Trustees for Sale, and for settling the remaining Part of the said settled and devised Estates in the Manner therein mentioned.

[18th Jane 1808.]

WHEREAS by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date indentures of respectively the Seventh and Eighth Days of May One thou- Lease and Rc* sand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and mace between Sir J^ted.&C John William Pole and Dame Anne Pole, then the Wife and now the Widow of the said Sir John William Pole, of the one Part, and the Honourable Francis Bailer, James Fsmpler Esquire, Richard Hallett Clerk, and Harry Bewes Esquire, of the other Part, the several Messuages, Farms,

Lands, and Hereditaments, known by the several Names of ‘Talliton otherwise Tallaton Farm, Colcomhe and Longdowns, Sharphayne and Great Dcwnhayne, Freakhayne Courtfields. and Mounthills Peverstone Farm, and the Great Tythe* of Part thereof B/ackparks, Farrantjhays, Marks Barn Pratts, and the Mar flies Higher Check ridge. Lower Checkridge, Brooms and Follelts Checkridge, Symes's Moorbath, and Airam, in the several Counties of Devon and Dorset (Part of the Hereditaments comprised in the First and Second Schedules to this Act)# with their respective Rights,

Members, and Appurtenances, were conveyed by the said Sir John William Pole to several Ufc-s, upon and for several Trusts, Intents, and Purposes,

[Loc, 5s* Perl] 25 Z and

2298

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

and with, under, and subject to several Powers, Provisoes, and Limitations in the said Indenture of Release, and in Part herein-after mentioned; (that is to to the Use of the said Sir John William Pole and his Assigns fop,his Lite 5 Remainder to certain Persons therein named and their Heirs, in Trust to support the contingent Uses therein-after limited; Remainder.to the Use of the said Dame dnne Pole and her Assigns for her Life; Remainder to the Use of such Child and Children of the said Sir John William Pole by the fai A Anne his Wife, in such Shares and Proportions and for such Estates and Interests, ",nd subjr£t ro such Sum and Sums for the Benefit of such Child and Children as the said Sir' John William Pole and Anne his Wife, at any Time during their joint Lives, by any Deed or Instrument in Writing, or as the Survivor of them by any such Deed or Instrument in Writing, or by his or her last Will to be severally executed and attested as therein is mentioned, should direct, limit, or appoint; and in default of such Direction, Limitation, or Appointment, to the Use of all and every the Child and Children of the said Sir John William Pole and Anne his Wife, to be divided between or among them, if more than One, in equal Shares, as Tenants in Common in Tail, with cross Remainders between or among them in Tail; and if there should be a Failure of Issue of all the said Children but one, or if there should be only One such Child, to the Use of such one or only Child in Tail; with Remainder to the Use of the said Sir John William Pole, his Heirs and Assigns; and the said Indenture of Release contains usual Powers of Sale and Exchange, and for the Appointment of new Trustees in the Place of those who should refuse or decline, or become incapable to act in the Execution of the Trusts thereby created: And whereas by a Deed Poll, bearing Date the Thirteenth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, the said Sir John William Pole and Anne his Wife, in exercise of the Power limited to them for that Purpose by the said Indenture of Settle-rivnt, did direct and appoint that if there should be but One Child of the said Sir John William Foie by the said Anne his Wife (other than and except an eldest Son), the Sum of Eight thousand Pounds should be raised out of the said settled Estates, and paid to such one Child at the Time and in the Manner therein mentioned, and that if there should be Two or more such Children, the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds should be raised out of the fame Estates, and paid to and divided between such two Children in the Shares, at the Times, and in the Manner therein expressed, and that subject to the raising and Payment of the said Sum of Eight thousand Pounds or Ten thousand Pounds, as the Case might be, the said several Manors and other Hereditaments should, from and after the Decease of the Survivor of them the said Sir John William Pole and Anne his Wife, remain and be to the Use of William Temper Pole (the eldest Son of the said Sir John William Pole and Anne his Wife) now Sir William Tcmpler de la Pole Baronet, in Tail Male; Re main dr to the Second and every subsequently born Son of the said Sfr John William Pole by the said Anne his Wife, severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; Remainder to the said William Templer Pole in Tail, Remainder to Marianne Pole, and every other Daughter of the said Sir John William Pole by the said Anne his Wife, to be divided between or among them, if more than One, in equal Shares, as Tenants in Common in Tail, with Cross Remainders between or among them in Tail; and if all the Lid Daughters but one should die without Issue, or if there should be but one such Daughter, tnen to such one or only

Daughter

48° GEORGII III. Cap. is9.

Daughter in Tail, and in Default of such Issue to the right Heirs of the said Sir John William Pole: And whereas the said James Templer departed this Life in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-two: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Days of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, the Release being of Three Parts, and made between the said Francis Buller, Richard Hallett (therein called Richard Hotherfall Hallett) and Harry Reives, of the First Part, the said Sir John William Pole and Anne his Wife, of the Second Part, and the said Sir John William Pole, of the Third Part, by virtue and in exercise of the Powers to them given in this Behalf by the said Indenture of Settlement, the said Francis Buller, Richard Hotherfall Hallett, and Harry Bewes (at the Request of the said Sir John William Pcie and Anne his Wife) did bargain, fell, alien, release, dispose of, and confirm unto the said Sir John William Pole, his Heirs and Assigns, all those the said Messuages, Farms, and Hereditaments called Talliton, otherwise Tallaton Farm, P ever ft one Farm, and Tythes, and Black Park, Farrantfhays Marks, Barn Pratts, and the Marshes, with their respective Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto and to the Use of the said Sir John William Pole, his Heirs and Alligns; and by the Indenture now in Recital, the said Sir John William Pole did, in Consideration thereof,grant, release, and confirm certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments called Brooke Farm, and such Parts of a Messuage and Tenement called Sidford, as were situate within the Gates and Boundaries of Brooke Farm aforesaid, Woolcots otherwise Howleys Lanes Moores, and Holcombe Stonewater Slade, and Heathayne Rutland!r, otherwise Radlands, D unways Cony gear and Sandpitt, otherwise Sampitt, in the Counties of Devon and Dorset (other Part of the Hereditaments coifiprifed in the said First and Second Schedules to this Act) with their respective Appurtenances, unto and to the Use of the said Francis Buller, Richard Hotherfall Hallett, and Harry Bewes, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trull that they or the Survivors or Survivor of them, his Heirs or Assigns, should settle the same to the subsistiilg Uses of the said in Part recited Indenture of Settlement: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Days of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, the Release being of Three Parts, and made between the said Francis Buller. Richard Hotherfall Hallett, and Harry Bewes, of the First Part, the said Sir John William. Pole and Anne his Wife, of the Second Part, and the Reverend Charles Buckland and John Mounftephen Howe Gentleman, of the Third Parr, the said Francis Buller, Richard Hotherfall Hallett, and Harry Bewes (at the Request of the said Sir John William Pole and Anne his Wife) did grant, release, and confirm the several Hereditaments conveyed unto and to the Use of them the said Francis Buller, PJ chard Hotherfall Hallett, and Harry Bewes, and their Heirs, by the said last in Part recited Indentures of Lease and Release, with their Appurtenances, unto the said Charles Buckland and John Mounftephen Howe, and their Heirs, to the several Uses upon and for the Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and with and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, and Declarations which by the said Indenture of Settlement were expressed and contained of and concerning the Hereditaments therein comprised: And whereas by virtue of His Majesty's Licence under His Royal Sign Manual, bearing Date the Thirtieth Day of September One thousand seven hundred and eighty-aine, the said Sir John William Pole aflfumed and thenceforth used the

Name

2 #9

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 119,

Name and Title of Sir John William de la Pole: And whereas by Indenture of Lease and Release, bearing Dare respectively the Twenty-seventh and Twenrv-eighth Days of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, the Release being of Three Parts, and made between the said Francis Buller, then Sir Francis Puller B ' onet, Richard Hotherfall Hal* left, and Harry Bewes of the First Part, the said Sir John William de la Pole and Dame Anne his Wife, of the Second Part, and the said Sir John William de la Pole of the Third Part, the said Sir Francis Buller, Richard HotherJall Halle//, and Harry Bewes, in Exercise of the Power to them for this Purpose given by the said Indenture cf Settlement of the Eighth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, did (at the Request of the said Sir John William de la Pole and Anne his Wife) bargain, fell, alien, release, dispose of, and confirm unto the said Sir John William de la Pole and his Heirs, the several Farms and other Hereditaments comprised in the said Indentures of the Seventh and Eighth Days of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, called Higher Checkridge, Lower Checkridge, Broomes Follets and Checkridge, with their Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto and to the Use of the said Sir John William de la Pole, his Heirs and Assigns; and by the said Indentures now in recital, the said Sir John William de la Pole did, in Consideration of the said Conveyance thtreby made to him and his Heirs, grant, release, and confirm unto the said Sir Francis Bul'er, Richard Hotherfall Hallett, and Harry Bewes, and their Heirs, feyerai Hereditaments called Overlexhayne, Little Lodge, Little KUlhaync, Skinners Haddons and Cleaves, in the Parish of Shute, in the said County of Devon, (other Part of the Hereditaments comprised in the said Fiifl and Second Schedules to this Act,) with the Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto and to the Use of the said Sir Francis Buller, Richard Hotherfall Hallett, and Harry Bewes, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trust that they, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, his Heirs or Assigns, should settle the fame Hereditaments to the subsisting Uses of the said Indenture of Set lement of the Eighth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date relpecUvely the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Days of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, the Release being of Three Parts, and made between the said Sir Francis Buller, Richard Hotherfall Hallett, and Harry Bewes, of the First Part, the said Sir John William de la Pole and Anne his Wife, of the Second Part, and the Reverend Charles Buckland and John Mounftephen Howe, of the Third Part, the said Sir Francis Buller, Richard Hotherfall Hallett, and Harry Bewes, (at the Request of the said Sir John William de la Pole and Anne his Wife) did grant, release, and confirm unto the said Charles Buckland and John Mounftephen Howe, and their Heirs, the Rveral Hereditaments conveyed unto and to the Use of them the said Sir Francis Puller, Richard I-lothefall Hallett, and Harry Bewes, and their Heirs, by the lafily herein-before in Part recited Indentures of Lease and Release, with their Appurtenanc s, to hold the fame unto the fi id Charles Buckland and John Mounftephen Howe, and their Heirs, to the several Uses upon and for the Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and with and subject to the several Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, and Declarations which by the said Indenture of Settlement of the Eighth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine a e expressed and contained, of and concerning the Hereditaments therein comprised: And whereas the said Harry Bewes departed this Life in the Year One thousand seven hundred 9 and

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. iu).

and ninetyvthree: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Eighteen1 h and Nineteenth Days of-November One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, the Re!eare bcing of Three Parts, and made between the said Sir Frauds Bulky and Richard Hotherfall Hallett of the First Part, the said Sir John William de la Pole and Anne his Wife of the Second Part, the said Sir John William de la Pole of the Third Part, the said Sir Francis Butler and Richard Ho-therfall Halleti, in Exercise of the Power to them for this Purpose given by the said Indenture of Settlement of the Eighth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine,did (at the Request of the said Sir y® At* William de la Pole and Anne his Wife) bargain, fell, alien, release, dispose of, and confirm unto the said Sir John William de la Pole and his Heirs, the several Farms and other Hereditaments comprised in the said Indentures of the Seventh and Eighth Days of May One thousand seven hundred and (V-venty-nine, and called Moorbalh and Atrain, with their Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto and to the Use of the said Sir John William de la Pole his Heirs and Assigns, and by the Indenture of Release now in recital the said Sir John William de la Pole did granr, r..-lease, and confirm unto the said Sir Francis Buller and Richard Hotherfall Hallett, and their Heirs, several Hereditaments called Down, otherwise Lawn, otherwise Taylor*s Hill, in Sidbury, in the said County of Devon, and late Dillard*s OxCn-leaze, Barrow Mead, Swallow CloJe, and Flower Mead, in Shuts aforesaid’, (other Part of the Hereditaments comprised in the said First and Second Schedules.) with their respective Appuitenances, to hold the fame unto and to the Use of the said Sir Francis Buller and Richard Hotberfall'TIallett, their Heirs and Assigns, in Trull that they or the Survivor of them, his Heirs or Assigns, should settle the fame Hereditaments to the subsisting Uses of the said Indenture of Settlement of the Eighth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine: And whereas by In denrures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Twentieth and Twenty-full Days of November One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, the Release being of Three Parts, and made between the said Sir Francis Buller and Richard Hotherfall Halleti of the First: Part, the said Sir John William de la Pole and Dame Anne his Wife of the Second Part, and the said Charles Buckland and John Mounjlephen Howe of the Third Part, the said Sir Francis Buller and Richard Hotherfall Hallett (at the Request of the said Sir John William de la Pole and Anne his Wife) did grant, release, and confirm unto the said Charles Buckland and John Mounjlephen Howe and their Heirs, the several Hereditaments conveyed unto and to the Use of the said Sir Francis Buller and Richard Hotherfall Hallett and their Heirs, by the lastly herein-before recited Indentures of Lease and Release, with their Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto the said Charles Buckland and John Mounjlephen Howe and their Heirs, to the Uses upon and for the Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, and Declarations which by the said Indenture of Settlement of the Eighth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine tire expressed and contained of and concerning the Manors and other Hereditaments therein comprised: And whereas by an Indenture bearing Date the Nineteenth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and made between the said Sir John William de la Pole oi the First Part, the said Dante Annede la Pole of the Second Parr, and Thomas Lane Esquire, the Reve-[Loc. & Per.j 26 A rend

2302

48° GEORGII III. Cap. i 19.

Tend John Tempter and George Tempter Esquire, of the Third Part, after reciting the Deaths of the said James Tempter and Harry Bewes, and that the said Sir Francis But cr was desirous of being discharged from and had declined to act in the Trulls rep- fed in him by the said indenture of Settlement of the Eighth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and fe-venty-nine, the said Sir John William de la Pole, by virtue and inexercise of the Power by that Indenture given to him in that Behalf, did nominate and appoint the said Thomas Lane to be a Trustee of the said settled FJlates in the Room of the said Harry Bewes deceased; and the said Dame Anne de la Pole, by virtue and in exercise of the Power by the fame Indenture of Settlement given to her in that Behalf, did nominate and appoint the said John Tempter to be a Trustee of the said settled Estates in the Room of the said James Tempter deceased, and the said George Tempter in the Room of the said Sir Francis Butler: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Nineteenth and Twentieth Days of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, the Release being of Three Parts, and made between the said Sir John William de la Pole and Anne his Wife of the First Parr, the said Sir Francis Fuller and Richard Hotherfall Hallett of the Second Part, and John Bawden Gentleman of the i hird Part, for the more effectually enabling the said Thomas Lane, John Templcr, and George Tempter, to act in the Execution of the Trulls to which they were appointed as therein and herein-before is mentioned, the said Sir Francis Fuller and Richard Hotherfall Hallett did release, and the said Sir John William de la Pole did confirm unto the said John Bowden and his Heirs all such and so many of the Messuages and other Hereditaments comprised in the said recited Indenture of Settlement as had not been given in Exchange, which then remained vested in the said Sir Francis Bultcr and Richard Hotherfall Ha licit, with their Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto and to the Use of the said John Bawden,h\s Heirs and Assigns, in Trull to convey the fame unto the said Richard Hotherfall Hallett, Thomas Lane, John Tempter, GeorgeTempler, and their Heirs, to the fubfilling Uses of the said Indenture of Settlement of the Eighth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine: And whereas by Deed Poll of Lease and Release under the Hands and Seals of the said John Bawden and Sir John William de la Pole, and bearing Date respectively the Twentieth and Twenty-hrll Days of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, the said John Bawden (at the Request of the said Sir John William de la Pole) did bargain, fell, and release unto the said Richard Hotherfall Hallett, Thomas Lane, John Tempter, and George Templcr, and their Heirs, the Hereditaments comprised in the last-mentioned Indentures, with the Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto the said Richard Hotherfall Hat let, Thomas Lane, John Tempter, and George Tempter, and their Heirs, to such of the several Uses upon and for such of the Trulls, Intents, and Purpol'es, and under and subject to such of the Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, and Declarations in the said Indenture of Settlement expressed concerning the Hereditaments therein comprised as were then fubfilling or capable of taking Effect: And whereas by Three several Indentures of Lease and Release, each of the said Indentures of Lease bearing Date the Twenty-iecond Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and each of the said Indentures of Release bearing Date the Day then next following, and each of the said Indentures of Release being of Three Parts, and made be-6 tween

48° GEORGII III. Cap. at).

tween the said Sir "John William de la Pole and Anne his Wife of the Fir (I Part, the said Charles Buckland and John Mounftephen Howe of the Second Fart, and the said Richard Hotherfall Hallett, Thomas Lane, John Tempter, and George Tempter, of the Third Part, the said Charles Buckland and John Moimjlepben Howe, at the Request of the said Sir John William dc la Pole and Anne his Wife, did bargain, fell, and release, and the said Sir John William de la Pole did ratify and confirm unto the said Richard Hotherfall Hallett, Thomas Lane, John Tempter, and George Templer, and their Heirs, the several Hereditaments severally comprised in the said Indentures of the Twenry-eighth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, the Thirtieth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and the Twenty-first Day of November One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, with their respective AoDurte-nances, to hold the fame unto the said Richard Hotherfall, Hallett, Thomas Lane, John Tcmtler, and George Templer, and their Heirs, to such of the life's upon and for such of the Trusts, Interns, and Purposes, and with and subject to such of the Powers, Provisoes, and Limitations (except only the:Po\vers of Sale and Exchange) by the said Indenture of Settlement expressed, concerning the Hereditaments therein comprised, as were then subsisting and capable of taking Effect: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Days of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and made between the said Sir John William de la Pole of the one Part, and the said John Tempter and George Templer of the other Part, after reciting, among other Things, that he the said Sir John William de la Pole was indebted to several Persons mentioned in the Schedule to the said Indenture of Release, in the several Sums of Monty therein specified, which amounted in the Whole to the Sum of Forty-nine thousand Pounds or thereabouts, and that he was seised of several Manors and other Hereditaments in the Counties of Levon and Lorfet, in Fee Simple, subject to several Mortgages and otherlncumbrances thereon,the said Sir John William de la Pole did grant, release, assign, and confirm unto the said John Templer and GeorgeTempIer, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the several Freehold and LeafeholdEstates therein mentioned (and which Estates are comprised in the Second Schedule to this Act) with their respective Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto and to the Use of the said John Templer and George Tempter, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to the Nature and Quality of the fame Hereditaments and Premises, in Trust to fell certain Parts therein particularized of the said Estates in the Manner therein-mentioned, and out of the Money arising from the Sale thereof, and out of the Rents and Profits of all the said Estates to discharge the Interest of the certain Debts mentioned in the said Schedule to the Indenture now in recital, and to pay to the said Sir John William de la Pole the Yearly Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, and retain certain annual Sums therein mentioned for the Maintenance and Education of his Sons, and subject to the Trusts aforesaid, in Trust to pay off and discharge the several Bond and Simple Contract Debts mentioned in the fame Schedule, and the Interest of such of the said Debts as then did or should thereafter carry Interest, and after Payment thereof in Trust to pay the Surplus (if any) of the said Monies to the said Sir John William de la Pole, his Executors, Administrators, and Assignsj and by the said Indenture now in recital it was also agreed and declared.

2304

48c GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

declared, that in case any Part of the Hereditaments thereby made Tale-able should remain undisposed of after answering the Trusts therein and herein-before mentioned, the Hid John Templer and George Templer, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs, Execuiors, Administrators, and Assigns of such Survivor, should convey the Part remaining nndilposed of and unfold of the Estates thereby directed to be sold, and all the said ether Effaces, with their respective Appurtenances, unto and to the Use of or in Trull for the said Sir John William de la Pole, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators,andA{Tignsrespectively: And whereas such PartsoftheEffates as there is a Power to fell, and which are particularized in the said Indenture of the Twenty-eighth of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, amount to One thousand Pounds per Annum, or thereabouts, and the Rents and Profits of all the Estates of the said Sir John William de la Pole amount to Four thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum, and upwards: And whereas the annual Interest of the Debts (being Mortgage Debts) mentioned in the said Schedule to the said Indenture, amounts to One thousand six hundred and forty Pounds, being Five Pounds per Centum upon the principal Sum of Thirty-two Thousand eight hundred Pounds: And whereas the several Bond and Simple Contract Debts amounted to the Sum of Seventeen thousand will of sir Pounds, or thereabouts: And whereas the said Sir John William de la dc'la Pokam frgned an<3 published his last Will and Testament, bearing Date

the Twenty-fourth Day of October One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and thereby bequeathed to the said Dame Anne de la Pole then his Wife the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, to be paid within Six Months after his Decease; to his Son John George de la Pole the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, to be paid to him at his Arrival to the Age of Twenty-one Years, and to his Daughter the said Marianne de la Pole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, to be paid at her Age of Twenty-one Years or Day of Marriage, provided such Marriage were had with the Consent of her Guardian for the Time being; and the said Testator did direct, that until the Legacies thereby bequeathed to his said Son and Daughter should become payable, such annual Sum should be paid towards their Maintenance and Education as his or her Guardian should think proper, not exceeding in the Whole for each what the Interest at Four Pounds per Centum of his or her expectant Portion would amount to; and the said Testator declared,that the Provisions thereby made for his said Son and Daughter were in lieu of the Portions charged or provided for him and her by the said Deed Poll of the Thirteenth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six; and after bequeathing several final 1 pecuniary Legacies, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of One hundred and five Pounds, to the several Persons named in his said Will, the said Testator devised all the Freehold Manors and other Hereditaments of which he or any Person or Persons in Trull for him, was or werefeifed or entitled (not only those w hereof he was seised iri Possession, butthofe of which he was seised in Remainder or ReversionJ when such Remainder or Reversions should come into Possession, and of which he had Power to dispose by his Will (Part of which laid devised Hereditaments are comprised in the said First and Second Schedules to this Act) unto the said John Templer, George Templer, Thomas Lane, and the Reverend John Buckiand, their Heirs and Afligns, to the Uses and upon the Trulls folio wing (that is tc say) to the Use of the said John TempleriM George

Templer,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

Tempter, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Five hundred Years, upon the Trusts therein and herein-after mentioned, and after the Expiration or sooner Determination of the said Term, and also subjefl to the Trusts declared by the said Indentures of the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Days of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, to the Use of his the said Tell a for’s eldest Sen the said Sir William Templer de la Pole, then William Tempter de la Pole, and his Assigns, for Life; Remainder to the Use of the said Thomas Lane and John Buckland, their Heirs and Assigns, during the Life of the said Sir William Tempter de la Pole, in Trust to support the contingent Remainders therein-after limited; Remainder to the first and every other Son of the said Sir William Tempter de la Pole, severally and successively, according to theirrefpettive Seniorities, in Tail Male; Remainder to the said John George de la Pole and his Assigns for his Life; Remainder to the said Thomas Lane and John Buckland, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said John George de la Pole, in Trust to preserve the contingent Rema;ndrrs therein-after limited; Remainder to the first and every other Son of the said John George de la Pole, severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities, in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of every other Son of the said Testator, (other than and except the said Sir William Tempter de la Pole and John George de la Pole) severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities, in Tail Male; Remainder to the said Marianne de la Pole and her Assigns for her Life; Remainder to the said Thomas Lane and John Buckland, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Marianne de la Pole, in Trust to preserve the contingent Remainders therein-after limited; Remainder to the first and every other Son of the said Marianne de la Pole severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; Remainder to the first and every other Daughter of the said Sir William Tempter de la Pole, severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities, in Tail Male; Remainder to the first and every Daughter of the said John George de la Pole, severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities, in Tail Male; Remainder to the First and every other Daughter of the said Marianne de la Pole, severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities in Tail Male; Remainder to Reginald Pole Carew and his Assigns, during his Life; Remainder to the said Thomas Lane and John Buckland, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Reginald Pole Carew, in Trust to support the contingent Remainders therein-after devised; Remainder to the first and every other Son of the said Reginald Pole Carew severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities, in Tail Male; Remainder to Sir Charles Morice Pole Baronet, then Charles Morice Pole, and his Assigns, for his Life; Remainder to the said Thomas Lane and John Buckland, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Charles Morice Pole, in Trust to preserve the contingent Remainders therein-after deviled; Remainder to the first and every other Son of the said Charles Mo; ice Pole, severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities, in Tail Male; Remainder to Edward Pole and his Assigns, for his Life; Remainder to the said Thomas Lane and John Buckland, and their Heirs, during the Life of-the said Edward Pole, in Trust to preserve the contingent Remainders thereinafter devised; Remainder to the first and every other Son of the said Edward Pole, severally and successively, according to their respective Se-\Loc. fsf Per.] 26 B niaricies.

3306

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

niorities, in Tail Male, and for default cf such Issue, to the right Heirs of the said Testator forever; and the said Testator did declare, that he had devised the said Manors and other Hereditaments to the Use of the said Jo/jn Templer and George Templer, their Executors, Ad mini lira tors, and Assigns, for the said Term of Five hundred Years, upon the Trusts in the said Will, and in Part herein-after mentioned (that is to say) in Trust, by Mortgage or Sale of the Hereditaments therein comprised, for all or any Part of the fame T erm, to raise such Sums of Money for the Payment of so much of his the said Testator’s Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expences, as his Personal Estate (not specifically bequeathed) should be insufficient to pay, and to apply the Money so to be raised in Discharge of the fame accordingly; and after Payment thereof, then in Trull during the Minority of the said Sir William Templer de la Pole, and during the Minority of every other Person who for the Time being should be entitled to the Possession or to the Receipt of the Rents of the Hereditaments therein-before devised, to raise such Yearly Sums of Money for the Maintenance and Education of his said Son, and such other Person so for the Time being entitled as aforesaid, as they the said Trustees or Trustee should think fit, and also such Maintenance as the said Testator had therein-before directed to be raised for his younger Son and Daughter; and after reciting or referring to the said Indentures of Settlement of the Seventh and Eighth Days ot May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, the said Deed Poll of the Thirteenth D. y of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and the Lid several Deeds of Exchange, the said Testator declared his Will to be, that the said Sir William Templcr de la Pole, or in the case of his Death the Person or Persons who by virtue of the said Will should be entitled to the Hereditaments thereby devised, should, within Twelve Calendar Months after they should re-fp'jctively become entitled to the Possession or to the Receipt of the Rents of the Hereditaments comprised in the said Settlement and Deeds of Exchange (if then of Age) but if under Age, then within Twelve Calendar Months after they should respectively attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, efte&ually settle all such last-mentioned Hereditaments to the same Uses, upon the fame Trusts, and with, under, and subject to the fame Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations as were the rein-before expressed of and concerning the Manors and other Hereditaments by him devised to the said Sir William Templer de la Pole and his Assigns for his Life, with such Remainders over as aforesaid, or such of them as should then be subsisting and capable of taking Effect; and in case the said Sir William Templer de la Pole, or such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, should refule or neglect to make the Settlement thereby directed, the said Testator declared that the Estate therein-before deviled to the Use of the said Sir William Templer de la Pole and his Assigns, for his Life, and such other Persons as in case of his Death would be entitled thereto for Life as aforesaid should cease, and immediately after such Refusal or Neglect, the Rents of the fame Hereditaments should be received by the said John Templer and George Templer, and the Survivor ofthrni, his Heirs and Assigns, during the then Residue of the Life of the said Sir William Templer de la Pole, and such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, and applied in the Manner in the said Will particularly mentioned; and the said Testator bequeathed all his Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenement®, and Premises of which the said Testator, or any Person in Trull for him, was or

at

48u GEORGII Iir. Cap. llg,

at the Time of his Decease should be possessed for the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons, or for any Term or Number of Years, unto the said fohn Templet and George Tempter, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to the Nature and Quality of such EStates, in Trust for the Person or Persons who for the Time being Should be entitled to the PolfeSIion or to the Receipt of the Rents of the Freehold Hereditaments thereby devised, or as near thereto as the Quality of the said ESlates and the Rules of Law and Equity would admit, so as that the fame Leasehold Premises Should veil abfc-lutely in the Person who Should first be Tenant in Tail in Possession of the said Freehold Hereditaments, and of the full Age of Twenty one Years, and not sooner; and the said Testator did by his said Will provide and declare, that his Personal ESlate Should be considered by his said Trustees, as the primary Fund for the Payment of his funeral Expences, Debts, and Legacies, and that the Savings of the Rents, lSTues, and Profits (accruing during the Minority of any Person for the Time being entitled to the Hereditaments thereby devised) of the EHates comprised in the said Term of Five hundred Years Should be considered as the next, and that the Mortgages or Sales to be made of the said ESlates Should be considered as the lait or ultimate Fund for that Purpose, notwithstanding which the said Testator left it in the full Discretion of his said Trustees to fell or mortgage the ESlates comprised in the said Term of Five hundred Yeats, or any Part thereof, before any Personal Estate was so got in and applied as aforesaid, and declared it was his Intention that all his Debts Should be paid as soon as might be, and that his Legatees Should also be* paid their respective Legacies as Soon as might be after the fame Should become payable; and it was his Desire, that if sufficient of his Personal ESlate, and of the Rents and Profits of his Freehold and Leasehold Estates thereby devised, accruing during any such Minority as aforesaid, Should not be got in to answer his said Debts and Legacies when the fame ought to be paid, that then his said Trustees Should make use of the said Power of Mortgage or Sale in order to raise Mon$y sufficient for Payment of his said Debts and Legacies, without waiting to get in his Personal ESlate, or such Rents and Profits as aforesaid, for that Purpose; but his Desire was, that the Manors of Broad Winfor and Alterpeverell, and all his Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the several Parishes of Broad Winfor, Sy-mondsbury, and Whitechurch Canonicorum, in the County of Dorset (Fart of the Hereditaments and Premises thereby devised) Should be fold and disposed of before any other or others of his Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, ^nd Hereditaments, or any or either of them, or any Part or Parts thereof: And the said Testator thereby further declared hrs Will to be, and did thereby dire<51 the said John Tempter and George Tempter, and the Survivor of them, and the Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of such Survivor, by virtue of the Power thereby created, and in them veiled, and by the Ways and Means therein-before mentioned, to raiSe the Sum of Three thousand Pounds as soon as conveniently might be after his Decease, and lay out and apply the fame in erecting and building a good substancial Dwelling-house, with suitable Offices, on such Part of his Farm called Colcombe Park, in the said Parish of Colyton, in such Manner and Form as his said dear Wife, the Said Dame Anne de la Pole, Should appoint for that Purpose, which said Dwelling-house, with its Appurtenances, and Five Acres of Land thereunto adjoining, the said Tef-9 tator

2JO

2308 48* GEOPvGII III. Cap. 119.

tator devised unto his said Wife during the Term of her natural Life,- ftie his said Wife keeping the fame in good Repair; and from and after the Decease of his said Wife, the said Testator devised the said Dwelling-house and Land, with its Appurtenances, unto the said John Templer, George 'Templer, Thomas Lane, and John Buckland, and their Heirs, to such User, upon and for such Trufh, Ends, Intents, and Purposes, and subject to such Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, as werr therein-before exp elled of and concerning his Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and He-De?th of Sir reditaments thereby devised as aforesaid: And whereas the said Sir John ckia Pole!iam de I*2 ^ole afterwards departed this Life in the Month of November

One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, without having revoked or in anywise altered his said Will, and the fame was duly proved soon after his Decease in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury: And whereas the said Sir John William de la Poie intermarried with Anne Templer in the Month of January One thousarfd seven hundred and seventy nine, and left Issue by her the said Sir William Templer de la Pole, John George de la Foie, and Marianne de la Pole, and no other Child: And whereas the said John George de la Pole hath fmee departed this Lile an Infant, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and wit hour Issue, and the said Sir William Templer de la Pole and Marianne de la Pole are both now living, and have severally attained the Age of Twenty-one Years: And whereas the said Sir William Templer de la Pole intermarried with Sophia Anne Templer in the Month of August One thousand eight hundred and four, and hath Issue by her one Son, namely John George de la Pole, now an Infant, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and no other Child: And whereas the said Marianne de la Pole hath not married: And whereas the said Reginald Pole Carew intermarried with Jemima Yoirke in the Month of November One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and hath Issue by her only One Son, namely, Joseph Pole Carew, now an Infant under the Age of Twenty one Years: And the said Sir Charles Morice Pole hath no Son: And the said Edward Pole intermarried with Jane Rcbinfon, on or abouc the Twenty-seventh Day of July One thousand eight hundred and one, and hath Issue by her Three Sons, namely, Reginald Pole, Edward Pole, and Henry Pole, all of them Infants under the Age of Twency-one Years, and Two Daughters, and no other Child: And whereas no Part of the Hereditaments comprised in the said Indenture of the Twenty-eighth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, has yet been fold under the Trulls of that Indenture, but the said John Templer and George Templer have at different Times, as well in the Lifetime of the said Sir John William de la Pole, as since his Decease, applied certain Parts of the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said Hereditament*, and of the Personal Ellate of the said Sir John William de la Pole, amounting to Eleven thousand Pounds, or thereabouts, in discharge of several of the Bond and Simple Contract Debts specified in the said Schedule to the said Indenture of the Twenty-eighth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, amounting in the Whole to Seventeen thousand Pounds, or thereabouts, as above-mentioned, and also in Payment of the Iruereft 'which has from Time to Time become due in respect of such of the said Mortgage and Bond and Simple Contract Debts specified in the said Schedule as carried interest: And whereas the unapplied Residue of the Personal Estate of the Lid Sir John William de la Pole being Seven thousand Pounds, or thereabouts, as

flaccd

'*$$9

48° GEORGII IH. Cap. 119.

stated in the Fourth Schedule to this Act, is meant to be applied to the Discharge of all the Bond and Simple Contraft Debts specified in the Schedule annexed to the said Indenture of the Twenty-eighth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, which now remain unpaid, and amount to Six thousand Pounds or thereabouts: And whereas no Part of the said Legacies of Three thousand Pounds and Ten thousand Pounds, bequeathed by the said Will of the said Sir John William de la Pole to the said Dame Anne de la Pole and Marianne de la Pole respectively, or of the Sum of Three thousand Pounds thereby directed to be raised for building a House for the Residence of the said Dame Anne de Is Pole, hath been paid or raised: And whereas the said Dame Anne de la Pole hath consented that the last-mentioned Sum of Three thousand Pounds shall not be raised, in Consideration that Interest for the same Sum, after the Rate of Four Pounds per Centum shall be paid to her during her Life: And whereas the Second Schedule to this Act is also divided into Two Parts, and the bird Part thereof contains a Particular of that Part of the said settled Estates which is intended to be veded in Trustees for Sale as herein-after is mentioned; and the Second Part of the said Second Schedule contains a Particular of that Part of the said devi'ed Estates which is intended to be veded in Trustees for Sale as herein-after is mentioned: And whereas it will be beneficial to all Persons intereded in the said Estates, that the Manors and other Hereditaments comprised in the said Fird Part of the Second Schedule to this Act should be absolutely fold in Fee Simple, and that the Manors and Hereditaments mentioned in the Second Part of the said Second Schedule, and comprised in the said Term of Five hundred Years, should be fold in Fee Simple, rather than for the Remainder of the said Term of Five Hundred Years (the fame lying at a considerable Didance from, and not being in anywise connected with the other Parts of the said Estates, and the other Estates being compact, and lying contiguous to the Family Mansion House), and that the Money arising from the Sale of the Estates proposed to be sold should, so far as the fame will extend, be applied in Discharge of the Incumbrances assessing the said Estates, in the Manner herein-after expressed, and in order thereto that a competent Parc of the Estates devised by the said Will of the said Sir John William de la Pole should be limited to the said Dame Anne dc la Pole, in lieu.of that Part of the Estates proposed to be sold of which she is now Tenant for L fe, under the said Indentures of the Seventh and Eighth Days of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine: And whereas the Fird Schedule to this Act is divided into Two Parts, and the Fird Part of the said Schedule contains a Particular of that Part of the said settled Estates which is not intended to be sold or exchanged under the Powers herein-after contained,but is to be left subject to the Life Estate therein of the said Dame Anne de la Pole, and subject thereto, to be settled as herein-after is mentioned; and the Second Part of the Fird Schedule contains a Particular of that Fart of the Estates devised by the said W-ili of the said Sir John William de la Pole, which is intended to be limited to the said Dame Anne de la Pole, in lieu of that Part of the said settled Estates which is proposed to be sold: And whereas the said Second Part of the said Fird Schedule, and the said First Part of the said Second Schedule, contain a Particular of the Annual Rent and Annual Value of the Estates therein respectively comprised; And whereas the Third Schedule to this Act contains the Particulars of [Loc. & PerP\ 26 C the

23iO 4-S’ GEORGGII III. Cap. 119.

the several Mortgage Debts and Legacies cha-ged upon and affcding the devised Estates of the said Sir John William ilc la Pole deceased, which now remain unpaid; and the Fourth Schedule contains the Particulars of the Bond and Simple Contract Debts of the said Sir John William de la Pole, remaining unpaid, and an Account of the unapplied Residue of his Personal Estate: And whereas, by reason of the Limitations contained in the said Will of the said Sir John William de la Pole, the several Purposes herein-befcre mentioned cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Dame Anne de la Pole, Sir William lempler de la Pole, on Behalf of himself and his Son, the said John George de la Pole an Infant, Marianne de la PolRegin Id Pole Careuo, on Behalf of himself and or his Son, the said Joseph Pole Cnrew an Infant, the said Charles Morice Pole-, and the said Ediuurd Pole, on 13ehalf of himself and of the said Reginald Pole, Edward Pole, and Henry Pole, his Infant Sons, domost humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conknt of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That ad.andjd ' the several Manors, Messuages, Lands, Teneme its, and all and singular Schedules.veil- other the Freehold and Leal'ehold Hereditaments and Premises federally discharged^f’ comprised in the Indentures and Assuranc.es herein-before recited, and in the Utes of the the said Will of the said Sir J hn William de la Pole, and which are in-ture?andWJl c^u£^e^ *n ^ie Eirft ar)d Second Schedules to his Act, with their respectof Sir John live Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, shall, from and afrer the passing of this Act, be and the same are hereby vested in the said Reginald Pole Catew and Sir Charles Morice Pole\ their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Affgns, according to the Nature and Quality of the fame, respectively, absolutely, and for ever freed and discharged of and from all and singular the Uses, Estates in Tail, Remainders, Limitations, Trusts, Charges, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations which in and by the said several herein-before in Part recited Indentures and Affurances, and the said Will of the said Sir John William de la Pole, or any of them, were limited, expressed, and declared, of and concerning the same Hereditaments and Premises respectively, but upon and for the Trusts, Intents, and Purposes herein-after expressed and declared of and concerning the same; that is to say, as to the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments comprised in the Fuft Schedule to this present Act, and the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances to the fame belonging, to the Use of the said DamtAnnede la Pole and her Assigns for her Life, and with and subject to such and the fame Powers of leafing and of felling and exchanging, and such other Powers and Authorities, and such Exemptions and Privileges as previously to the passing of this Act were under or by virtue of the said Indentures of the Seventh and Eighth Days of May Onethoufand seven hundred and seventy-nine annexed, relating or collateral to the Estate for Life of her the said Dame Anne de la Pole, under those Indentures, in the Hereditaments thereby settled; and from and after the Decease of the said Dame Anne de la Pole to such of the Uses, upon and for such of the Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to such of the Powers, Provisoes, Agreements, and Declarations by the said Will of the said Sir John William de la Pole expressed or contained, of and concerning the Manors and other Hereditaments thereby devised as shall then be subsisting, undetermined, and: ri S capable

2311

48° GEORGII III. Cap. lit),

capable of taking Effect; and as to all those the Manors, Me flu ages,

Farms, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, as well Freehold as Leasehold, comprifec! in the Second Schedule to this Act, and the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, to and for the only proper Use and Benefit of the said Reginald Pole Carew and Sir Charles Morice Pole, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to the Nature and Qual ty of the fame Premises respectively, upon Trust that they the said Reginald Pole'Carew and Sir Charles Morice Pole, and the Survivor of them, and the Eleirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of such Survivor, do and shall sell and dispose of any Part or Parts of the said Messuages, Hereditaments, and Premises, and of the Fee Simple and absolute Imercft of and in the fame respectively, either altogether and in One Lot, or in Parcels, and either by Public Auction or by Private Contract, for such Price or Prices in Money as to them or him shall seem reasonable; and upon Payment of the Purchase Money for the fame in the Manner herein-after mentioned, do and shall convey, assign, or otherwise effectually . flure the Messuages, Hereditaments and Premises comprised in the said Sale or Sales to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and to his, her, and their Heirs. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to the Nature and Quality of the fame respectively, or to such other Person or Persons, or in such other Manner as he or they shall direct or appoint, absolutely and for ever freed and discharged as hereinbefore is mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Application of said several Estates hereby made saleable, or any Part of the fame, shall pay his, her, or their Purchase' Money or respective Purchase Monies in Manner herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) in the First Place the said Purchaser or Purchasers shall pay his, her, or their Purchase Money or Purchase Monies in and towards Discharge of the principal Sum or Sums of Money (if any) which shall be due on the Estates comprised in his, her, or their Purchase or respective Purchases, by way of Mortgage, and also of the Debts and Legacies, the Payment of which is intended lo be provided for under the said Trusts, of the said Term of Five hundred Years j and after Payment and Discharge of all the said Debts and Legacies, the said Purchaser or Purchasers shall pay his, her, or their Purchase Money or respective Purchase Monies into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be there placed to his Account, ex parte the Purchasers of the Estates of the late Sir John Wiliiamde la Pole, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, Chapter Thirty-second, and the general Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfih Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-fourth, and the Receipt or Receipts of any Cashier of the Bank of England, for the said Purchase Monies hereby directed to be paid into the Bank of England; and the Certificate of the said Accountant General, annexed to such last-mentioned Receipt or Receipts, and filed in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery, shall be an effectual Rdeafe and Difcha ge to the Person or Persons paying the fame for the Money therein-mentioned and acknowledged to be received, and from being answerable for the Misapplication, or liable or bound to fee to the Application of the same.

HI. £nd

23ii 48° GEORGII III. Cap. tig.

nie-^aid 5to* Jt *urt^er enacted, That the Money arising from the said

the ourt of Sale or Sales, and to be paid into the Court of Chancery as herein before hr outTmieC 1S nientlone^' foal!» under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, the Directions upon a Petition tube presented to the said Court by the said Sir William of the Court. Templer de so Pole during his Life, and after his Decease by the Person or Persons who under the Will of the said Sir John William de la Pole would, for the Time being, be beneficially entitled in Possession to the Freehold Hereditaments for an Estate for Life, or an-Estate of Inheritance, in case this Act had not been made, if such Person or Persons shall be of full Age, but if such Person or Persons shall be under Age, by his, her, cr their Guardian or respective Guardians, during his, her, or their Minority or respective Minorities, be laid out or inverted in the Purch?fe or Purchases of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Inheritance to be situate in England, and the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased, shall immediately, upon or after the Purchase of the fame, be under the like Direction of the said Court of Chancery, conveyed, afiured, and settled to such of the Uses, upon and for such of the Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to such of the Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, and Declarations in and by the said Will of the said Sir John William de la Pole expressed and contained, of and concerning the Manors and other Hereditaments thereby devised, as shall then be subsisting and capable of taking EffecT

IV. And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time, and until the Purchase Money hereby direaed to be paid into the Bank of England shall be inverted in the Purchase of Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in pursuance of the Direaions herein-before contained, the same shall from Time to Time be laid out under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery in the Purchase of Navy or Viaualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest of the Money so laid out in the said Navy or Viaualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the same as they respectively are paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General in the Purchase of other Navy, Viaualling, or Exchequer Bills, and all the said Navy, Viaualling, and Exchequer Bills shall bedeposited in the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until proper Purchases being found for the Investment thereof, the fame shall, under the Direaion or the said Court of Chancery, be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold by the said Accountant General for the completing such Purchase or Purchases , and if the Money arising by the Sale of the Navy, Victualling, and Exchequer Bills, shall exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money so laid out as aforesaid, then and in such Case only the Surplus which shall remain of the same shall be paid to the Person or Persons respectively who at the Time when the Order for the Sale of the said Bills shall be made would for the Time being be-entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchased therewith in case the fame were then actually purchased and settled in pursuance of the Trusts and Directions of this Act, or to the Representative or Representatives of such Person or Persons.

UntilPurchafe Money inverted, fame to be laid out in Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Sills.

48u GEORGII HI. Caf.ng. =3*3

V. And be it further enured, That it shall be lawful for the Lid Court of Chancery, upon a Petition to be presented by the Persons, and ]:n^rv.c»:'io in th? Manner herein-before mentioned, iron) lime to "I in\e, to make UxC^a-. such Orders as the said Court shall think expedient, just, or reasonable, for allowing, t.xing, and settling all Cods, Charges, and Expences which have beet: or shall be incurred in obtaining and passing this Act, and in making the several Applications to the said Court in pursuance thereof, and in making and completing the said Sale or Sales of the Estates hereby made faieable, or any Part thereof, or for or respecting the Investment of any Part of the Monies which under this Act shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, according to the Directions herein contained, or other-wile, in carrying into Execution the Trusts and Purposes of this Act; and also from Time to Time to make Orders for Payment of all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, out of the Monies which shall arise from any of the said Sale or Sales, and which shall be l'o paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or out of the Monies arising by the Sale of the Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills to be purchased as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time, and until such Sale or Sales as aforesaid shall be made of the Estates hereby made Callable, the said Reginald Pole Carew and Sir Charles Morice Poky their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall permit the Rents and Profits of the Estates l'o to be sold to be paid, and applied by the Persons and in the Manner to and in which the Rents of the Estates deviled by the said Will of the said Sir John William de la Pole would, if this present Act had not been made, under the Trusts, Powers,

Injunctions, Provisoes, and Declarations therein expressed and contained, be for the Time being payable or applicable.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Settlement hereby made settlement of the Estates comprised in the Second Part of the First Schedule

to this Act, from and after the Decease of the said Dame Anne de la compliance Pole, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be a full and com- w-th the complete Performance of the Condition or Direction expressed and con- wljiVf'sir* tained in the said Will of the said Sir John William de la Pole, so far John tic u as the fame relates to the Hereditaments mentioned in the Second Part Pule* of the said First Schedule, that the said Sir William Templet de la Pole, or the Person or Persons who by virtue-of the fame Will should be entitled to the Hereditaments thereby deviled, should settle the Estates comprised in the said Indentures of the Seventh and Eighth Days of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, to the same Uses, and upon the fame Trusts, and with, under, and subject to the fame Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, as were by his said Will expressed, of and concerning the Manors and other Hereditaments thereby devised.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if the power to a?. said Reginald Pole Carew, and Sir Charles Morice Pole, or either of point new them, or any Trustee or Trustees who shall be appointed in the Stead AluluC5* oi them, or either of them, as herein-after is mentioned, or their or

[Loc. id Per.2 26 D any

23H

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

any of their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Affgns, shall die, or be desirous of being tiifcharged from the Trulls hereby created, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, upon a Petition, to be presentrd in a summary Way by the said Sir William Tempter de la Pole duiing his Life, and after his Decease by the Person or Persons so for the Time being entitled, as herein-before is mentioned, if such Person or Persons shall be of full Age; but if such Person or Persons shall be under Age, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians during his, her, or their Minority or respective Minorities, to appoint the Person or Persons to be proposed in the said Petition, or any Person or Persons named by the Court, to be a Trustee or Trustees :n the Place of the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be oifcharged; and thereupon all the said several Manors, Hereditaments, and Premises comprised in the Two several Schedules to this present Act, or such of them as shall from Time to Time remain vested in the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged, either solely or jointly, with the surviving or continuing Trustees or Trustee, or their or any of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, shall, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed and transfeired in such Sort and Manner as to become legally and effectually veiled in such new Trustee or Trustees, solely or jointly with the surviving or continuing Trustee or Trustees, as the Circumstances of the Cafe shall require, upon the Trulls and for the Intents and Purposes herein-before dec lared, of and concerning the lame respectively, or such of them as shall be then subsisting or capable of taking Effect; and that such new Trustee or Trustees shall, to all Intents, Effects, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, have all the Powers and Authorities of the Trustee or Trustees in whose Room he or they shall be substituted.

indemnifying

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That none of the pre-t..c liuLces. j-ent or future Trustees acting in the Execution of this Act shall be answerable or accountable for the other or others of them, or for involuntary Losses; and that by and out of any Money which shall come to their or his Hands or Eland by virtue of any of the aforesaid Trulls, it shall be lawful for them and him to retain to and reimburse themselves and himself respectively, all the Costs, Charges, and Expences which they or he may respectively incur or sustain in carrying the Trusts of the present Act into Execution, and not herein particularly provided for.

General X. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs

fcav,n®* and Successors, and to all and every other Persons and Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors. Administrators, and Assigns, (other than and except the said Dame Anne de la Pole, Sir William Templer de la Pole, Marianne de la Pcie> and the Sons and Daughters of the said Sir William Templer de la Pole and Marianne de la Pole, and the Heirs Male of the respective Bodies of such Sons and Daughters; and the said Reginald Pole Carew, Sir Charles Morice Polet Edward Pole, and the Sons of the said Reginald Pale Carew, Sir Charles Morice Pole, and Edward Po!e} and the Heirs Male of the respective Bodies of the fame Sons; and the Heirs of the Body of the said Sir William Templer de la Pole, and the Heirs of the

Body

23I5

4.8s GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

Body of the said Marianne de la Pole, and the right Heirs of the said Sir John William de la Pole, and all and every other Person or Persons having or claiming, or who shall or may have or claim any E(tate?

Right, Title, or Interest of, in, or to the several Hereditaments and Premises hereby vested in the said Reginald Pole Carew and Sir Charles Morice Pele, and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators respectively, or any of them, or any Part or Parcel thereof, under the said several herein-before in Part recited Indentures, Deeds Poll, and other Assurances, or under the said Will of the said Sir John William de la Pole, or any of them, other than and except the Creditors or other Persons whose Debts are provided for, or intended to be provided for, by the said Indentures of the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Days of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight) all the Estate,

Right, Tide, Interest, Possibility, Property, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, which they or any of them had, held, or enjoyed, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed of, in, to, from, or out of the said several Hereditaments and Premises, in case this *\dt had not been made.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Act to be Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juf- te’.Vndtobc tices, and others. admitted as

4&- GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

eji6

The FIRST SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

The FIRST PART of tile First Schedule, containing a Particular of the settled

Estates not intended to be sold.

Counties and Names of Estates. Occupiers. Number of Acres. Yearly Rents.

DEVON. £ d.

Colyton and 1 Shute - 5 Colcombe and Longdowns Philip Mathews 203 3°o 0 0

Colyton Sharphayne and Frekehayne C John and William 1 \ Hawkins - S I49 114 0 0

Great Downhayne - Richard White 85 7° 0 0

Colyton and \ Slade and Heathayne John Warry - 17° 160 0 0

Mounthill and Courtfields - James White 57 % 0 0

Shute m Overlexhayne and Reedfham Margaret Potter - 40 yo 0 o

Little Kilhayne John Parlors §20 0 0

Skinners, Haddons, and 1 Cleaves - - / John Phippen 4+ 54 0 0

Oxenleaze, Barrow Mead, 7 and Swallow Close j George Phippen - 34 70 0 0

Flower Cloi'e, and Little t Lodge - *J James French 16 25 0

8x8 968 0 0

W. Bondi Surveyor.

The SECOND PART of the First Schedule, containing a Particular of the devised Estates intended to be settled in lieu of that Part of the settled Estates intended to be sold.

Counties and Panfhci. Names of Estates. Occupiers. Number < f Yearly Rents. Yearly Value.

DEVON. Colyton Greathouse Farm, Kings-") down, Storkers, and 5- William Lane l66 £ * J- 240 O c £ d. 280 O O

Boltfnayne - J Summerleaze Thomas Dare 5° 130 O O 140 O O

Cotlhayne George Beed 4? 0 0 60 O O

Colyford Tenement John Anning 25 +s 0 0 JO O O

Rawlins and N unford Matthew Lsddon - 23 7

Stanislaus Close John Edwards 1800

Logics Tenement Richard Oldridge - 5 14 0 0 J.L O O

Colcombe Mills and Rag - Ilaac Higgins 8 3d 0 0 36 O O

356 55s 0 0 628 O O

W* Bond3 Surveyor.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

2317

The SECOND SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

The FIRST PART of the Second Schedule, containing a Particular of that Part of the settled Estates intended to be sold.

IV. Bondt Surveyor.

The SECOND PART of the Second Schedule, containing a Particular of the devised f Rates intended to be sold.

Counties and Parishes. Names of Estates. Occupiers. Number of Acres. Yearly Rents.

DEVON. Sidbury The Manor or Lord ship of-\ Stone, with sundry Quit ( Rents, payable out of j Freehold Estates - -) - - - - £ d. 8

Cattle Tenement Sarah Mayne 47 60 0 0

The Reversionin Feeof Part^ of Sincombe, after the ( . Death of Ann Perry j Serle, aged 67 Years - J James Serle 35 __ -

Maynards, Haydons, and \ Sincombe Meadow - J William Dowell 49 0 0

Halftaves William Gale .0 13 1° 0

Rag Orchard William Daniell - j 4 0 0

Ham and High Street John Bishop 4 ,0 0

1 I

[Loc. & Ptr-2 26 E

2318

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 119,

The Second Schedule—(continued.)

Counties and Pan dies. Names of Estates. Orcupiers. Number of Acnrs. Yearly Rents.

DEVON. £ J.

Sidbury Reversion in Fee of West's,"I after the Death of Hannah f George Farthing - n -

West, aged 40 Years - J

Reversion in Fee of Far-^ thing’s, after the Death of ( George Farthing, aged 63 j Years - - J George Farthing - 18 -

Sidmouth Kcyparks Edward Canniford H 10 .0 0

Mufbury Little Trull John Holkins 59 8j 0 0

DORSET. Broadwinfor - The Manor or Lordship 'j and Liberty of Broad- winfor, with Courts Leet, 1 Courts Baron, Wafts v Lands, Rights, Royalties, f and Chief Rents payable

within the Manor - J

Paull’a Tenement Edward Neal 62 63 O O

Colcombe Benjamin Studley - 28 19 O O

Mantle's Tenement f Daniel Ewens and ~l I John Johhfon j 24 45 ° 0

England’s Meadows John Damen 24 36 0 0

The Reversion in Fee oK Netherhay, after the Death I of Mary Lowman, aged j 69 Years - - J 34 —

The Reversion in Fee of Bar-") nardfhays, after the Deaths of Betty Daniel, aged 1 Thirty-two Years, and f Robert Bryant Jones, j aged Twenty-eight Years J —

The Reversion in Fee oK Kagge'ts, after the Death I of John Ewens, aged 40 f Years - J —

The Reversion in Fee of^ Common Closes, after the j Deaths of Thos. Perham, ! aged Se\enty-two Years, j and Betty Spear, aged Sixty live Years - - J 2l| —

4-8’ GEORGII III. Cap. 119. 2319

The Second Schedule—continued.

Counties and Parishes. Names of Estates. Occupiers. Number of Acres. Yearly Rents.

DORSET. Broadwinfor - The Reversion in Fee of"\ sundry Cottages held for 1 Lives by Wm Davis, Sam1 1 Rendle, Wm Hore, Sam1 1 Chick, James Hawker, \ John Perkins, Abraham [ Miller, John Guppy, I Sami Hitchcock, and 1 John Marsh - - J - - 3 £ *. J.

And all other Lands and Hereditaments within the Parish of Broadwinfor, which were the Efbte and Inheritance of Sir John Wil liam de la Pole, Bart, deceased.

Symondfbury - Atram Robert Hufley 40 75 0 0

Broad Oak Charles Chick 18 19 O O

Whicechurch 7 Canonicorum J Great Pitt Robert Fooks 34 31 IO O

DEVON. The Manor of AUerpeverell,") with sundry Quit Rents, payable out of Freehold i Estates, and' all Waste f Lands and Rights apper-j taining thereto - j - - - - 3 15 0

Mutterton Moor and Lango ford Heathfield, within \ the said Manor - - j - 200 —

Newton Ab-*\ bott, in the 1 Parish of j Woolborough J The Reversion in Fee of the") Sun Inn, with a Plot of j Ground adjoining, after f the Death of Shep- herd, aged Forty Years - J - * —

W. Bond, Surveyor.

2320

4SU GEORGII III. Cap. iu)

The THIRD SCHEDULE to which this A<3 refers.

NAMES OF MORTGAGEES AND LEGATEES.

Nathaniel Bishop -

Lord Graves -

John Dickinson

Representatives of Joshua Harcombe, deceased

Francis Putt -

Ethelred Try on -

William Beed -

Representatives of Robert Warry, deceased

Legatees;

Dame Anne de la Pole Marianne de la Pule -

George Warry -

Elizabeth Warry -

John Ttmpler -

George Templer *» - - " -

Richard Hotherfall Hallett Charles Buckland Richard Mal!ock

32,800 o o

y. Bawden.

48° GEORGII ILL Cap. 119,

2321

The FOURTH SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Containing Particulars of the Bond and Simple Contract Debts of Sir John William* De la Pole, Baronet, deceased, remaining unpaid j and an Account of the unapplied Residue of his Personal Estate.

NAMES OF CREDITORS.

Sums

John Templer

John Scobell

- Coombes

Samuel Snook

Ogden and Company

Gibson and Company

Hawkes and Company

Executors of Leader, deceased

Executors of Thomas Bull, deceased

Gauntlett and Company

Sir Bourchier Wrey, Baronet John Gill

George Templer

- Farrell

Sarah West -----Sartorius

- Longman and Co.

John Bawden1

- Sollars

- Pemain

Henry Delhauty Charles Gaunnes

- Shew

- Hoare

- Garden and Stratton

- Russell

- Bonner

- Saunders

John Head

Interest on Debts paid, about

1,900 0

900 0

8co 0

400 0

230 0

0

5° 0

0

40 0

120 0

70 0

20 0

200 0

275 0

100

100 0

40 0

35 0

0

0

37 0

48 0

84 0

9 *4

2+

H7 6

13 9

10 7

7

26 8

200 0

6,312 6

C. ‘Templer.

\Loc.tS Per.] 16 F

The

2322

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 119.

Ths Fcurth Schedule—(continued).

An ACCOUNT of the unapplied Residue of the Personal Estate of Sir John William De la Pole, Baronet, deceased.

the Island of Saint \

Due on Mortgage of an Estate i Christopher, in the West Indies

Due from Sir William Templer de la Pole, Baronet, for' the Purchase Money of Housekold Goodfe and Furniture at Shute House

Due from Sir William Templer de la Pole, Baronet.'v for Sums advanced to him out of the Perfor.ai Ef- I tate of Sir John William de la Pole, Baronet, de- f coafed

3

1,667 1 11

G. Templer.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahai:, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. rSoS,

ANNO QJJADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. i zo.

An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Thomas Peter Legh Esquire, deceased, to grant Building and Repairing Leases of certain Estates in the Parish of Warrington, and in the Township of Bleak-ley near Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, and to accept Surrenders, and for appointing ot new Trustees, and for other Purposes.

[i 8th June 1808.]

WHEREAS Thomas Peter Legh, late of Lyme in the County of Chester, Esq <ire, deceased, was at the Date and Publication of his hit Will and Testament herein-after recited, and at his Death seised to him and his Heirs in Fee Simple of divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the Town and Parish of iVar-ringjon in the County of Lancaster, and in the Township of Bleakley near Manchester, in the said County of Lancaster, and by his lad Will and Teltament in Writing duly executed and attested for the Devise of Lands of Inheritance, and bearing Date on or about the Twenty-sixth Day of April One thousand seven hun.'red and ninety-seven, ordered and directed all his just Debts, Funeral Exoences, and the Charge of the Probate to be paid, and with the Payment thereof he charged and made chargeable his Real as well as Personal Efta:e; and the said Testator gave, devised, and bequeathed unto his Mother Elizabeth Charlotte Legh (since deceased) the Mansion-house of Goiborne Park, with all the Lands held therewith, together with the Furnitu e, Plate, and Linen, and all the Stock of Cattle and Horses that should be upon the Estate at the Time of the said Testator’s Death, together with One Annuity of One thousand Pounds \Loc» & P(r.~\ 26 G during

Wiikf n 0- mas Peter Legh, Esquire* daied »6th April 1797.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 120.

during her Life; and subject: thereto the said Testator gave and devised unto Richard Croffc Esquire (who hath fmce assumed and taken the Surname of L(gh by virtue of the Royal Sign Manual) and the Reverend George Heron, all and every his Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever and wheresoever, ujion Trull that they or their Heirs should raise by Mortgage the several Sums in his said Will and herein-after mentioned, that is to say, the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds for the Testator’s natural Son William, and the Sum of Five thousand Pounds for each of his natural Daughters therein and herein-after named, when they should severally attain their respective Ages of Twenty-one Years or marry; but the said Testator diie&ed that if they should die under Age and unmarried, the Legacy should fink into and become Part of the Residue of his Estate; and he ordered and directed that the said several Sums should carry Interest, and that his said Trustees should apply so much of the Interest as they should think proper towards the Education a^d bringing up of his said Children rdpecf ively; and he gave and devised ro Mary Allen the Bouse (he then lived in (being a House situate in Golhorne in the said County of Lancaster') with all the Furniture and Lar d (lie then held, and the Cottages which the said Testator purchased from John Taylor (being Cottages situate in Golhorne aforesaid) during her natural Life, and also an Annuity of Fifty Pounds Half-yearly; and he gave and bequeathed unto each of his Servants a Year’s Wages (being Legacies which have been discharged); and ordered and directed his said Trustees and their Heirs to apply the Rents and Profits of all his said Estatesfor the Payment of his Debts and Legacies, until his natutal Son' Thomas Lcgh should attain his Age of Twenty-one Years, and when he should have attained his said Age the Testator gave, devised, and bequeathed unto his said Son Thomas and his Assigns, all his Real Estate whatsoever, to hold the fame unto his said Son Thomas and his Assigns during the Term of his natural Life, and from and after the Determination of that Estate by Forfeiture or otherwise, he gave, devised, and bequeathed the fame unto the said Richard Legh and George Heron and their Heirs during the Life of his said Son Thomas, upon Trust to preserve the contingent Uses and Estates therein-after limited from being defeated or destroyed, and for that Purpose to make Entries and bring Actions as Occasion should require, but nevertheless to permit his said Son dbomas and his Assigns to hold and enjoy the fame during the Term of his natural Life; and from and after his Decease the said Testator gave, devised, and bequeathed the fame unto the First Son of the Body of his said Son Thomas and the Heirs Male of such First Son lawfully issuing, and in Default of such Issue to the Second, Third, Fourth, and every other Son and Sons of his Son Thomas, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, the eldest of such Sons and the Heirs Male of his Body being always to be preferred, and take before the younger of such Sons and the Heirs Male of his Body; and in Default of such Issue he gave, dsevifed, and bequeathed, all his said Real Estates unto his natural Son William, in the same Manner as he had settled the fame upon his Son Thomas; and in Default of such Issue he pave and devilbd the fame unto his Sifter Martha Anne Ormerod> therein called Mistress Ormerod, and her Assigns during her natural Life, and after her Decease he gave and devised the fame unto her Daughter Charlotte Anne Ormerod, therein called Charlotte Ormerod, and her Assigns, in the same Manner as he had settled the fame upon his Sons Thomas and William; and in Default of such

Issue

2327

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 12o.

Hue be gave and devlfed the fame unto each of his natural Daughters successively according t - their Seniority, in like Manner as he had before settled it; and in Default of such IiTue he gave and deviled the fame unto his Coul'rn George Anthony Legh Keck, in like Manner as he had before limited it to his laid Sons; and in Default of such Iflmi he gave and deviled the fame unto his own right Heirs; and he directed that his said Sons nvght, as they should respectively succeed to thd Inheritance of his said Effaces, charge the fame with any Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds for the Portions of Daughters or younger Sons, and with any J inture not exceeding One thousand Pounds per Annum; and the said Testator di ected that the Savings of his Estates should accumulate (alter the necessary Expences of supporting his Mansion-houses and his Debts and Legacies were paid) and go to the Person who should succeed to his find Estates, and appointed the said Richard Legb and George Heron Executors: And wrhereas the said Tellator departed this Life pe*rb' on or ..bout the Seventh Day of August One thousand seven hundred and u u a or* ninety-seven, without having altered or revoked his said herein-before in Part recited lad Will and Testament, leaving the said Martha Anne Or-merod his Sifter and Heir at Law: And whereas the said Testator Thomas Peter Legh left his laid natural Sons Thomas Legh and William Legb, and his Four na ural Daughters in his said Will named, and afterwards called Maria Legh, Emma Legh, Mary Legh and Margaret Legh, his said . 'ons and Daughters having severally afiumed and taken the Surname of Legh under and by virtue of the Royal Sign Manual: And whereas under and order of the by virtue of an Order of the H>gh Court of Chancery, made and pro- C urtofChan-nounced on or about the Nineteenth Day of December One thousand '"JJ Decern eight hundred, in a Cause depending in the said Court, wherein the said ber >xco,ap-Richard Legh and George Heron were Complainants, and the said Martha f^nfnsoF Anne Qrmerod, Elizabeth Charlotte Legh, Thomas Legh, and others, were the infants. Defendants, it was ordered that the fai<i Richard Legh and George Heron should be appointed Guardians of the said Thomas Legh, William Legh,

Maria Legh Emma Legh, Mary Legh, and Margaret Legh, during their respective Minorities; and all of them except the said Maria Legh are yet Infants: And whereas the said MariaLegh hath intermarried with and is now the Wife of Thomas Claughton Esquire, but there is not any Hue of their Marriage now living: And whereas the said Charlotte Anne Ormerod hath departed this Lite, having first intermarried with John Hargreaves Esquire, by whom Ihe hath left Hue One Son only named John, of the Age of Four Years or thereabouts, and the said John Hargreaves is the natural Guardian of his said Son; and the said George Anthony Legh Keck hath no Hue:

And whereas the Towns of Warrington and manchester have of late Years The Towns of very greatly increased in Trade and Number of Inhabitants, and in confc- w,n inPton quence thereof an Increnfe of Buildings is much wanted in the said Towns and in the Neighbourhood thereof respectively, and the Lands and Premises late of the said Thomas Peter Legh, lituare within the f.-.id PariHi of Warrington, and in Bleakley, near Manchester aforesaid, are for the moll Part from their Situation very proper and convenient to be built upon:

And whereas divers Patts of the said Lands and Premises late of the said Tefbt&r>. Thomas Peter Legh, within the said Parish of Warrington and in Bleakley, Eir^for-near Manchester aforesaid, have been formerly granted out upon Leases for ,neily Krant£d One, Two, or Three Lives, or for Years determinable upon the Death of Lcafffor One, Two, or Three Person or Persons, and many of the said Leases are yet Live;* in Existence, but the several Persons for whose Lives the same are holden

or

2328

Applica'ions

made for the R-M-wat of such Leases.

No Power of

appointing

newTiultees.

granting

Builifiaz Leaf-0 beneficial to the Pei fans inerdteri.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 120.

or on whole Deaths the said Leases are determinable are considerably ad«-vanced in Yta s, or the said Leases in some Instances depend only upon One 01 Two Lives, and the several Persons entitled to the beneficial In ter eft in such Leases are deterred froni erecting any Bail ings or making other Improvements upon the Lands and Premises so holden, although the same are most: conveniently adapted from their Situation in and near to the said downs of Watrington and Manchester, for such Improvements, and the Houses and Buildings thrrern are for the most Part very ruinous 2nd decayed, and require to be taken down and rebuilt or otherwise substantially repaired: And whereas many of the Lessees of the said Lands and Premises are anxious and have made frequent Applications for the Renewal of such Leases, and the present Rental of the said Lands and Premises might be much increased and the Property itself greatly improved and augmented in value in case such Leases could be renewed: And whereas no Power of appointing new Trustees is contained in the said recited Will, and it will be convenient and for the Benefit of all Persons interested in the said devised Estates that the want of that Power should be supplied: And whereas the making of Leases of Lands for building upon within the said Purish of Warrington and in Bleakley near Manchester aforesaid, upon a certain Rent to be reserved in such Leases, would tend greatly to the Benefit and Improvement of the Lands and Estates late of the said Thomas Peter Legh, and to the Advantage of all Persons interested in the fame Estates; and the Renewal of the subsisting Leases or the Acceptance of Sur-renders of the present Leases for the Purpose of granting new Leases thereof, upon the Terms of having newHouses and Buildings erected on the demised Premises or the old Houses and Buildings substantially repaired, would also be greatly for the Benefit of the Persons interested in the fame Lands *, and the said Richard Legh and George Heron, and also the said Martha Shine Ormerod, John Hargreaves the Father as such Guardian, Thomas Claughtm and Maria his Wife and George Anthony Legh Keck, are desirous that such Leases for Lives should be renewed and such other Leases made as aforesaid, and that there should be a Power to appoint new Trustees; but forasmuch as the fame cannor be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, Your Majesty's most dutiful and Loyal Subjects, the said Richard Legh and George Heron, on Behalf of the Infant Children of the said Thomas Peter Legh-, Martha Anne Ormerod and John Hargreaves the Father (on Behalf of his Infant Son) Thomas Claughton, and Maria his Wife, and George Anthony Legh Keck, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Richard Legh and George Heron and the Survivor of them, his Executors or Administrators, from Time to Time and at all Times, with the Consent and Approbation of the Person or Persons who for the Time being and from Time to Time shall be in the Possession of or entitled to the Rents of the Houses, Buildings, or Lands to be granted, demised, or leased as hereinafter mentioned, from Time to Time pursuant to the Powers hereinafter contained, in case such Person or Persons respectively shall be of the Age of Twenty-one Years, and if under that Age then during the Minority of such Person or Persons respectively, with the Content of his, her, or their

Guardian

2329

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 120.

Guardian or Guardians for the Time being, whether such Guardian or Guardians shall be a Guardian or Guardians appointed by the High Court of Chancery, by Will, by Socage or by Nature (such Guardians to be preferred in the Order in which they are named) by Indenture or Indentures to be sealed and delivered by the said Richard Legh and George Heron, or the Survivor of them, his Executors or Administrators, and with such Consent as aforesaid, to demise and lease all or any Part of the said Lands and Premises situate and being within the said Parish of Warrington and in Bleaklcy near Manchester aforesaid, and mentioned in the Schedule to this Act, unto such Person or Persons as is, are or shall be willing to build upon, lebuild, or substantially repair and improve the fame, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, absolutely or determinable on the Death of any One, Two, or Three Person or PeTons, with Liberty for the Lessee or Lessees, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to takedown all or any Part or Parts of the Buildings, if any handing upon the Premises in such Lease or Leases, to be respectively comprised, and to convert and dispose of the Materials thereof to such Uses and Purposes as shall be in such Leases respectively mentioned, and also to lay out and appropriate any Part of the Premises comprised in such Lease or Leases as and for a Garden or Gardens, Way or Ways. Passage or Passages for the Use and Convenience of such Lessee or Lessees and other the Tenants and Occupiers of the said Premises, in such Manner as in the said Lease or Leases shall be also mentioned and agreed upon; so as every such Lease shall be made of the said Premises in order that the fame or some Part thereof may be, or in Consideration that the fame or some Part thereof hath in pursuance of some Agreement for that Purpose been built upon, rebuilt or otherwiselubltai.tially repaired and improved; and so as in every such Lease there shall be reserved and made payable Half-yearly or ofteaer during the Continuance thereof to the said Richard Legh and George Heron, their Heirs or AiTigns, or the Person or Persons for the Time being b neficially entitled to the Rent of the said devised Estates to be comprised in such Lease or Leases respectively, the belt and mod improved Yearly Rent and Rents, noc iefs than at the Rate of One Penny a Year, fur every square Yard of Ground comprised in such Lease or Leases respectively, that at the Time of contrafting for such Lease or Leases respectively can be reasonably had or gotten lor the fame Premises respectively, without taking any Sum or Sums of Money or other Thing by way of hine, Income, or Foregifc for or in respect of such Lease or Lqafe* respectively; and so as in every such Lease there shall be contained a Clause of Re-entry for Nonpayment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved; and so as the Person or Persons respectively to whom such Lease or Leases fhalibemade shall seal and execute a Counterpart or Counterparts of the Indenture or Iindentures of such Lease or Leases, and enter into Co*K-n;‘ii!s to build and keep in Repair the Messuages, Erections, and Buildings intended and agreed to be erected and built upon the Premises, and also in a firm and substantial Manner to rebuild and repair the Messuages and Buildings now built and agreed, or intended to be only rebuilt and repaired, and from Time to Time when there shall beOccasion to take down and rebuild the Lme, and shall enter into such other Covenants, Clauses. Conditions, Stipulations, Provisoe%and Agreements, as by the Person or Persons making such Leases shall be deemed reasonable and proper for the Improvement and Supportpf the said Estate of the f t id TePutor to \Loc ft? Per,] 26 H be

233°

to accept Surrender of Leases so: m Purpo.V matin,; new Leases.

Rent during the Continuance of the Lease furren-dered.

Eipences of the Act.

Application of the Rents reserved

Power to ap-Trustee*.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 120.

be comprised in such Lease or Leases respectively and intended to be bui’t on or improved as aforesaid.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it thali and may be lawful to and for the said Richard Legh and George Heron and the Survivor of them, his Executors or Administrators, with such Consent as aforesaid, to accept and receive the Surrender or Surrenders of any Lease or Leases already granted or to be granted of all or any of the said Lands and I'remifes situate and being within the said Parish of Warrington and in Rleakley near Manchester aforesaid, on which any Life or Lives, or other Term or 1 erms is, are, or Hull be in being, for the Purpol’e of making a new Lease or Leases by virtue of the Power contained in this Act: Provided always, and notwithstanding any Thing hereinbefore contained, the Lease or Leases to be made in Cor sideration of any such Surrender or Surrenders of all or any Part of the Hereditaments to be comprised in any such Surrender shall be good, noiwith-standing the Rent or Rents to be reserved by such new Lease or Leases shall during the Life or Lives or other Time or Times for which the Lease or Leases to be so surrendered was or were to have had Continuance be less titan at and after the Rate of One Penny per Square Yard; so nevertheless as the Rent to be reserved in such new Lease or Leases, shall for such Period be equal to or greater than the Rent or Rents respectively reserved by the Lease or Leases to be so surrendered.

III. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall or may be incurred by reason or on account of applying for obtaining and paiiing this Act, or in anywise incident or relating thereto, shall be paid and discharged by and out of the Rents and Profits of the Real Estates late of the said Thomas Peter Legh, as Part of the Debts for the Payment of wh.ch Provision is made by the said Will.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Rents to be reserved upon all the Leases to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be for the Benefit of the Person or Persons respectively to whom the said Premises in such Lease or Leases to be comprised, or the Rents and Profits thereof, would belong by or under the Limitations in the said Will contained, according to the respective Estates, Interests, Uses and Trusts therein ex-prclfed.and in such Course, Order, and Manner as the Rents and Profits of the said Premises should or would by virtue of or under the Limitations of the said Will have gone and been received if such Lease or Leases had not been made; subject nevertheless to the Payment of the Debts and Legacies of the said Testator, as far as the lame are charged or chargeable on the said deviled Estates under or by virtue of his said Will and remain UDpaid.

V. And be it further enacted, That if the said Richard Legh and George Heron or either of them shall happen to die, or be desirous to be discharged from or become incapable to ad in the Trusts, Powers, and Authorities iiereby and by the said Will in him and them reposed or veiled, at any Time before the fame Trusts, Powers, and Authorities shall have been fully performed and executed, then and in either of the said Cafes, and when and as often as the same shall happen, it shall and may

2 be

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 320.

be lawful to and for the High Court of Chancery upon a Petition to be preferred by the said Thomas Legh during his Life, and after his Decease by the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said deviled Eflate9, if of Age, or if such Person or Persons shall be an Infant or Infants, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, in a summary Way to appoint any other Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees for the Purposes of the said Will and ol this Act in the Place and Stead of the said Richard Legh and George Heron, or such of them as shall die or be desirous to be discharged from or become incapable to ad in the aforesaid Trulls, Powers, and Authorities, and so from Time to Time as often as there shall be Occasion upon the like Petition to appoint any other Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in Manner and for the Purposes aforesaid in the Place and Stead of the present or any succeeding or other Trustee or Trustees who shall so die or be desirous to be discharged from or become incapable to ad in the aforesaid Trusts, Powers, and Authorities; and that when and as often as any such new Trustee or Trustees shall be appointed as aforesaid, all and singular the said Messuages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments by the fame Will vested in the said Richard Legh and George Heron, shall thereupon with all convenient Speed be conveyed and aflfured so and in such Sort, Manner, and Form that the same shall be legally and effectually vested in the surviving or continuing former Trustee or Trustees, and such new Trustee or Trustees, or wholly in such new Trustees, as the case may require, and their Heirs, upon the Trusts and for the Intents and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers and Authorities contained in the said Will and in this Act; and that such Trustees for the Time being and the Survivor of them and his Heirs, shall have and may exercise all and every the Powers and Authorities hereinbefore contained and given to the said Richard Legh and George Heron and the Survivor of them, his Executors and Administrators, any Thing herein-before or in the said Will of the said Thomas Peter Legh contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall be lawful for the High Court of Chancery from Time to Time to make such Orders as the said Court shall think expedient, just, or reasonable, for allowing, taxing, and settling all Colts, Charges and Expences, which have been or shall be incurred in obtaining and passing this Act and otherwise relating thereto.

VII. Saving always to the King's most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, or their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, Ailminiftrato-s, and Assigns (other than and except the said Richard Legh and George Heron and their Heirs, Thomas Legh and William Legh respectively and their Sons, and the Heirs of the Bodies of them the said Thomas Legh and William Legh, and the fame Sons respectively, Martha Anne Ormerod and her Heirs, John Hargreaves the younger, and the Hrirs of his Body. Thomas Claughton and Maria his Wife, Emma Legh, Mary Legh, and Margaret Legh and their respective Sons, the Heirs of the Bodies of the said Maria Claughton, Margaret Leght Emma Legh, and Mary Legh respectively, and of their Sons, George Anthony Legh Keck, and his Sbns, and the Heirs of the Bodies of the said

ns*

Chancery to rax the Celt* of the Ait.

Sav-i.g.

2332

Act to he Evidence.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 120.

said George Anthony Legh Keck, and of the fame Sons, and other the Person or Persons (if any) entitled to or claiming or to claim any Estate or Ir.tercfl; by virtue of or under the said Will of the said Thomas Peter Legh deceased) all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever at Law or in Equity, of, in, to or out of the said Lands and Premises within the said Parish of Warrington and in Bleakley near Man-chester aforesaid, and comprised in the Schedule to this AG or any Part thereof, as they, every or any of them had before the passing of this AG, or could or might or ought to have had and enjoyed in case this AG had not been made.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Jufhces, and others.

The

2333

4S° GEORGII III. Cup. 120. The SCHEDULE referred to.

IN THE TOWN AND PARISH OF WARRINGTON.

Divers Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments, noiv or late in the Possef* lion of the several Persons herein-after mentioned, or of their Under-tenants, containing of Customary Measure the several Quantities of Land or thereabouts (be the fame more or less) and let at the several Rents set forth in the Columtjs here-unto annexed.

TENANTS.

Alhton, John

- Richard

Ackers, Edward Ainsworth, George Do.

Do.

Anderton, Thomas Atherton, Jonathan Do.

Arrowsmith, William Bate, Ralph Do.

Birch, William Birtles, William Heirs Boyer, John Bibby, William Elackburne, John, Esq.

Do.

Do.

Boficow, Joseph Smith, William

A Plot of Land and Buildings, with the Appurtenances behind Trinity Chapel Henry Goodier Bludwick, John Bent, Ellis Heirs Do.

Do.

Do.

Cheadle, Ann

Dean, Miss Dutton, Peter, Esq.

Fitchett, James

- Thomas

- Do.

Goodier, Henry Gilbody, Joseph Hughes, William Harrison, Samuel Hatton, James - ,

Helketh, Mr. William [Loc. fc? Per.]

Molynex’s

Part of Barton’s

Barron’s

Three Crowns

Part of Stanton’s, a Cottage

Part of Faulkner's

Blue Bell

Part of Stanton’s

Troopers Acre

Milieu’s

Mrs. A. Legh's

TidmufPs

Sankey-street

Ridings

Boyer’s

Rose and Crown Befwick’s Coney Corner Unsworth’s

Part of Faulkner’s Late Henry Goodier’s

Lately used as a School

Late Mr. ICerfoot’s Bent’s

Ardeme’s Mrs. A. Legh’s

Market Gate Part of Faulkner’s Clam brook Part of Stanton’s

f Profit Lane Fields 1 Part of Stanton's Part of Faulkner’s Tollett’s Meadow Wood’s

Three-nook’d Field Part of Hdkcth’s

2 6 /

RENTS. MS.SUXE.

£ u d. A p p

o 5° O O l6

O4O o 0 8i

0l5 0

73 10 0 0 I 20

600 —

990 O I 27

1 2 0 3 34

A5 0 0 0 0 34

12 12 0 1 1 31

0 0 16

ir> 16 0 4 3 20

060 0 2 16

.0 12 8

0 10 6 0 0 i2

086 0 3 29

0 7 0 0 0 13X

0 15 0 6 2 2?i

090

046 4 2 !4t

11-00 0 I 33

0 3 33

ai 0 0 3 2 2

0 4 0 1 1 33

O 7 2

O 36 O O 2i

1 15 0

C Six hundred

O 10 0 < fifty fqiiare

t Yards.

40 O O o- 0 1

3 10 0 0 I igi

030 2 2 18

£ 0 0 A Warehouse.

1 10 0 A Cottage.

6jj 3 0 3 a 6

$ 0 0 0 3 28

0 2 6 *5 0 0 1 2 i9'

080 4 0 35

Hodgkinson

2334- 42° GEORGII III. Cap. 12c,

SCHEDULE-^,- mud.

TENANTS. NAME OF* ESTATE. RENTS. MEASURE*

Hodgkinson, Mary House, Part of Molynex’s £. d.

Do. Two Fields of Do. 2 3 19

Johnson, John Cook’s . 007

Kay, Elizabeth - f Seven hundred < and four

Lyon, Thomas, Esq. Watkins o 18 8 £ square Yards.

Do. Clayton - (. >5 3

Do. Crolden Horl'e-shoe *08

Do. Warehouse 850 6 0 l6|

Do. Road to Cooper’s 0 a 6 000

Do. 0 13 0

Leigh, Thomas Jolley and Locker’s

Litton, John Mrs. A. Legh’s

Mather, Richard Batterfby Field

Claughton, Thomas, Esq. Late Crossley’s TidmufT's 113 0 0 6 0 ,9|

060 O j 28

Newtons, Reverend Corn Market 0. in 0

Kenedy, Jbfiah Late Nicklon’s 35 O O ° ° 4*

Orford, Dr. House, Sankey llreet

Claughton, Thomas, Esq. School Field I 0 18

Orrett, William, Esq. Ram’s Head i 0 6 0 0 35

Thomas Cave, Joicph Anderson,'| Joseph Hayhurst, and Charles > Whittaker - J -

Peers, John Plumber’s Arms oxoo 0 0 10

Pemberton, Dr. Hurst’s

Percival, Dr. — 2 0 16

Pickton, Ralph Stretches T4 0 0 0 0 22

Patten, Peter, Esq. Turner’s 2 0X2

Do. White Cross 22 2 X2

Do. Six Acres 0 12 O

Do. Owen’s 5

Do. Wouiey’s 1 8 9 8 1 28

Do. Cheshire’s - 0 6 6

Pierpoint, James Small Garden' I I O

Riley, Thomas LoUghlane 0 2 0 0 2 3s

Rowland, 1 homas 6 6 0 —

Roby, Peter Part of Travis 260 —

Smith, William -

Shaw, Mary Part of Travis

Smith, Thomas — — — 050 0 0 16

Sherlock, Samuel -

Simpson, Mark Woolpack 020 0 0 19

Travis, John Part of Travis 210

Topping, James, Esq- Late Mrs. A. Legh’s 20 0 0 2 0 28

Do. New House - . 1 0 / 2,586 fqujrc Yards.

080

Woolrich, 1 homas - " - 900 f 1,482 square

Kerfoot, Mr. Dole in Arpley '« 020 0 3 0

Wilson, Joseph Leadbeater’s 0 5 2

Whifhaw, Hugh Oldham’s - 080 0 2 8

Woodcock, John Summer House 1 0 0 0 O 24

Widders, Peter Late Br. Lee’s 35 0 0 0OOO

Worrall, Mr. 16 4 0 OOOO

Lee, Brunton’s Heirs Barky Mow 0 15 0

Blackburne, Isaac, Esq. Pickerings and Birds LII?)

Late John Higginbotham Donbavands 0 1 6

Lee, Thomas 026 0 3 29

WhitnalPf, Robert Heirs Tomlinson’s - 020

Bancroft, John Late Jonathan Atherton’s 4 IO O 0 2 35

Total — 719 to 8 183 1 26!

48° GEORGII III. Cap.no.

*ps

The SCHEDULE—continued.

In the TOWNSHIP of BLEAKLEY.

Divers Messuages, Buildings, Lands, and Hereditaments, now or late in the Possefliori of the several Persons hereinafter mentioned, or ot their Undertenants; containing in large Cheshire Measure the several Quantities of Land or thereabouts (be the fame more or less)andletatthe several Rents set forth in the Columns hereunto annexed.

TENANTS. NAME OF ESTATE. RENTS. MEASURE.

Barlow, Thomas, Executors Hodges - - C d.

Booth and Ireland Watercourse 30 —

Clegg, John - - Clouglibottom 4 5 8

Dawson, James — 14 —

Fletcher, John Horrocks - 2 1 iS

Howard, Edward Smithy -

Kay, Widow Carvin’s Cottage 3 u — — 3 22

Ogden, James Potter’s Cottage — 5 - — s

Scholes, Mary, Executors Hunt’s Green 19

Reason, Robert

Scholes, Robert - Demesne - 8a 2 2t

Ditto Ogden’s 13 5 — 17 1 17

Ditto - Edge’s Cottage 34

Ditto Reason’s - 1 5 —

Scholes, Joseph - Dawson's 11

Ditto ’ - "White Lion - — 20

——, Joseph For Royle’s Cottage Royle’s Cottage Jack Hill — 4 —

Travis, Robert . — 6 —

-, James - Upton, John - 16

Plants - - - M 29 — 30

Total 204 II , V8 — '9

The Remainder of the Estates devised by the Will of the said Thomas Peter Legh, subject to the Annuity of Fifty Pounds per Annum to the said Mary Allen, and not directed to be leased by the Powers of this Act, are of the annual Value of Ten thousand Pounds and upwards.

John Ashton.

I

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1S08.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 121.

An Act for enlarging the Powers of an Act made in the First Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled " An Act to perpetuate " and better regulate the Charitable Foundation of " Doctor Nathaniel Foy, late Lord Bishop of

" Waterford and Lismore, in the City of Waterford," and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

\_i?>th "June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act of the Parliament ofmade in the First 1 Geo. 2. Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled " An Act to perpetuate and better regulate the Charitable Foundation of Doctor Nathaniel Foy, late Lord Bishop oiWaterford " and Lismore, in the City of Waterfordit is (among other Things) recited that the said Nathaniel Foy, by his last Will and Testament in Writing, rte'sHho °of bearing Date the Twenry-sixth Day of December One thousand seven hun- Waterford, dred and seven, did, among several other Legacies and Bequests therein contained, order and direct his Executors to pay unto his Sifter Mistress Elizabeth Moore the usual Interest Money or Yearly Produce of Six hundred Pounds by quarterly Payments, for her Maintenance during her Life; and to his Sifter Mistress Cajfandra Gibbon the usual Interest Money or Yearly Produce of Two hundred Pounds, by Quarterly Payments during her Widowhood; and thereby ordered that a School should be built with Lime and Stone in some convenient Place within the City of Waterford, and an Apartment at one End thereof for a School-tier. ti? Fer.] 16 K Master

2338

48° GEORGII til. Cap. 121.

Matter, who should be obliged to teach Fifty Children of the Inhabitants of Waterford gratis, to read, write, and call Accounts, and to say their Catechism j and that a Clergyman of the City of Waterford, to be appointed by the Lord Bishop of Waterford for the Time being, should be allowed Ten Pounds per Annum, to repair to the said School weekly, every Thursday in the Afternoon, and then and there, to examine the said Children, whether they perfectly retained their Catechism in Memory, and afterwards to instruct them in the Meaning and Sense thereof, after such plain and familiar and interrogatory Manner, as is suitable to the Capacity of Children, and that so shortly, briefly, and concisely, as that the whole Catechism might begone through Twice every Year, causing the said Children to give their Sense and Meaning of each Question and Answer, in their own Words, and according to their own Apprehensions, after such Time as they had been duly instructed by him; and as to all the rest and Residue of his Estate whatsoever, after his Debts, Funeral Expences, Legacies, and other former Bequests, mentioned in his said Will, should be paid and discharged, and after the Time of paying the Interest of Six hundred Pounds to his said Sitter Elizabeth Moorey and of the Two hundred Pounds Interest to his said Sifter Cajfandra Gibbon, should be lapsed and determined, and the said Interest should be no longer to be paid, by his said Will, he gave all such Rest and Residue of his Estate to be employed in the building the said School and Apartment for the Schoolmaster, and for the maintaining and upholding of the fame, and for purchasing Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to maintain the Schoolmaster, whom he thereby directed to have Forty Pounds a-Year for his Salary, and to pay the Minister’s Salary of Ten Pounds per Annum, who should perform the Office therein and herein before mentioned; and that if it should so happen, that the Residue of his Estate not disposed of therein by former Bequests, should be more than sufficienr, for the building and upholding the said School and Apartment, and to pay the Forty Pounds per Annum to the Schoolmaster, and Ten Pounds per Annum to the Minister, that then the Salaries of each of them should be encreased as high as his Estate would admit of; and that the Number of Scholars to be taught should be encreased proportionably to their Salaries, (that is to say), as the Proportion of Fifty Scholars is to the Proportion of Forty Pounds per Annum to the Schoolmaster, and Ten Pounds per Annum to the Minister, so should the Number of Fifty Scholars to be taught and instructed as aforesaid, be encreased according to the Increase of the Salaries before mentioned: And he further declared in his laid Will, that because the Design and Intent of the Foundation of the said School, was only to fit poor indigent Children for Trades, or the Latin School, none of the Scholars so to be taught should remain there aboveFour Years, to be computed from their first Adiniflion thereto; and did further order and direct by his said Will, that the Lord Bishop of Waterford for the Time being should have the Nomination, Choice, and Appointment of the said Schoolmaster and Minister to the said School; and that they and each of them jointly or severally should be continued or displaced at the said Bishop’s Pleasure, according as he should judge of their or either of their well or ill Demeanour of themselves in their rel'pec-tive Offices: And to the Intent that no Favour or Affection might take place, but that the greatest Objects of Charity might be preferred, he declared it to be his Desire and Request that the Mayor, with any Three Aldermen and the Sheriffs of the City of Waterford for the Time being,

should

2339

48° GEORGII IIJ. Cap. 121.

should quarterly, half-yearly, or yearly, according as the Scholars taught in the said School should be removed to Trades or otherwise, for the better Information and Direction of the Bishop, signify the Names of such Persons whom they should think fit to be admitted and taught in the said School, of whom if the Bishop should approve, upon signifying his Pleasure to the Schoolmaster, they were to be admitted and taught in the said School j but if it should so happen that he should disapprove of any of them, the said Bishop might place such others in their Rooms as he should think fit, and upon Neglect or Defect of such Recommendation the said Bishop was desired to take care that the Vacancy should be filled up according as he in his Prudence and Wisdom should think fit: And by his said Will did appoint the Reverend Thomas France and James Medlicot his Executors, who proved the said Will in the Prerogative Court of that Kingdom, and by virtue thereof possessed themselves of all the Estate belonging to the said late Lord Bishop, and soon after the said late Lord Bishop’s Decease built the said School-House and Apartment for the Master in pursuance of his said Will: And it is further recited, that the said Thomas France and James Medlicot did purchase the Town and Lands of Kellenafbegg, Mothill, and Ballyoguin, alias Bally Kneen, in the County of Waterford, from Reynolds Calthorpe and Samuel Battley: And that the said James Medlicot did some time after die, whereby the foie Execution of the said Will devolved upon the said Thomas France, as surviving Executor thereof, who after the said James Medlicot’s Death purchased the following Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, videlicet, the Town and Lands of Hacketts Town and Ballyowen, alias Ballywade, in the said County of Waterford, from the Trustees nominated and appointed for the Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir Thomas Pendergq/t, Baronet, an Infant, both which Purchases were so made by the said Thomas France and James Medlicot, and by the said Thomas France as aforesaid, in trust for and to the Uses declared in the said Will all which Lands then amounted to the Yearly Value of One hundred and ninety-one Pounds two Shillings and Twopence: And it is further recited, that the said Thomas France was also dead, and that he had by his lad Will and Testament in Writing appointed his Son and Heir Nathaniel France, Clerk, foie Executor, who proved the said Will in the Prerogative Court of that Kingdom; and that the foie Trust and Execution of the Will of the said late Lord Bishop was veiled in and devolved upon the said Nathaniel France: And it is further recited. That the said Elizabeth Moore and Cassandra Gibbon. were both dead; and that the said Nathaniel France did admit, that he had then in his Hands, after building the said School-House and Apartment, and after purchasing the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments and paying and discharging all Debts, Funeral Expences, and Legacies and all other former Bequells mentioned in the said Will of the said late Lord Bishop of Waterford, the Sum of Seven hundred and seventy-four Pounds fifteen Shillings and Three-pence Halfpenny: And it is further recited, That the said Executors of the lateLordBifliop, did some Time after his Decease, increase the Salary of the Master of the said School from Forty Pounds to Sixty Pounds per Annum; and did also increase the Salary of the Mi-nifter Irom Ten rounds to Fifteen Pounds per Annum, and that it has been experienced that a Number of Children, proportionable to the Salary of the Master augmented as aforesaid, could not be had in the said City, without some further Encouragement, besides that of Inllrutlion

only

*3+0

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 121.

only; and that the Corporation of the City of WaUrford, did, for the Encouragement and better carrying on the said late Lord Bishop’s then intended Charity, convey to the said late Lord Bishop a Plot of Ground in the City of Waterford, upon Part of which the said School-House and Apartment for the Matter, so built by the Executors of the late Lord Bishop then stood; and that the remaining Part of the said Plot was then held and enjoyed by William Carr, by virtue of a Lease from the said Thomas France, and by James Gall, by virtue ofaLeafe from the said Nathaniel France: It was enacted, That the said Plot of Ground on which the said School-House and Apartment then stood, and the remaining Part of the said Plot of Ground conveyed by the said Corporation of the City of Waterford, unto the said late Lord Bishop; and all the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased by the said Thomas France and James Medlicot, and also by the said Thomas France as aforesaid, and therein more particularly described, lying and being in the County of Waterford, should be, and the fame were thereby vested in the said Nathaniel France, Clerk, during his natural Life, and after his Decease, in the Lord Bishop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford, for the Time being, and their respective Successors for ever, upon Trust and Confidence nevertheless, and to and for the following Uses, Intents, and Purposes, (that is to say,) that out of the yearly Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, he the said Nathaniel France, for and during his natural Life, and after his Decease, the Lord Bishop of Waterford, Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford, for the Time being, and their respective Successors, should maintain, support, and keep in good Repair the said School-House and Apartment for the School-Matter, then lately erected by the Executors of the late Lord Bishop aforesaid, within the City of Waterford; and should pay a Yearly Stipend or Salary of Sixty Pounds to a Matter for his Attendance on the said School, and one other Yearly Stipend or Salary of Fifteen Pounds to a Clergyman of the said City, who should be called the Catechist of the said School, for his Attendance thereon, by two half-yearly Payments, on the First Day of May and First Day of November in every Year, with a Proviso, that the said Matter and Catechist, for their respective Salaries of Sixty Pounds and Fifteen Pounds per Annum, should attend and be ready to teach and instrud Seventy-five Poor Children of the Inhabitants of the said City, to read, write, and call Accounts, and to say their Catechism in such Manner and Method as is thereinbefore mentioned, and according to the Appointment of the said Will of the said then late Lord Bishop of Wa-terford and Lismore: And it is by the said Act further enacted, That the Right Reverend Father in God, Thomas then Lord Bishop of Waterford and Lismore, and his Successors, Bishops of Waterford, should and might, from time to time, for ever, nominate and appoint the said Schoolmaster and Catechist, according to the Directions of the said Will, and should and might, at his and their Will and Pleasure, displace or remove any such Master or Catechist, according as he or they should judge of his or their well or ill Demeanor: And that the Number of Seventy-five Boys should, from time to time, be instructed in the said School as aforesaid: And that all the Diiedions given by the said Will touching the Nomination and Approbation of Boys to be instructed in the said School and their-Continuance therein, and supplying the Vacancies as they should happen, from time to time, be followed and observed in respect of the

234-i

48° GEORGII III. Cap..\2\.

the faiil Number of Seventy-five Boys: AnJ Power was (riven to the Trustees to appoint a Receiver of the Rems of the Lands belonging to the said School, and also to part the Salaries of the Schoolmate and Catechist, and from Time to Time, by the Uredioii of the said Trulfeeor Trulfees to repair tire laid School House and Matter’s Apartment, with the Appurtenances thereto belonging,- and supplyth ' laid School with convenient Firing for the Benefit of tire laid B >yit: And the said Receiver for his Trouble, over and above One Shilling in the Pmmd, to be mentioned in ail Leases of (he said Lands as Receiver’s Fees, was to receive yearly the Sum of Five Pounds, by way of Salary;, which Sum, the said Trulfees were ordered and appointed 10 alloy/ such Receiver upon his Accounts: And it was further enacted, Teat out of the Residue of the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, after the Payment of the respective Salaries of the School-Malter, Catechist, and Receiver, and after the expending of such Sums as should be found, lequisite for keeping the said School House, anti Mailer’s Apartment in Repair, fitch Sum or Sums should be applied every Year in the cloathing of the said Seventy-five Children, in such Manner as the said Nathaniel France, during his Life, or after his Decease, the Lord Bishop of Wateiford, and the Mayor of Yi'atcrford, and Dean of Waterford for the Time being, and their Sue effors, or any Two of them should diredf and appoint: And that in tale the Rents and Profits of the said Estate then already purchased, or winch thereafter might be purchased by the Money remaining in the Hands of the said Nathaniel France, should happen to be more titan sufficie t for the Payment of the said Salaries of the Schoolmaster, Catechist, and Receiver, and also for the keeping the said School and Mailer’s Apparrnent n Repair, and cloathing tire Seventy-five Boys in Manner af fesaid, then fitc-h Overplus should be laid out and applied y the said Nahanicl France, during his Life, and after his Decease, by the said uceeeding frultte, or a-ty 1 wo of them, to the binding and putting out one or more of the Children of the aid School, as he or they should think mod deferring, Ap-prentic. s to Protestant Mailers: And it was further enacted;

That the said Sums of Seven hundred Pounds, and Seventy.four Pounds fifteen Shillings and Three-pence Halfpenny, which the said Nathaniel France had admitted then to be in his Han Is, should be laid out by him upon good Security, and the filtered artfing the reout to b applied io the Uses already d < hired in the said Act, until a convenient Purchase could be made of Lands, Ttnem nts ai d Hete-ditaments, with the said Money; which Lands, ftnements and Hereota-mems should be purchased, as soon as conveniently might be, and when purchased should be conveyed to the said Nathaniel France, it then living, for the Term of his natural Life, and after his Decease to the Bishop of Waterford, Mayor of Waterford, and Dean ol Waterford, and their respective Successors; and if the said Nathaniel France should die before such Conveyance made, then to the said Bishop ot Waterford, Mayor ol Waterford, and Dean of Waterford, and their respective Succcfi rs, subjecto the like Trulls and Uses, as the said La ds before mentioae in the said Act are declared to be: And it was further enacted, That it should be lawful for the said Nathaniel France, during his Life, nd after his Decease, for the Lord Bishop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean ol Waterford respectively lor the Time being, or their Successors, or any Two of them, to demise all, or any Part of the said Lands, Tenements, or . [Ter. Cf Per.] s6 T Heredita-

2342

Thomas Loul B'fnop of Waterford

Ineonveni ences of the present bchjulhouse.

The Scite valuable to be sold or le

further En-

One Mailer insufficlent t inilruct the Boys.

Funds of the Charity fufii-cient for the intended Improvement:.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 121.

Hereditaments, or any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which he or they should thereafter purchase in Trust for the (hid School, for any Term not exceeding Thirty-one Years, or Three Lives, and no longer Time from the making thereof, at the belt improved Rent that could be got for the fame, to be reserved to him or them in Trust, for the Uses then already declared by the Paid Ad: And whereas the said Nathaniel France, as also the said Thomas Lord Bishop of Waterford and Lismore, have both sincedepa ted this Life: And whereas the said Sum of Seven hundred and seventy-four Pounds fifteen Shillings and Three-pence Halfpenny, hath not yet been laid out in the Purchase of 1 ands. Tenements, and Hereditaments, pursuant to the Directions of the said recited Act: And whereas the Plot of Ground where >n the present School-h 'ule now (lands is fituare in the Middle of the Market-place of the City of Waterford, w th the Common Sewer of the said City puffing under it, and it is a very low and damp Situation, and the said School house is very much out of Repair, nor is there sufficient Space on the said Plot (as it contains only Sixt)- ix Feet in hr nr, and Sixty-seven Feet in the Rear, and in Depth Sixty-seven Feet, or thereabouts), to build a proper School house, luppofing that the present one was to be pulled down for that Purpose: And whereas the said Plot of Ground, being fituare in the said City of Waterford, is very va'uable, and might be sold for a considerable Sum of Money, or until fold let beneficially, and it would be highly advantageous to the said Charity if the fame was fold or let as aforesaid, and that the said Trustees were enabled to purchase, or erect, or complete a Messuage or School-house, with suitable Offices and Conveniences thereto, and to purchase proper Fixtures and Furniture for the fame, and also to purchase a Piece of Ground suitable thereto to be situate near the said City of Waterford, for the Residence and Use of the Master, Usher, and Children of the said Charity: And whereas the Number of Scholars, being Children of the Inhabitants of the said City of Waterford, as directed by the said Will of the said Nathaniel Foy Lord Bishop of Waterford and Lismore, deceased, proportionable to the Salary to the said Master, cannot now be induced to attend the said School, (there being now only Fifty-seven Children in the said School), without some further Encouragement besides that of Instruction, Cloathing, and Apprenticing, and the Children who do at present frequent the said School being under no Sorr of Controul, except during certain Hours of the Day, are liable to contract the nvoft vicious and immoral Habits in so extensive and populous a Sea-port as the City of Waterford-, and it would greatly tend to further the Intentions of the laidTeftator if the said Trustees were enabled not only to instrud, cloath and put out Apprentice such Children, but also to lodge and board them and if the said Trustees were- also enabled to purchase, or ered, or complete a proper Messuage or School-house, with suitable Offices and Conveniences thereto for such Lodging: And whereas, for the Education and Instruction of the said Boys, One Master has by Experience been found insufficient, and it would tend still, further to promote the Intention of the said Testator if an Usher or Ushers with a competent Salary or Salaries was or were appointed to assist the Master of the said School, and if the said Master and Ushers were lodged and boarded in the said School-house: And whereas in order to enable the said Trustees to carry such Purposes into Execution, they are possessed of sufficient Funds, having Four thousand Pounds or thereabouts in Irfh Government Debentures, carrying Interest, and the Sum of Nine hundred Pounds or

thereabouts.

2343

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 121.

thereabouts, also carrying Interest, due from different Persons on Bond on account of the said Charity, and they are also in Possession of Landed Property under the Trusts of the said WiJl, containing about One thousand four hundred Acres or thereabouts, situate in Ireland, together with Two or Three small Plots of Ground in the said City of Waterford. the Rents and Profits whereof amount annually to the Sum of Four hundred and sixty six Pounds or thereabouts; but from the Lives in mod of the Leases under which such Property is held being very old, it is expected that they will very soon fall in, and the Rents and Profits be considerably increased. which, without further and additional Powers than those granted by the said recited Will and Act, will annually accumulate without any Benefit accruing to any Individual therefrom, as the Average Expenditure upon each Child is only Two Pounds Nine Shillings or thereabouts: But as the several Objects aforesaid cannot be accomplished without the Aid of Parliament; Therefore your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Right Reverend Father in God Power, now Lord Bishop of Waterford and Lismore, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford, the Sheriffs of Waterford, and William Newport, Samuel King, and James Ramsay, Thiee of the Aldermen of the said City, Do most humbly belieecn Your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spit itual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately alter the passing of this Act all that Messuage or Tenement, and School-House and Hereditaments, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances situate and being in the City of Waterford aforesaid, and more particularly mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, yearly, and other Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, shall Hand, remain, and be vested in the Lord Bishop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and the Dean of Waterford for the Time being, and their respective Successors for ever, freed and absolutely discharged, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and against all and every the Charges, Ul'es, Trusts, Estates, Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements expressed, declared, and contained of and concerning the same Premises, or any Part thereof, in and by the said Will of the said Nathaniel, late Lord Bishop of Waterford and Lif-more, deceased, or in and by the said recited Act, or either of them: But nevertheless upon the Trusts, and to and for the Intents and Purposes hereinafter expressed and declared of and concerning the same, (that is to say,) upon Trull that they the said Lord Bishop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford for the Time being, and their re-respective Successors, do and shall, with all convenient Speed after the passing of this Act, ablolmely make Sale and dispose of the said Messuage or Tenement, and School-House and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances so vested in them as aforesaid, either by Public Sale or Private Contraft, unto any Person or Persons who shalt be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof for the most Money that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame, and upon Payment of the Purchase-Monies in Manner hereinafter mentioned,doand shall convey and allure

such Messuage or Tenement, and Sehool-House and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, unco , and to the Use of the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her, or their. Heirs or Assigns, or as he, file, or they shall direct or appoint, freed, discharged, and exonerated as aforesaid.

The present School houfs and Scite

Trusteesupon Trust to fell.

'VfH'.

Purchase Monies to be D-id into the Bank of Ireland in the Name of the Accountant-G cut sal.

4, S° G.EORQII HI. 'Cap. 121.

JU J^pd. kej.t furrier enabled, T^at all and every the Suqi and Sums i f tiloccji tc» n/ije. by the Ssue of the said M elfin age, or Tenement, nd .^chcot-boulfj;, and IJereiiUairents.shall be. paid by tb<: Pure haler or Purchascr.Vrl^'t<^f,h’nto the B-tJc of Ireland, in the Name and \vi:h the Privity Qf the JVcc^iint^ht G neral of iHe lligh Court of Chancery in Ireland, with-Qutfci of Reward, to he placed to his Account there, ex,parte " liie Pur* cilafieV or rurchafers of thq Pilate oiflathamcl lare Lord Bfhon of Wa-^Ic'Joya GeceafeiV’ pmhfWf- to the Method prescribed by the Irish Stature o;f the'iVenty-third anti'Twej-ity-fourih Years of his p re lent Majesty's Reign, Chapter iVenty-fecoiid, and the geue*al Otders of the said Cnurr, and hat the Money, when so. paid in, shall be Jayd out in the Purchase of Inf) G yc-rnment Debentures, or Irish Treasury Bills; and the Interest arising from the Money so laid, out in the Purchase of such Debentures or Trofury Bills, and the Money received for the fame, as they shall be lefpefilyely paid off by Government., shall be laid out in the Name off the said ‘Accountant General in the Purchase of ether like Debentures or Treasury Bills, and thar all the Paid Debentures and Treasury Bills shall be c}epofited in the Paid Bank, in the Name of the Paid Accountant General, and iiiaU remain there until the fame-shall, upon a Petition to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery in lrelajidA in a futnmary Way* by or on the Behalf of the Lord Billiop of Waterford, the Mayor oi-Wa* terford, and Dean of Waterford for the Time being, and their respective Successqrs, or any Two of them, be ordered to be sold by the Accountant General for carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution.

Certificates

III. And be it further ena&gd, That the Certificate or Certificates of the of the Ac- said Accountant General, together with the Receipt and Receipts of the nerai^to" of the Bank to be thereto annexed, and therewith filed in the

ther with the Regiiler Office of the said Court of Chancery of the Pavmeiu into the Receipts of Bank of Ireland, by the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Hereditaments the Cashiers, hereby directed to be sold, of his, her, or their Purchase Monies respectriver/, or of any Part of such Purchase, Money, shall, ffoin lime to Time, to the Pur- and at all Times hereafter, be a good and effectual Discharge, or good and cnaieis. effectual Discharges, to such Purchaser or Purchasers, and to his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Lid Purchase Monies, or so much thereof, for which such Certificate or Certificates, and Receipt or Receipts shall be respectively given; and after filing such Certificate or Certificates, and Receipt or Receipts of the Cashier of the Bank as aforesaid, such Purchaser or Purchasers, shall be absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the same Monies, and shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Mi [application* or Non-application thereof.

The Court of

IV. And be it further enacted That it shall and maybe lawful to and Chancery f0y the High Court of Chancery in Ireland, from Time to Time, upon a to d'rcflthe Petition to be preferred to that Court in a summary Way, by, or on the snet.i ti e Behalf of the Lord Bishop ot Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Kurds. Dean of Waterford for the Time being, or their respective Successors, or any Two of them, to order and direct the Lord Bishop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford for the Time being, or their respective Successors, or any Two of them, to iell and dilpoie of the whole, or any Part or Parrs, as to the said Court shall leem meet, of the said hums <A Four theuiand Pounds and Nine hundred Pounds, secured on Irish Government

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 121. 2345

vernment Debentures and Bond as aforesaid, or of such other Sum or Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time remain in the Hands of the Lord Bishop of Waterford, Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford, for the Time being, or their respective Successors, as Trustees of the Estates of the said Nathaniel late Lord Bishop of Waterford deceasecf; and upon a like Petition to be preferred to the said Court in a summary Way, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court, to order and direct the Accountant-General of the said Court, to sell and dispose of the Debentures and Treasury Bills so to be purchased by virtue of this Act, or of any Part or Parts thereof, and also to order and direct the Application of the whole, or any Part or Parts as to the said Court shall seem right an l proper, of the said Sums of Pour thousand Pounds and Nme hundred Pounds, and of such other Sum or Sums of Money as shall, from Time to Time, remain in the Hands of the said Bishop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford, and their respective 'Successors, and of the Monies herein before directed to be paid into the Bank, or of the Monies to be produced by Sale of the said Debentures or Treasury Bills herein And to direct directed to be purchased, for the Purchase or Erection of a Capital Mef- lile Monies fuageor School-House, and also for the Purchase of sufficiem Land and Pur-^ Ground suitable thereto, to be situate in or near the said City otWaterford; chafe or and for the Purchase, building, erecting, or making, altering, or re- Erection of a pairing of proper Offices, Out-houses, Buildings, Yards, and Gardens, r,evv Schooi-for the Residence and Use of the Schoolniaher, Usher or Ushers, and Lind*0* Children of the said Charity; and a!so for the Purchase of, or providing and ,or pro-proper Fixtures and Furniture for such Capital MeHuage or School-House, viding Fix-and Buildings, in such Manner as the said Court shall from Time to Time, r,res and upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by or on the Be- ^urn*ture» half of the said Lord Bishop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and and for the Dean of Waterford, for the Time being, or their respective Successors, or Purchase of any Two of them, order and direct; and also for the Purchase of such Messuag«,-Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as the said La,lds> Court, upon such Petition as aforesaid shall approve of, to be situate in The Build-Ireland-, and that all and singular the said Capital Messuage, or School- j"?nd»so to House, Offices, and Buildings, Messuages, Lands, anti other Heredita- bepo!chafcdf rcents. Fixtures, and Furniture, which shall be so purchased as aforesaid, to be shall be thereupon immediately settled, coifveyed, and allured unto and vested in the to the Use of the said Lord Bishop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford, for the Time being, and their respective Sue- TrJih of the cessors for ever, to, for, and upon such and the same Uses, Trusts, in- recited Act, tents, and Purposes, and with, under, and lltbjed to such and the lame and this A* Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements, as are in and by the said recited Act and this Act expressed, declared, and contained, of and concerning the Residue of the Hereditaments, and Premises, now remaining vested in the Lord Bishop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford, for the Time being, and their respective Successors, in Trust as aforesaid, and not hereby directed to be sold as aforesaid, or such, or so many of them, as shall be then fubfiiting and capable of taking Effed.

V. Provided nevertheless, That the Power of Leafing given and granted X!‘e to the Lord Bishop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of in°;ha Waterford, for the Time being, and their respective Successors, or any recited is Two of them, in and by the said recited Act, shall not extend, or in any- not 1

V!*e Schoolhouse

2 34&

The Trustees empowered to let the present School-houfr and Sene until Sale thereof.

The Biihnp for the Time beirg cm-powered to appoint an Uiher or Ulhers,

and to displace or re move him or them from

The Trustees empowered

larHot exceeding i co!. f, Jinn. to the Mailer, and jol. per Ann. to each of the Others, and Wages to

and 5-idge the Sell oolm after, Uiher or Ulhers,

4fj° GEORGII III. Cap. 121.

wife be construed to extend to authorize and empower them, or any of them, to demise or lease the said Capital Messuage or School-House, Offices, and Buildings so directed to be purchased, erected, or completed, or the said Land so directed to be purchased for the Residence and Use of the said Schoqlimfler, Uiher or Ulhers, and Children, near the said City o( Waterford as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the meantime and until such Sale shall be made of the said School-house and Hereditaments hereby veiled in Trull to be sold as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Bishop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford* and Dean of Waterford, for the Time being, and their respective successors, or any Two of them, from Time to Time, by Indenture under their Hands and Seals, to demise or lease the said Meffua.ge or School-House and Hereditaments, hereby veiled in Trull to be sold as aforesaid in Fee Farm, or for any Number of Lives, or for any Term of Years, and under the bell improved Rent that can be got for the fame, and without Fine, and so as such Leases shall not be made difpunishbale for Waite by any express Words therein, and so as in such Leases there be reserved a Clause of Re-entry for Non-payment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved, and so as the Lessee or Lessees seal and deliver Counterparts thereof, a Copy of which shall be fairly written in the Regillry Book to be kept by the Schoolmaster for that Purpose.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Power, Lord Bishop of Waterford and Lismore, and his Successors, Bishops of Waterford, from Time to Time for ever hereafter to nominate and appoint an Usher or Ulhers to assist the said Schoolmaster in inllrudting and educating the said Children, according to the Directions of the said Will of the said Nathaniel Lord Bishop of Waterford, deceased, so that there be not more than Two such Ulhers employed, unless the Number of Children in the said School shall exceed Seventy-five; nor more than Three such Ulhers, unless the Number of Children shall exceed One hundred: And also from Time to Time to displace or remove such Uiher or Ulhers, according as the said Power, Lord Bishop of Waterford and Lismore, and his Successors, Bishops of Waterford, shall judge of his or their well or ill Demeanour.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Bishop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford for the Time being, and their respective Successors, or any Two of them, from Time to Time, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by and out of the clear Yearly Rents and Profits of the said Trull Estates, Hereditaments, and Premises, to pay competent Salaries not exceeding the Sum of One hundred Pounds a-Year to the Mailer of the said School, and not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds a-Year to each of the Ulhers of the said School so to be appointed as aforesaid, by equal Half-yearly Payments, on the First Day of May and First Day of November in every Year: And also to pay Wages to the necessary Servants, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred Pounds a-Year; and also to maintain, board, and lodge, in a proper and suitable Manner, the said Schoolmaster, Uiher or Ulhers, Servants and Children in the said Capital Messuage or School-House so directed to be purchased

or

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 121. 2347

or.crested, or completed as aforesaid, and to procure for them all necessary and proper medical Advice and Assistance.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That if it shall at any Time hereafter be found that the Number of Children, according to the Directions of the said recited Will can be obtained from the said City of Waterford; and if the Rents and Profits of the said Trust Estates, Hereditaments, and Premises, shall prove inefficient for the Purpose of educating, cloathing, and apprenticing, and also of boarding and lodging such additional Number of Children, then and in such Case, the Number of Boys so to be boarded and lodged, shall be proportionably decrealed, so as to enable the said Trustees, or any Two of them, to educate, cloath, and apprentice such additional Number of Children.

X. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord Bishop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and and lodged is Dean of Waterford, for the Time being, and their respective Successors, tobede-

of any Two of rhem, to defray the Cods, Charges, and Expences at- creased* tending the applying for and obtaining and passing this Act, by and out TheA fSLf of the said Trust Estate and Effects, or of the Rems and Profits thereof; PJdouro°the and also, that it shall and may be lawful for the High Court of Chancery Trust Estate. in Ireland, from Time to Time, to make such Order or Orders, as to the and the Cost said Court shall seem fit for ascertaining and settling the Costs and Ex- of f11 APP1'-pences of the Sale of the said School-house and Hereditaments, hereby courTof veiled in Trust, to be sold as aforesaid, and the Costs of the several Appli- chancery, cations to be made to the said Court respecting the Matters aforesaid, and the Costs of taking the Monies out of the said Bank, and inverting such Monies in a new Purchase or Purchases as aforesaid, and also the Costs and Expences attending the Execution of all other the Trulls of this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, and all the Tire former Powers, Rules, Regulations, Articles, Matters, and Things whatsoever Act to remain therein contained, slave and except such Parts thereof as are hereby varied, in forc*» chartered, and repealed), shall be, and the fame is and are hereby declared cfpt "Jh£re to be in full Force and Virtue, and shall be as good, valid, and effectual, this!6 for carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution, in as full,

ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XII, Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Saving Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic, Clause. and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the Lord Bishop of Waterford, the Mayor of Waterford, and Dean of Waterford, and Sheriffs and Aldermeii of the said City for the Time being, and their respective Successors, and all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever claiming under the said recited Will and Act, or either of them, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Successors,) all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the Hereditaments com-pxifed in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, as they or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, in cate this Act had not been made.

Servants and Children in the SchooC house.

If the Number of Children according to the W.ll can be obtained, and the Income of the Charity shall be in sufficienr to board and lodge the whole, then the Numb-r

2348 4 GEORGII III. Cap. 121.

This to be a

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Winter to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justices,

Printer. and others.

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

A Capital Messuage or School-House, with the Out-buildings and Appurtenances thereto belonging, situated in the Market-Place of the City of Waterford. The Scire thereof, and Land appertaining thereto, containing Sixty-six Feet in Front, and Sixty-seven Feet in the Rear, and in Depth Sixty-seven Feet.

LONDON: Primed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

Ian,

/ Cap. 122.

An Act for appointing new Trustees for carrying into Execution the Trusts and Powers contained in the Settlornent executed on the Marriage of John Amphlett Esquire, with Eliza Ann his Wife.

[i8th June x808.]

WHEREAS by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date indentures of respectively the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Days of De-comhr One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, the Re- ment, dated lease being of Six Parts, ar,d made between John Amphlett of Clent, in *9th anj* 3°th the County of Stafford, Esquire, of the First Part; Thomas Hill Esquire cc*1,6 and Eliza Ann his Daughter, by her then Description of Eliza Ann Hilly Spinster, of the Second Part , Waldron Hill Esquire and Joseph Amphlett Merchant, of the Third Part; Thomas Waldron and Wilson Aylesbury Ro~ berts Esquires, of the Fourth Part; the Reverend ‘'John Amphlett Clerk, and Meljop Hill Gentleman, Second Son of the said Thomas Hilly of the Fifth Part 5, and Thomas Hill the younger, and Wilson Aylesbury Roberts the younger, Esquires, of the Sixth Part > being the Settlement executed previously to the Marriage which was then intended and soon afterwards solemnized between the said John Amphlett and Eliza Am his Wife, in Consideration of the said then intended Marriage, and for other Considerations mentioned in the said Indenture of Release and Settlement, several Hereditaments in the Counties of Stafford, Salop, Worcester, and Hereford, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, were conveyed (but subject to certain Mortgage Debts, and to the Securities for the fame) to the Uses upon and for the Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, Agreements, and Declarations in the said Indenture of Release and Settlement expressed ot [Loc. b9 Per.] 26 N contained,-

3So

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 122.

contained, and in Part herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) to the Use of the said 'Thomas V/aldron and Wilson Aylesbury Roberts, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of One thousand Years, upon Trust, by the Ways an.d Means tq the said Indenture mentioned, toyaife the Sum of Three thousand nine hundred and twenty-five Pounds, and to pay the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, Part thereof, to Edmond Andrews Esquire and Elizabeth his Wife, ajid to p.iy the Sum of One thousand nine hundred and twenty-five Pounds the Residue thereof, to Margaret, then the Widow of Edward Andrews Esquire; and after the Expiration or sooner Determination of the said Term of One thousand Years, to the Use of the said John Amphlett and his Heirs, until the Solemnization of the said then intended Marriage; and after the Solemnization thereof, to the Use of the said John Amphlett for his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to the Use of the said IValdron Hill and Joseph Amphlett, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said John Amphlett, in Trust to preserve the Contingent Remainders therein-after limited; an.I after the Deeeafe of the said John Amphlett, to the Use and Intent that the said Eliza Ann Hill, in ca'e (he should survive the said John Amphlett, should, during her Life, receive and take One Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge of Six hundred Pounds for her Jointure, and in bar of her Dower or Freebench, to be issuing and payable out of ail and every the Hereditaments comprised in the said Indenture of Release and Settlement, and with the usual Powers and Remedies of Distress and Entry, and Perception of Rents and Profits for recovering and compiling Payment thereof, when in Arrear, and subject thereto, to the Use of the said Melfp Hill and John Amphlett Clerk, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Ninety Years, upon the Trusts in the said Indenture of Release and Settlement mentioned, for better securing the Payment of the said Annuity; and after the Expiration of the said Term of Ninety Years, to the Use of the said Thomas Hill the younger and Wilson Aylesbury Roberts the younger, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Five hundred Years, to commence from the Death of the said John Amphlett, upon Trust, by the Ways and Means in the said Indenture of Release and Settlement mentioned, to raise certain Sums of Money for the Portions of the Daughters and younger Sons of the said then intended Marriage; and after the Expiration or sooner Determination of the said several Terms of One thousand Years, Ninety Years, and Five hundred Years, to the Use of the First and every other Son of the said John Amphlett by Eliza Ann his then intended Wife, severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities, in Tail Male; and for want of such Issue, to the Use of the said Thomas Hill the younger and Wilson Aykfittry Roberts the younger, their Executors* Administrators, snd Assigns, for the Term of Seven hundred Years, upon Trust, on such Failure asm the said Indenture is expressed of IlTue Male of the said then intended Marriage, to raise the Sums of Money therein mentioned, for additional Portions for the Daughters of the said then intended Marriage; and after the Expiration or sooner Determination of the said Term of Seven hundred Years, to the Use of the First and every other Son of the said John Amphlett, by any after taken Wife or Wives, severally and successively, according to their respective Seniorities, in Tail; and in Default of such IfTv e, to the Use of all and every the Daughter and Daughters oi the said John Amphlett by the said Eliza Ann his then intended. Wife, to be divided between or among them, if more than one,

as

1

k

Jf

f,

It

Id

10.

md

fid

for

llfl

md

and

and

H

of uni. i in

m

igcr fra-nee and aise ger; or an, rerj fisc, rail r he hd-

KDtl

ale ein in* i of er/ ej, Si a

;fl

e,

u

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 122.

as Tenants in common in Tail, with Cross Remainders, between or among them in Tail; and if all the said Daughters, save one, should die without Issue, or there should be but one such Daughter, to the Ui'e of the said Melfop Hill and John Amphlett Clerk, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Light hundred Years, upon Trust, by the WaYs and Means in the said Indenture of Release and Settlement mentioned, to raise the S m of Four thousand Pounds for the Benefit of the said Eliza Ann Amphlett} and after the Expiration or sooner Determination of the said Term of Eight hundred Years, to the Use of the said John Amphlett his Heirs and Assigns, for ever: And by the said Indenture of Release and Settlement it is provided and declared, that it should be lawful for the said IValdron Hill and Joseph Amphlett, or the Survivor of them, and the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of Such Survivor, at any Time thereafter, during the joint Lives of the said John Amphlett and Eliza Ann his then intended Wife, or during the Life of the said John Amphlett, in case he should survive the said Eliza Ann% with the Consent and Approbation of the said John Amphlett and Eliza Ann his Wife, during their joint Lives, and of the said John Amphlett in case he should survive the said Eliza Ann, to make Sale or dispose of, or to convey in Exchange, all or any Part or Parts of the Hereditaments comprised in the said Indenture of Release and Settlement, unto any Person or Persons whomsoever, either together or in Parcels, for such Price and Prices as to them should seem reasonable; and on Payment of the Monies arising by Sale of any Part or Parts of the fame Premises, to sign and give proper Receipts for the Monies for which the fame should be fold, which Receipts should be a sufficient Discharge to any Purchaser or Purchasers for so much of the Purchase Monies as should be therein acknowledged to be received, and such Purchaser or Purchasers should not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-Application of such Purchase Money, and all and every the said Hereditaments so fold, should be and remain for ever thenceforth freed and absolutely discharged of and from all and every the Uses, Estates, Trusts, Limitations, Covenants, Provil’oes, and Agreements, in and by the said Indenture of Release and Settlement limited, expressed, and declared, of and concerning the same Premises respectively, subject nevertheless to such Leases as should have been made by virtue of the Power therein for that Purpose contained: Provided nevertheless, that the Monies atifing from such Sale or Sales should, with all convenient Speed, be laid out and disposed of by them the said Waldron Hill and Joseph Amphlett, or the Survivor of them, his Executors or Administrators, by and with the Consent and Approbation of the said John Amphlett and Eliza Ann, his then intended Wife, or of the said John Amphlett, in case he should survive her, and be inverted in the Purchase or Purchases of Lands or Tenements, free from Incumbrances, somewhere in that Part of Great Britain called England, of a clear and indefeasible Estate of Freehold and Inheritance in Fee Simple, and to be settled and conveyed by them the said Waldron Hill and Joseph Amphlett, or by the Survivor of them, his Heirs or Assigns, to such and the same Uses, upon such and the fame Trusts, and for such and the fame Ends, Intents, and Purposes, and charged and chargeable in the same Manner, and by, with, and under the fame Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements, as are before limited, expressed, and declared, of and concerning the Lid Hereditaments, or as near thereto as the Deaths of Parties and other Contingencies would then admit of: And in and by the said Indenture of Release and Settlement it is further 5 agreed

235*

a352

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 121.

agreed and declared, that until such Purchases should be made, it should be lawful for the Trustees, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of such Survivor, with such Consent as aforesaid, to place out the said Monies at Interest in the Public Funds, or in Government or Real Securities, and to alter and transpose the same as often as to the Trustees for the Time being should stem meet, and the Interest, Dividends, and Produce of such Monies to be applied for such Uses and Purposes, as the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Tenements, so to be purchased, would go or be payable in case such Purchases were made: And whereas the said John Amphlett intermarried with the said Eliza Ann Hill,on or about the Seventeenth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and hath Issue by her Two Sons, namely, John Ampblett and Thomas Amphlett, and Six Daughters, namely, Margaret Amphlett, Eliza Ann Amphlett, Harr.ett Amphlett, Mary Amphlett, Caroline Amphlett, and Lout fa Amphlett, all Infants under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and no other Child: And whereas the said Waldron Hill departed this Life in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, and the said Joseph Amphlett, his Co-trustee under the said recited Indenture of Release and Settlement, survived him, and departed this Life in the Year One thousand eight hundred and one, leaving Issue Edward Amphlett his only Son and Heir at Law, now an Infant, of the Age of Thirteen Years,or thereabouts, and thereupon iheEOates, Trusts, Powers, and Authorities, by the said Indenture of Release and Settlement limited to the said Waldron Hill and Joseph Amphlett became vested in the said Edward Amphlett: And whereas, by reason of the Infancy of the said Edward Amphlett, the said Trusts and Powers cannot now be carried into Execution or exercised: And whereas it is for the Benefit of all Persons beneficially interested under the said Indenture of Release and Settlement in the Estates therein comprized, that new Trustees should be appointed for carrying into Execution and exercising the Trusts and Powers contained in the said Indenture of Release and Settlement; bur as the said Indenture of Release and Settlement contains no Power to make such an Appointment, the fame cannot be made without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore, Your Majesty's most dutiful and lo>/al, Subj efts, the said Join Amphlett and Eliza Ann his Wife, severally, for themselves, and the said Ampklett,o\\ Behalf oft he said John Amphlett, Tho-

mas Amphlett Margaret Amphlett, Eliza Ann Amphlett. Harriett Amphlett, Mary Amphlett, Caroline Amphlett. znALouifa Amphlett, his infantChildren,domost humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Truce’s a > Parliament affc-mbled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and ftn-p^inttd.S a‘)- gular the Manor or Lordship, or reputed Manor or Lordfiiip, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and all and singular ether the Hereditaments, which by the said recited Indentures of Lease and Release of the Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth Days of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, were conveyed and settled to the Uses, upon and for the Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, Agreements, and Declarations, expressed or contained in the said Indenture of Release, of or concerning the same, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, shall, from and immediately after rh® passing of this Act, be vested in and settled upon, and the same are hereby veiled in and settled upon Wtlfm Aylesbury Heberts, of Bewdley

in

2353

i«

31

Is

d

W

Si,

if//, fa \k ion-aJer led m,

i [flares, Set-tiled fivof tar-of ail nod IJbe ?w ui as

iiake I and land iv,fcr

until

pded

O

tfent

dfc.

ieaft !«$* iasd f tf2 ,v*

?difi

[beif

aJkr

atf

nifty

in

48° GEORGII III. Cap. lit.

in the County of Wcrcester, Esquire, and John Bcnbow, of Lincoln's hvl, in the County of Midd/efex, Gentleman,‘ their Heirs and Assigns (but Yubject and charged as in the said Indenture of Release and Settlement is mentioned), to the Uses, upon and for the Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements, which would now be subsisting or capable ot taking Effect on the said Manor or Lordship, or reputed Manor or Lordship, Messuages. Farms, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, by virtue of and under the said Indentures of Lease and Release, if at the Time of executing the fame Indentures of Lease and Ileleafe the Names of them, the said Wilson Aylesbury Roberts and Jihn B^nboiv, had been inserted in the famerespectively, instead and in lieu of the Names of the said Waldron Hill and Joseph Ampblett, and the Estates, Trusts, Powers, and Authorities by the fame Indentures of Lease and Release veiled in, and given or limited to the said Waldron Hill and Jofcpb Ampblett, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, or to them the said Waldron Hill and Joseph Ampblett, and the Survivor of them, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or in or to the Heirs, Executors, Adrnini-strators, and Assigns of Inch Survivor, had been thereby veiled in and given or limited to the said Wilson AylesburyRot arts and John Benbezu, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, or to the said WJ/on Aylesbury Roberts and John Bsnbozur and the Sarvivor of them, and his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or in or to the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Survivor.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Wilson p«erioap-Aylesbury Roberts and John Benbowj or either of them, or any Trustee or Trustees who shall be appointed in the Stead of them, or either of them, as herein-after mentioned, or their or either of their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall die, or be desirous to be discharged from, or be incapable of acting in the Trulls or Powers herein-before expressed or referred to, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the High Court of Chancery, upon a Petition to be presented in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons, for the Tims being, beneficially entitled in Possession to the said Manor and other Hereditaments, under and by virtue of the Limitations contained in the said recited Indenture of Release and Settlement, if such Person or Persons shall be of full Age, but if such Person or Pctfons be under Age, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, during his, her, or their respective Minorities, to appoint the Person or Persons proposed in the said Petition, or any Person or Persons named by the Court to be a Trustee or Trustees, in the Place of the Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged, or becoming incapable to act; and thereupon the said Trusts, Estates, Monies, and Premifesshall, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed, assigned, and allured (and which Conveyances, Assignments, and Assurances, the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being, notwithstanding Infancy or Coverture, is or are hereby empowered to make accordingly) in such Sort and Manner as that the said Trust Estates, Monies, and Premises may, so far or as near as the Circumstances of the Cafe will admit, be legally and effectually veiled in such new Trustee or Trustees, solely or jointly, with the surviving or continuing Trustee or Trustees as the Care may be, and in his or their Heirs,

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Uses, upon the Trusts, and for the Intents and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the \Loc> Per.'] 26 0 Powers,

2354

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 122.

Powers, Declarations, and Agreements which shall then be subsisting of capable of taking Effect in the fame respectively, under or by virtue of the said Indenture of Release and Settlement and the present Act, and that such new Trustee or Trustees shall, to all Intents, Kffefts, Construffions, and Purposes whatsoever, have all the Powers, Exemptions, Privileges, and Authorities of the Trustee or Trustees, in whose Room he or they shall be substituted.

Saving Claug* HI, Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and

Successors, and to all and every other Persons and Perl'on, Bodies Politic or Corporate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the said John Ampblett the Father, and Eliza Ann his Wife, and the said John Amphlett the Son and Thomas Am-phlett, the infant Sons of the said John Amphlett the Father by the said Eliza Ann his Wife, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and all and every the Sons and Son hereafter to be born to the said John Amphlett the Father by the said Eliza Ann his Wife, and the Heirs Male of the Bodies and Body of all and every the said Son and Sons, and all and every the Sons and Son to be born to the said John Amphlett the Father by any Woman with whom he shall marry after the Decease of the said Eliza Ann his Wife, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, and the said Margaret Amphlett, Eliza Am Amphlett, Harriett Amphlett, Mary Amphlett, Caroline Amphlett, and Louisa Amphlett, the infant Daughters of John Amphlett the Father by the said Eliza Ann his Wife, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, and all and every the Daughters and Daughter hereafter to be born to the said John Amphlett the Father by the said Eliza Am his Wife, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies, and the Persons who noware, or hereafter maybe, beneficially interested in the Trusts of the said Terms of One Thousand Years, Ninety Years, Five hundred Years, Seven hundred Years, and Eight hundred Years, and the Trustees of the said several Terms, and the Heirs and Assigns of the said John Amphlett the Father, and all and every other Persons and Person claiming or to claim any Estate or Interest in the said Manor and other Hereditaments, by, from, or under the Limitations contained in the' said recited Indenture of Release and Settlement) all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Benefit, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the aforesaid Manor and other Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, as they or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or might have had in case this Act had not been made.

Evidence. - An(j be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the

Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew' Strahan, Pripters to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

h. iid ud k id md :her laid Uid fa-i of ars liter 5b rt'ons b of tired [fees Isht lim-ere-re-iilc, to, Part

»of the

Jo

x,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

Cap. 123,

An Act to enable Nathaniel Lee /leton Esquire and others, to grant Building Leases of Lands at and near Hackney in the County of Middlesex, devised by the Will of the late Baptist Lee Esquire.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS, by the last Will and Testament, in Writing, of Will of

Baptist Lee, late of Livermere, in the County of Suffolk, BaptistLee Esquire, duly executed and attelled, and dated the Sixth Day E‘fclu*re* of April, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and sixty-five, the said Baptist Lee gave and devised to his Nephew-in-law Nathaniel A£ton> the Reverend Joseph Lathbury Clerk, and the ReverendPefrr Lath bur and their Heirs, alland fmgularhis Manors, Advowsons, Reclones, Messuages, lands. Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the County of Suffolk, and in London, Middlesex, and Surrey, andelfewhere in England, with their Appurtenances, charged with the several Annuities therein-after mentioned, upon Trull that the said Nathaniel Aston, in case he should so long live, or in case of his Death, that the said Joseph Lathbury and Peter Lathbury, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs of such Survivor, should receive? the Rents and Profits thereof, until his Great Nephew Nathaniel Lee Adon should attain his Age of Twenty-one Years, upon Trull in the first Place to apply so much of the said Rents and Profits as should be ne-.i-essary in discharge of the several Annuities therein-after given j and in the > \Loc. & Per-'} 26P next

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 123.

next Place, out of the Laid Rents and Profits, to lay out in the Maintenance and Education of the said Nathaniel Lee Aden, until he should attain his Age of IV-nty-one Tears, the several Sums of Money therein mentioned; and from and after the said Nathaniel Lee Adon should have attained his said Age of Twenty-one Years, then to the Use-of the said NathanielA don, Joj'eph Lathbury, andP^/cr Lathbury, and their Heirs, until the said Nathaniel Ad on, if living, or the said Joseph Lathbury and Peter Laihhury in case of the Death of the said Nathaniel Adon, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, or the Heirs of such Survivor, should by and out of the Surplus of the Rents and Profits of the Premises which should accrue during the Minority of the said Nathaniel Lee Adon, and by and out of the Rents and Profits of the said Premises which should accrue after the said Nathaniel Lee Adon should attain his said Age of Twenty-one Years, after Payment of the said several Annuities, and of the yearly Sum of Five hundred Pounds to the said Nathaniel Lee Adon, from the Time he should attain his Age of Nineteen Years, until he should be in the actual Possession of his the deflator’s said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, by virtue of the Limitations in his said Will specified; and by and out of the Residue of his the Testator’s Personal Estate therein-after bequeathed, have raised the Sum of Six thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be applied in Manner therdin-after directed, and from and after the said Sum of Six thousand Pounds should have been raised in the Manner, and by all or any of the Ways and Means aforesaid, then to the Use of the said Nathaniel Lee Adon and his Assigns, for his Life, subject to the Payment of the said several Annuities; Remainder to the Use of the said Trustees and their Heirs during the Life of the said Nathaniel Lee Adon, upon Trust to preserve Contingent Remainders, but to permit the said Nathaniel Lee Adon to take the Rents and Profits during his Life; Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Nathaniel Lee Adon, severally and successively in the Order of Birth, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies; Remainder to the Use of the First and other Daughters of the said Nathaniel Lee AdGn, severally and successively in the Order of Birth, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and for Default of all such Iffiie, and after various Devises or Limitations which comprized 9nly the said Testator’s Estate in Great and Little Livermere and Great Welnetham in the said County of Suffolk, and in Laevshall in the same County; and all his Houses m Holborn, in the County of Middlesex, and his Six Houses in Btjhopf-gate Street, London, and the Ground Rent or Reversion of his House, in the Tenure or Occupation of John Rogers, (which is situate in Bishopsgate Street aforesaid) with their Appurtenances, the said Tef-tator by his said Will limited all his said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate ?md being in the City of London and Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, v. hereof no Limitations had been made, in default of Issue of the said Nathaniel Lee Adon, to the Use of his the Teffator’s youngest Grand Niece Caroline Adon for Life; Remainder to the said 1 rustees and their Heirs during her Life, upon the like Trusts for- preserving Contingent Remainders 5 Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Caroline Adon severally and successively, in the Order of Birth, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies; Remainder to the Use of the Daughter or all the Daughters of the said Caroline Adon as Tenants in Common, in equal Shares, and the Heirs of the Body or respective Bodies of such Daughter or Daughters,

6 with

2359

!£nd

unij k$ or

ffc

conis: aid

«cuc

*entr.

Tcart^ a the

: in the

awa

erfonal ouiiai berdii-><5UDiis Ways w and Annu. im$ -

kette

trad

eirin

Re.

laid

Heirs

after

star’s

(ooies

oule, i e a Tef-acts,

jeen

the

: for

[ife,

ider

dlf

cc*

ers

sd

th

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 123.

"with Cross-remainders in Tail-general amongst such Daughters Remainder as to all the said Testator’s Estates in the County of Middlesex, then in the several Tenures or Occupations of Richard Ehlridge, William El-dridgds Executors John Thomas and Samuel Scotts and Thomas Upfddl, to the Use of his the said deflator’s Great Niece Charlotte A Con for Life; Remainder to the said Trustees and their Heirs during her Life, upon the like Trusts for preferring Contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Use of her First and other Sons severally and successively, in the Order of Birth, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies; Remainder to her Daughter or all her Daughters as Tenants in Common, and the Heirs of the Body and respective Bodies of such Daughter or all such Daughters, with Crols-remainders in Tail amongst such Daughters; Remainder to the Use of his the Testator’s Second Great Niece, called in his said Will Henrietta Acton, for Life; Remainder to the said Trustees and their Heirs during her Life, upon the like Trusts, for preferring Contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Use of her First and other Sons, severally and successively, in the Order of Birth, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies; Remainder to all and every the Daughter and Daughters of the said Henrietta ACon as Tenants in Common in Tail General, with Cross-remainders in Tail amongst such Daughters; Remainder to the Use of the right Heirs of the Body of his the Testator’s late Niece Caroline Acton deceased, with Remainders over; and as to all the Testator’s said E dates therein-before limited to the Use of the said Caroline Acton and the Ift'ue of her Body, the fame were limited by the said Will from and after Default of all such Hue of her Body as aforesaid, to the Use of the said Henrietta Acton for Life; Remainder to the said Trustees and their Heirs during her Life, upon the like Trusts for preserving Contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Henrietta Acton severally and successively in the Order of Birth, and the Heirs of their respective Bodies; Remainder to the Use of the Daughter or all the Daughters of the said Henrietta AC on as Tenants in Common, in equal Shares, and the Heirs of the Body or respective Bodies of such Daughter or all such Daughters respectively, with Cross-remainders in Tail amongst such Daughters; Remainder to the Use of the said Charlotte ACon for Life; Remainder to the Use of the said Trustees and their Heirs during her Life, upon the like Trusts, to preserve Contingent Remainders; Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Charlotte ACon severally and successively, in the Order of Birth, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies; Remainder to the Use of all and every the Daughter and Daughters of the said Charlotte ACon as Tenants in Common, and the Heirs of the Body or respective Bodies of such Daughter or Daughters, with Cross-remainders in Tail amongst such Daughters; Remainder to the Use of the right Heirs of the Body of his the said Testator’s late Niece Caroline ACon deceased, with Remainder over; and the said Testator directed that the said Sum of Six thousand Pounds should be equally divided between his said Great Nieces Charlotte ACon, Henrietta ACon, and Caroline ACon, and be paid to them respectively at their respective Ages of Twenty-one Years, or Days of Marriage, which should first happen, provided such Marriage should be with the Consent of their Father, if living; and the said Testator thereby empowered the said Nathaniel Lee ACon, when he should come to and be in the actual Possession of his said Estates by virtue of the Limitations aforesaid, to grant a Rent Charge not exceeding Seven hundred and fifty Pounds a Year by way of Jointure for the Life of any Woman

with

*36o 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 123.

tv it'll whom he should intermarry, to be i (Tiling out of the said Eilatos, in Manner and subject to the Rdlnctions mentioned in the kid Will; and the said Testator did by his laid Will give Power to the said Trustees during the Minority of the said Nathaniel Lee Adon, and to the said Nathalie! Lee Acton, Charlotte Adon, Henrietta Adon, and Caroline Action, v.hen rJ. cciively in actual Poifelhon, to grant Leaks of any Part of the kid E dates for any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years in Possession and subject to the Redriclions in the said Will in that Behalf mentioned; and the said Tckator by his Taiti Will gave to his Coulin John Turner, Son of Lady Ifahclla Turner, an Annuity of Fifty Pounds during his Life; to his the said Tedator’s Servant George Downes, in case he should be living with him at the Time of his Decease, one Annuity of Twenty Pounds for his Life, and after his Deccafe an Annuity of Ten Pounds unto

the Wife of the said George Downes in case she iurvi red him, to commence from his Death and to continue for her Life; to Sarah Grigby o ‘I Bury, in the said County of Suffolk, S pi idler, an Annuity, of Twenty Pounds during her Life; to Ann Sharpe of Greal Livemere aforesaid, one Annuity of Eight Pounds during her Life; and to Charlotte the Wife of Bennett Esquire, Beadle of the University of Cambridge, one Annuity of 'Pen Guineas during her Life, and charged all his fe:d Manors, Meduages, Land?, Tenements, and Hereditaments, with the Payment of the said Annuities; and he also declared by his said Wifi that die Limitations therein-before contained to the Use of the said Nathaniel Lee Acton and his Heirs were upon the exp refs Condition that the said Nathaniel Lee A don and his Heirs Male should, from and immediately after the Testator's Decease, take upon him and themselves and conflandy use the Surname of Lee before and jointly with the Surname of Acton; and* he directed the said Nathaniel Lee Adon as soon as conveniently might be after he should have attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, to procure an Act of Parliament to enable him and the Heirs Male of his Body lawfully begotten, to take and use the Surname of Lee before and of jointly with the Surname cf Afion: And whereas the said Teilator Baptist BeptiliLee. /,££ died on or about the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and sixty-eight without IlTue, and without having revoked, or altered his said Will, and the said Nathaniel Lee Adon having attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, an Act of Parliament was made and passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, whereby the said Nathaniel Lee Adon and the Heirs Male of his Body were authorized to take and use the Surname of Lee in compliance with the said Will, and the said Nathaniel Lee Adon hath always used the said Surname agreeable to the Directions of the said Will: And whereas the said Baptist Lee never had any Niece or Great Nieces of the Name of Adon other than the Marriage of laid Caroline Adon and her Daughters: And whereas the said Caroline Nathamcl Aden the Niece of the said Tef for, intermarried with the said Nathaniel Acton^amT dfion on or about the Twenty-." . enth Day of March One thousand seven their IfTue# hundred and fifty-three, and by Inch Marriage had blue Three Sons (that is to say) Nathaniel Lee vho ' :-.s bori in the Month of February One thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, and died in the Month of March One thousand seven hundred and fifty-six, the said Nathaniel Lee Adon the Devisee, born in July One thousand seven hundred and fifty-seven, and William Lee Adon who ts born in the Month of December One thousand seven hundred and listy-nii.e, and died in February One thousand seven hunitedand sixty j and Four Daughters(that is to say) the said

Charlotte

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 123. £j6r

Charlotte Adon her eldest Daughter born in December One thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, Harriet Adon her second Daughter born in February One thousand seven hundred and fifty-five, Caroline Acton her third Daughter born in the Month of August One thousand seven hundred and fifty-eight, and who died in April One thousand seven hundred and sixty, and the said Caroline Adon the Devisee her youngest Daughter born in April One thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, and the said Caroline Adon the Niece was never afterwards married, and never had any Daughter of the Name of Henrietta Adon: And whereas the said Caroline Dispo/rtion Adon the Daughter, Charlotte Adon, and Harriet Adon, have all attained of Legacy of the Age of Twenty-one Years, and the Shares of the said Caroline Adon the Daughter and Harriet Adon of the said Sum of Six thousand Pounds directed by the said Will to be raised for the Benefit of the Testator’s said Great Nieces, have long since been paid to them,' but that the Share of the said Charlotte Adon in the said Six thousand Pounds hath not on account of her being in a weak State of Mind, and incapable of giving a Discharge been paid to her, and the said Nathaniel Lee Adon hath entered upon and is now in the Possession of the said devised Estates of the said Baptist Lee as Tenant for Life thereof, under the Limitations of the said Will: And Marriage whereas by an Indenture bearing Date the Second Day of March One Settlement, thousand seven hundred and ninety-one, being a Settlement in Considera-. tion of a Marriage then intended, and since solemnized between the said Nathaniel Lee Acton and Penelope his Wife, and made or expressfed to be made between the said Nathaniel Adon of the First Part; the said Nathaniel Lee Adon of the Second Part; the said Penelope his Wife, by her then Name of Penelope Rycroft Spinster, of tile Third Part; Sir Nelson Rycroft Baronet, and Richard Stonehewer Esquire, of the Fourth Part; and the Reverend Combe Miller, Dean of the Cathedral Church of Chichester, and Nathaniel Colvill Esquire, of the Fifth Part; the said Nathaniel Lee Adon, in exercise of his Power under the said Will, granted, limited, and appointed to the said Penelope his Wife a yearly Rent Charge of Seven hundred and fifty Pounds for her Jointure, to be ilfuing out of the said devised Estates of the said Baptist Lee, and payable to her during her Life if Ihe should survive the said Nathaniel Lee Adon, with Power for her to enter upon the said Estates, and distrain for recovering the Arrears of the said Rent Charge: And whereas the said Nathaniel Lee Adon intermarried with the said Penelope Rycroft on the Third Day of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-one: And whereas the said John Turner,

GeorgeDownes and his Wife, Sarah Grigby, Anne Sharpe,znd Char- Devisees in

lotte Bennett, the Annuitants, are all dead: And whereas the said Devisees Trust dead, in Trust, Nathaniel Adon, Joseph Lathbury, and Peter Lathbury, are dead, and Convey-the said Joseph Lathbury having survived the said Nathaniel Adon and Peter Hefr at La^ Lathbury, and since the Death of the said Joseph Lathbury by Indentures of Qf J,c Lease and Release bearing Date respectively the Thirtieth and Thirty-first ingTruace* Days of January One thousand eight hundred and six, the Release being to theremain-of Three Parts, and made between the Reverend Peter Lathi ury the Nephew and Heir at Law of the said Joseph Lathbury of the First^Part; the 1 said Nathaniel Lee Adon of the Second Part; and James Sayers]Gentleman, of the Third Part; the said Peter Lathbury the Party, bargained, fold, and released unto the said James Sayers and his Heirs, all and singular the Manors, Advowsons, Rectories, Meftiiages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Great and Little Liver mere, Lawshall, Great Whelnetham, and other Places in the County of Suffolk, and in London, Middlesex, and [Loc. fVr.] 26^ Surrey,

2362 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 123.

Surrey, and elsewhere in England, wirh the Appurtenances comprized in the said Will of the said Baptist Lee, and thereby devised to the said Nathaniel Aden, Joseph Lathbury, and Peter Lathbury deceased, and their Heirs; to hold unto the said James Sayers and his Heirs, to such Uses, upon such Trusts, and to and for such Intents and Purposes, and under and subject to such Rent Charge and other Charges, Powers of Entry and Distress, and other Powers, Conditions, Limitations, Provisoes, and Declarations as were in and by the said Will, or by virtue or in pursuance of the fame, expressed, declared, created, or limited, of, upon, or concerning the said Manors, Advowsons, Re&ories, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises respectively, to take Effect or to arise from or after the raising of the said Sum of Six thousand Pounds as aforesaid, or to, for, upon, or under and subject to such and so many of the same Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, Charges, Powers, Conditions, Limitations, Provisoes, and Declarations as were subsisting and undetermined or capable of taking Effect, or as near thereto as the Deaths ?e?A<ao ^>art^es anc^ ot^er intervening Events would admit of: And whereas hath no iflfae t^le Nathaniel Lee Adon hath never had any Iilue, and the said Caroline Adon the Daughter has never been married, and the said Harriet Adon hath intermarried with and now is the Wife of Sir William Middleton Baronet, and hath I flue Two Children only, videlicet, William Fowle Middleton her only Son, who has attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, and One Daughter, Sarah Louisa; and the said Nathaniel Lee Adon is the only Son and Heir of the Body of the said Testator’s Niece Caroline Adon deceased; and the said Charlotte Adon the Devisee for Life in Remainder in the said Will has never been married, and is now deprived of her Reason, but no Estate of the Commission of Lunacy has been issued against her: And whereas Part of Testator in the said Estates of the said Baptist Lee contained in and devised by the said

Hackn Will, consists of several Parcels of Land lying at or near the Town of

1 Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, particularly mentioned and described

in the Schedule hereunto annexed, and now let to Tenants at Will for the common Purposes of Occupation, and upon a small Part of which there are several very old Houses, Sheds, and small Buildings, in a ruinous and decayed State, but the said Parcels of Lands are situate in a populous and improving Neighbourhood, and are convenient for building upon; and it being apprehended that they may be leased for the Purpose of building upon Terms highly advantageous and beneficial to all Parties interested, the said Nathaniel Lee Adon and Penelope his Wife, Caroline Adon, Sir William Middleton, and Dame Harriet Middleton his Wife, and the said William Fowle Middleton, are respectively desirous that a Power of granting such Leases should be vested in the said Nathaniel Lee Adon, and in the Person or Persons who shall from Time to Time be entitled beneficially to an Estate of Freehold or Inheritance in Possession in the said Lands for the Time being; but inasmuch as no Power to grant Leases for any Term longer than Twenty-one Years in Possession is given by the said Will of the said Baptist Lee, and by Reason of the ftrid Limitations of the said Will the fame cannot be effectuated without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said Nathaniel Lee Adon and Penelope his Wife, Caroline Adon, S:r William Middleten and Dame Harriet Middleton his Wife, and the said William Fowle Middleton, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and wih the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and 1 Commons,

48° GEORGII ill. Cap. 123. 2363

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That immediately from and after the passing of this Act it shall Building and may be lawful to and for the said 'Nathaniel Lee A don during his Life, Leases may being entitled as Tenant for Life in Possession under and by virtue of the be granted’ Limitations of the said Will of the said BaptiJILee, and of the said Indentures of the Thirtieth and Thirty-first of January One thousand eight hundred and six, and after the Death of the said Nathaniel Lee Adon, to and for such Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time thereafter for the Time being be beneficially entitled under and by virtue of the Limitations of the said Will and the said Indentures as Tenants for Life in Possession, if such Person or Persons shall be of the Age of Twenty-one Years, or if not, to and for his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians for the Time being, either testamentary or appointed by the High Court of Chancery; and if the said Charlotte Adon, being entitled as aforesaid as Tenant for Life in Possession, shall be of unfound Mind, to and for her Committee or Committees for the Time being, appointed by the High Court of Chancery, to contract and agree to let unto any Person or Persons willing to take the fame for the Purpose of building thereon any House or Houses or other Buildings, and for making suitable and convenient Yards, Areas, and Gardens, or other Conveniences to the fame, any Part or Parts of the said Lands and Hereditaments (including the Scite of the said old Houses and Buildings, and with Liberty to pull down the fame and use the Material thereof) comprized in the said Schedule, for any Term not exceeding Ninety-niipe Years from the Date of such Contract or Agreement, to take Effect in Possession and not in Remainder or by Way of future Interest, and at and under the belt yearly Rent or Rents that can be reasonably had or gotten at the Time of such Contract or Agreement for the Lands to be therein comprized for the Purpose aforesaid, without taking any Sum of Money or other Thing by way of Fine,

Premium, or Foregift, for or in respect of the fame, and afterwards from Time to Time when and as the Land so agreed to be let or any Part thereof shall be built upon in the Manner to be stipulated in any such Contract or Agreement, and the Buildings shall be covered in by One or ipore Indenture or Indentures, to demise and lease the Land so agreed to be let, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall be so built upon, together with the House or Houses and other Buildings thereupon erected and built, unto the Persons or Person contracting to take the same as aforesaid, or unto such other Person or Persons as they shall nominate and appoint in that Behalf, for and during the Remainder of the Term to be specified in such Contrail or Agreement, and in such Parts or Parcels and under and subject to such Parts and Proportions of the yearly Rent or Rents to be specified in such Contract or Agreement as shall be thought proper and convenient, but so that the yearly Rent to be reserved upon any such Lease do not exceed One Sixth Part of the clear yearly Rack Rent or Value of the Land and Buildings to be thereby demised and be not less than Forty Shillings; provided always, that if the yearly Rent or Rents to be reserved upon the Lease or Leases to be granted of any Part or Parts only of the Land comprized and agreed to be let in and by any such Contract or Agreement as aforesaid, shall amount to or make up the full yearly Rent or Sum therein stipulated to be paid for the Whole of such Land, then and in such Case the Remainder of such Land, or any Part or Parts thereof shall and may from Time to Time when and as the same shall be built upon in the Manner aforesaid, be demised and leased together with the

Houses

236+

48<' GEORGII III. Cap. 123.

Houses and Buildings thereupon erected, at the yearly Rent of a Pepper Corn only; provided always, that every such Conti aft or Agreement as aforesaid shall be in Writing, and that in every such Contract or Agreement there shall be inserted a Clause or Condition of Re-entry into such Part or Parts of the Land therein comprized and agreed to be let as shall not be built upon in the Manner therein stipulated within a reasonable Time to be therein appointed for that Purpose; and in every Lease to be made in pursuance and by virtue of this Act: the yearly Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved, shall be referred and made payable during the Continuance thereof by Four equal Quarterly Payments, andfo as to be incident to and go along with the Reversion immediately expectant on the Determination of such Lease, and that there shall not be received or taken any Sum of Money or other Thing by way of Fine, Premium, or Foregift for or in respect of any such Lease, and that in every such Lease there shall be contained a Condition of Re-entry for Non-payment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved or any Part thereof for the Space of Thirty Days or less after the same shall become due, and also for Default of completing and finishing the House or Houses, or other Buildings thereby de-mifed, if the fame be not completed and finished before the granting of such Lease, within a reasonable Time to be specified for that Purpose, and that the Lessee or Leffeesto be named in any such Lease, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, be not thereby expressly made dif-punishable for Waste other than such as muff necessarily happen by erecting any Buildings, and making such Yards, Areas, Gard ns, and Conveniences as aforesaid, and that the Lessee or Lessees to be named in every such Lease, do seal and deliver a Counterpart thereof to the said 'Nathaniel Lee Aden, or other the Lessor or Lessors for the Time being, and that the Lessee or Lessees do thereby enter into proper Covenants for the due Payment of the Rent or Rents, and for the completing of the House or Houses, or other Buildings thereby demised (if not already completed and finished) within a reasonable Time to be specified for that Purpose, and also for the repairing and keeping in Repair of such House or Houses, or other Buildings during the Term to be demised, and that a Memorial of every such Lease, and also of every Contract or Agreement to be made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act as aforesaid, shall within Two Calendar Monthsafter the Day of the Date thereof respectively be registered at the Pub-lic Office, and in the Manner and Form appointed and prescribed by the Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of Her Majesty Queen Anne for the registering of Deeds and Conveyances afiefting Lands in the County of Middlesex, and that every such Memorial shall contain a full Description of the Land and Hereditaments comprized in the Lease, Contract, or Agreement therein mentioned or referred to, and shall specify the Term of Years, in and by such Lease, Contract, or Agreement demised or agreed to be demised, and the yearly Rent or Rents thereby reserved or agreed to be reserved.

Persons enti-

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said Nathaniel Lee Adon, or tied to the any other Person for the Time being entitled to the Reversion immedi-a^on'lle- atety expectant on the Determination of any Lease to be granted by Sry upon virtue and in pursuance of this Act, shall at any Time hereafter re-enter the Premises, upon and resume the Possession of the Land and Buildings comprized £ran_t in such Lease under and by virtue of the Condition of Re-entry therein

ea e*‘ contained, either for Non-payment of the Rent thereby reserved, or for

Default

23 "5

4.8® GEORGII III. Cap. 123.

Default of completing or finiftting or repairing the Buildings therein comprized, or for any other Cause, then and in every such Case it jQiall and may be lawful to and for the said Nathaniel Lee Aft on > or other the Person or Persons for the Time being hereby authorized to make such Lease or Leases as aforesaid, by Indenture or Indentures to demise and lease the Land and Buildings whereof the Possession shall be so resumed, unto any Person or Persons who shall be willing to take the fame, for any Term not exceeding the Number of Years then to come of the Term demised by the original Lease thereof to be granted in pursuance of this Act, at and under the best yearly Rent that can be reasonably had or gotten for the lame, without taking any Sum of Money or other Thing by way of Fine, Premium, or Foregift in respect thereof, upon any Pretence whatsoever, and upon Condition that the Lessee or Lessees do and shall complete and finidi the Buildings if unfinished* or put the fame into a State of complete Repair if in want thereof, within a reasonable Time to be appointed for that Purpose: Provided always, that every Lease to be madeaslaft mentioned shall also be under and subject to all such Conditions and Restrictions as are herein-before specified and prescribed with regard to the original Leases to be granted in pursuance

and by virtue of this Act, or such of them as shall be applicable to the

Circumstances of the Cafe.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for persons em-

the said Nathaniel Lee Aston, or other the Person or Persons for the Time powered to being, authorized and empowered by this Act to grant , such Leases. as grant^Lcales,

aforesaid, as there shall be Occasion, to set' out a competent Part of for*

the said Lands comprized in the said Schedule for Roads, Streets, Ways, or Roads, etc. ' Avenues, in such Manner as shall be thought necessary for the Use and Convenience of the Occupiers of the Houses and other Buildings to be erected on the fame Lands as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Demise and Lease to be made Demises or in pursuance of this Act shall be good and effectual in the Law, and that the Brafe* to be Lessees to be in such Demises or Leases respectively named, their respective goo<iin , Law* Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, paying the Rent or Rents, and Reservations thereof, respectively reserved or made payable, and performing the Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements therein on their Parts respectively contained, shall and may hold and enjoy the Premises so to

them respectively demiled or leased, according to the Purport of such Demises or Leases respectively; and that every Contract or Agreement to demise or lease to be entered into in pursuance of this Act, shall be as good and available as if the Person or Persons so contrafting to demise was or were at the Time of executing every such Contraft seised of the absolute Fee Simple and Inheritance of the Land and Premises thereby contrafted to be demised as aforesaid. ,

V. Saving always to the King’s raoft Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and General Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic Saving, and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the said Nathaniel Lee Aston and the said Penelope his Wife, and the first and other Sons of the said Nathaniel Lee Aston, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and the first and other Daughters of the said Nathaniel Lee Aston and [Loc. fcf Per.] % 26 R the

2366 4* GEORGII III. Cap. 123.

the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and the said Caroline Aden the Daughter, and the First and other Sons of the said Caroline A£1 on, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and the Daughters of the said Caroline Aft on, and the Heirs of their Bodies, and the said Charlotte Aston, and her First and other Sons, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, and the Daughters of the said Charlotte Aston, and the Heirs of their Bodies, and the said Sir William Middleton and Dame Harriet Middleton his Wife, and the said William Fowle Middleton, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and all other the Sons of the said Dame Harriet Middleton, and the Heirs Male of their Bodies, and all the Daughters of the said Dame Harriet Middleton, and the Heirs of their Bodies, and also the Heirs of the Body of the said Caroline Aston deceased, and the Heirs and Assigns of the said Nathaniel Lee Aston, and the Trustees or Trustee for the Time being under the Will of the said Baptist Lee, or the said Indentures of Lease and Release of the Thirtieth and Thirty-first Days of January One thousand eight hundred and six, for preserving the Contingent Remainders thereby devised or limited, and their Heirs, and all and every other Persons and Person whomsoever, claiming or to claim any Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand of, in, to, or out of the said Lands comprized in the said Schedule hereto annexed, under the said Will of the said Bapti/l Lee; or the said Indentures of Lease and Release of the Thirtieth and Thirty-first Days of January One thousand eight hundred and six,) all such Estates, Rights, and Interests as they or any of them have or hath or could have held and enjoyed in case this present Act had not been made.

Ad to be

VI. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to

P-£nbJ ^e King’s m°ft Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be

Printer"2 S admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. \2i

2367

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers:

NAMES of PLACES

NAMES of TENANTS.

J3ACKNEY

Near Hackney, at HAGGERSTONE, I

in the Parish of St. j Leonard, Shoreditch J

A*. HOXTON

R* Eldridge, now In° Aird

Formerly Thomas Upfdell,

J hn Scott,'I'ho‘ Scott,)

and Samuel Scott, Joseph Wigg

Formerly in the Occupa-'i tion of Messrs. Scott, now of Joseph Wigg J

Close of Land

Another Close

Another Close

Another Close

Gardens

Houses and Sheds, Yards'* and Gardens, called > Haggeritone - - J

Black Horse Field

Cartway from the Road i

to Haggerftone - J 0 1 24

The Acre Field - 4 0 26

The 5 Acre Field - 5 3 12

The 10 Acre Field 9 . 33

The 9 Acre Field - u < 33

The nearer 12 Acre Field 10 2 16

The further 12 Acre Field 13 29

The 19 Acre Field 20 3 20

A Piece of Land - - a 0 9

' 3S2 to <1

John Edward.:*

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 124.

An A<fl for veiling the Share of Thomas Knight Cook, an Infant, of and in the Estates late of the Reverend Thomas Knight Clerk, deceastd, in Trullees, upon Trust to carry the Contrafts entered into for the Sale thereof into Execution, or otherwise to sell and dispose of the fame, and for investing the Money to arise therefrom, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be conveyed to the Use of him the said Thomas Knight and his Heirs.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Reverend Thomas Knight, late of the Parish of Wifi of tiic

Ca/ile Morton in the County of Worcester Clerk deceased, in and Knmhth riau*d by his last Will and Testainent in Writing duly executed and i.thjnric attested, bearing Date on or about the Eleventh Day of June One thousand 1/9j lecitwi. seven hundred and ninety-three, after reciting that he was seised of or entitled to divers Lands, Tenements, and Real Estates situate in the Counties of Gloucester, Somerset, and Wilts, and in the City of Bristol, and also of a Freehold Messuage and Lands situate at Jcyfield in the Parish of Cajile Morton aforesaid, and charging the fame several Real Estates with the Payment of all such Part and Parts of his Debts and Funeral Expences, and the Legacies of Two hundred Pounds a Piece to each of his Seven Grandchildren as his Personal Estate not therein after speciftcaily given at ILoc.& hr^ 26 S the

2370

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 124.

the Time of his Death should be insufficient fully to pay and satisfy, and so charged and chargeable therewith, he declared that as to the said Real Dilates in the said Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, he gave and deviled the fame, and also the said Mefftiage and Lands at Joyfield aforesaid, and all other his Real Dilates in the said Counties of Gloucester, Somerset, and H i ts, and in the City of Bristol and elsewhere, unto his Two Daughters, Ann then the Wife of Thomas Webb the Elder of Berrow, in the said County of Worcester and Ledbury in the County of Hereford Banker, and Hannah then the Wife of Habakkuk Cook of Longdon in the said County of Worcester Gentleman, and their respective Assigns, during their respective na ural Lives, in equal undivided Moieties, Share and Share alike, as Tenants in common and not as joint Tenants, and from and after the Decease of either of his said Daughters, and when and as they should respectively depart this Life, he gave and devised the Part or Moiety of her so dying unto the Chilu (if only One) or unto, amongst, or between all and every the Children of his said Two Daughters (if more than One) which should be then living. Share and Share alike as 'Tenants in common and not as joint Tenants, and to the Heirs of such Child or Children, but if any Child or Children of his said Two Daughters respectively (if more than One) should depart this Life in the Lifetime of either of his laid Two Daughters under the Age of Twenty-one Years without leaving lawful Issue of his, her, or their Bodies respectively, him, her, or them surviving, then the said ri eflator gave and devised the Part or Share of such Child or Children so dying as aforesaid to the surviving Children of his said Two Daughters Share and Share alike, as Tenants in common as aforesaid, and to his, her, or their respective Heirs, subject nevertheless as to such' accruing Parts or Shares of such Real Estates to the fame Conditions and Survivorship as his or their respective original Parts or Shares of the fame Estates were therem-before made subject to in case of his, her, or their respective Deaths under the Circumstances therein above-mentioned, it being his Will that the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the said Two Moieties or the Intirety of the said Real Estates should go equally amongst all the Children (if more than One) of his said Two Daughters who should survivethem and attain their respective Ages of Twenty-one Years, or die under that Age in the Lifetime of his said Two Daughters or the Survivor of them leaving lawful Issue, and in case all the Children of his said Two Daughters should depart this Life under the Age of Twenty-one Years without leaving lawful Issue them surviving, then the said 'Deflator gave all the said Real Estates so subject as aforesaid to his own right Heirs for ever, subject to a Proviso, and the said 'Deflator did declare his Will and Mind to be that in case the said Habakkuk Cook and Thomas Webb or either of them should survive his respective Wife, such Huff band or Husbands so surviving should each of them (if both should so survive) be entitled to take and receive out of the Moiety or Half Part of the said Real Estates so given and devised as thereinbefore mentioned, to his respective Wife, and the said Testator did thereby in such case give and devise to each of such Husbands so surviving his said Wife and his Assigns One Annuity or yearly Sum of Fifty Pounds during his natural Life, to be issuing and payable out of the said Moiety of his respective Wife, of and in such Real Estate, payable at the Times and in the Manner therein mentioned, and with such Powers and Remedies for receiving and recovering the said Annuities when in Arrear as are therein in that Behalf contained, and the said Deflator appointed his Sons-in-Law the said Habakkuk Cook, and Thomas

6 Webb

4S0 GEORGII III. Cdp. 124.

Webb the elder, Executors of his said Will: And whereas the said Testator Thomas Knight departed this Life in the Month of Augitft One thousand seven hundred and ninety three, without revoking or altering his said Will, leaving his said Two Daughters the said Hannah Cook then the Wife of the said Habakkuk Cook* and Ann Webb, then the Wife of the said Thomas Webb the elder, his Co-heirefies at Law; and thereupon the said Executors of the said Will duly proved the fame in the Prerogative Court of the Arch-bishop of Canterbury: And whereas at the Time of the Date and Publication of the said recited Will, and also at the Decease of the said Testator, his said Daughter Hannah Cook, the Wife of the said Habakkuk, had Five Children, namely Thomas Cook otherwise called Thomas Knight Cook '(fines deceased) her only Son, and Elizabeth, now the Wife of Joseph White Gentleman, Ann now the Wife of William Rayer Gentleman, Anna now the Wife of John Berkeley Gentleman, and Mary now the Wife of William White Gentleman, her Four Daughters, and the said Ann Webb, the Wife of the said Thomas Webb the elder, had Two Children, namely, Thomas Webb the younger, and Anna now the Wife of John Merrett Stephens Banker, and neither of the said Testator’s Daughters had any other Mue afterwards: And whereas the said Ann Webb the Wife of the said Thomas Webb the elder departed this Life in the Month of June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, leaving her Husband the said Thomas Webb the elder, and her said Two Children by him, namely, the said Thomas Webb the younger, and /Inna the Wife of the said John Merrett Stephens her surviving, whereupon the said Thomas Webb the elder,- became entitled for his Life to the said Annuity of Fifty Pounds, by the said recited Will given or devised to him in that Event, out of the Moiety of the said Ann his late Wife of and in the said Estates devised by the said recited Will: And whereas the said Thomas Cook, otherwise called Thomas Knight Cook, thecnly Son of the said Hannah Cook survived the said Ann Webb, but afterwards d parted this Life intcllate leaving his Wife Judith Cook and Four Children Mue by her, namely, the said Thomas Knight Cook his only Son and Heir at Law, now an Infant, and Three Daughters, Marianne Cook, Judith Cook, and Hannah Cook, Infants him surviving, and thereupon the undivided One-seventh Part or oilier Share which under the said recited Will vested in the said Thomas Cook, otherwise called Thomas Knight Cook deceased, as One oflhe Five Children of the said Hannah Cook, and One of the Seven Grandchildren of the said Testator, of and in the said Real Estates devised by the said recited Will in Remainder as aforesaid, and such other Estate, if any, as he might have therein defeended to his only Son, the said Thomas Knight Cook, the Infant, as his Heir at Law: And whereas the said Habakkuk Cook, and Hannah his Wife, Joseph White and Elizabeth his Wife, William Rayer and Ami his Wife, John Berkeley and Anna his Wife, William White and Mary his Wife, (the said Elizabeth White, Ann Rayer, Anna Berkeley and Mary White, being the only surviving Children of the said Hannah Cook), and the said Thomas Webb the younger, and the said John Merrett Stephens and Anna his Wife, (the said Thomas Webb the younger and Anna Stephens being the only Children of the M\d., Ann Webb), and also the said Thomas Webb the elder, being of Opinion that it would be greatly to the Advantage of all Parties entitled to undivided Shares of and in the said Real Estates, late of the said Testator Thomas Knight deceased, that the fame Estates should be fold, and the Monies arising therefrom laid out or inverted in the Funds, or upon Securities* in Trust for all Parties interested in the said Estates, or otherwise divided and applied to and for

their

48° GEORGII III. , Cap. 124.

their Benefit feccohling to their respective Shares and Interests in the said Estates inhead holding she fame Estates in undivided Shares, or proceeding' to an expensive Partition thereof, and being also willing and desirous that fhesaid Thorny Knight Cook, (the Infant Son and Heir of the said Thomas Cook otherwise called Thomas Knight Cook deceased,) should be considered as (entitled to the Benefit of One,full Seyenth Part of the fame Estates, the) the Hid Habakkuk Cook, Joseph White, William Rayer, John. Berkeley air! William White, on Behalf of rheinselves respectively, and thhr respedm Wives, and the said Thomas Webb the elder, and Thomas Webb the Younger, and John Merrett Stephens on Behalf of himself and his said Wife, entered into an Agreement on or about the Ninth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and seven, whereby they mutually ag.eed that the said Estates late of the said Thomas Knight should be fold, but in regard that such Sale could not be perfected as to the Share of the said Thomas Knight C ck the Infant (therein called Thomas Cooky, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament; it was mutually agreed by and between the said Parties thereto, that an Application should be made. to Parliament as soon as might be, to obtain an Act to effect or confirm such Sale of the said Estates, as to the Share of the said Thomas Knight Cook the Infant therein, and that by and out of the Money to arise from such Sale of the said El’ates, a sufficient Part thereof to produce Six hundred Pounds a Year in the Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, should be inverted in the Names of Trustees in Trust for the Benefit of the said Hannah Cook during her Life, in lieu of her Life Ertate or Interest in a Moiety f the said Estates, and that a Sum sufficient to produce Fifty Pounds a Year to the said Thomas Webb the elder, for his Life, should be inverted in the said Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, and that in case of the Death of the said Hannah Cook in the Lifetime of her faiu Husband, a sufficient Part of the Money or Fund so to be inverted in the said Three Pounds per Centujn Consolidated Bank Annuities to answer the said Annuity to the said Hannah Cock, should be appropriated or remain in Trust for securing an Annuity of Fifty Pounds to the said Habakkuk Cook for his Life, to commence after the Decease of the said Hannah his Wife, and that a Seventh Part of the Residue of the Monies to arise from the Sale of the said Estates, and also a Seventh Part of the Trust Funds so inverted to answer the said Annuities, (after the Determination of such Annuities, should be appropriated as the Share of the said Thomas Knight Cook the Infant upon Trust to be laid out in the Purchase of Lands to be settled to the Use of him the said Thomas Knight Cook and his Heirs, or otherwise as and for and in lieu of his Share in the said devised Estates, in such Manner as by the Act of Parliament so to be obtained for the Sale of his Share of the said Estates, should be enacted or directed in regard thereto, and that the other Six Seventh Parts or Shares of the Residue of the Monies to arise from the Sale of the said Estates, ' and also of the Trust Funds or Annuities so to be appropriated to answer and pay the said Annual Sums to' the said Hannah Cook, Thomas Webb the elder, and Habakkuk Cook, (Tub-jed to and after the Determination of their respective Annuities) should be paid or transferred, divided and settled in the Proportions and Manner therein mentioned: And whereas in pursuance of the said Agreement the said Ellies were put up to Sale in Lots by Public Auction, Part thereof at the White Lion in the City of Brijloi; other Part thereof at tile Bear Inn' i& Devizes in the County of Wilts; other Part thereof at the S&an'lirn in ' Wooiton under Edge in the County of Gloucc/hr: other Part thereof at the

- Y;’ Bell'

48' GEORGII III. Gap. i24.

Bell Inn in the City of Gloucester, and the other Part thereof at the Feathert Inn in the Parish oj Cajllemorton aforesaid, pursuant to many Advertisements published thereof in the London and Country Newspapers, and at which laid Auctions or Sales divers Persons were as the be (I Bidders for declared to be PurchaserS of sundry of the said Lots, and the Residue of the Lots not disposed of at such Auctions were immediately Or very soon afterwards fold or agreed to be sold by private Contracts, and Agreements in Writing were thereupon entered into to complete such Sales: And whereas after the said Sales, videlicet, on or about the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eight; the said Hannah Cook the Wife of the said Habakkuk Cook departed this Life, leaving her said Hu (band and Four Daughters her surviving, and also leaving her Grandson the said Thomas Knight Cook the Infant, her Heir at Law: And whereas by a certain Indenture of Bargain and Sale (inrolled in the High Court of Chancery), bearing Date on or about the Fifteenth Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eight, and expressfed to be made between the said Joseph White and Elizabeth his Wife, William Rayer and Ann his Wife, John Berkeley and Anna his Wife, William White and Mary his W ife, the said Thortias Webb the younger, and John Merrett Stephens and Anna his Wile, of the First Part; the said Habakkuk Cook and Thomas Webb the elder of the Second Part; and Anthony Lechmere of the Rhydd in the Parish of Hanley Castle in the County of Worcester Esquire, and Francis Workman of Main-stone Court in the Parish of Pixtey in the said County of Hereford Esquire, (Trustees appointed for the Purposes therein-after mentioned) of the Third Part; after reciting the reimthe said recited Will, and also reciting that the Personal Estate of the said Testator Thomas Knight was much more than sufficient to pay his Debts, Funeral Expences, and Legacies; and that all such Debts, Funeral Expences, and Legacies, had been duly paid and satisfied thereout, and otherwise reciting as therein is recited hereinbefore dated, it was and is witnessed, that in pursuance of the aforesaid Agreement and for the Conditions therein expressed, they the said Joseph White and Elizabeth his Wife, William Rayer and Ann his Wife, John Berkeley and Anna his Wife, William White and Mary his Wife, Habakkuk Cook, Thomas Webb the elder, Thomas Webb the younger, and John Merrett Stephens and Anna his Wife, did, by the said Indenture of Bargain and Sale now in Recital, and by Six several Fines thereby covenanted to be levied, and which have been fmee duly levied, accordingly grant, bargain, fell, or otherwise convey and allure (according to their respective Eiiates and Interest therein) all that and those the Capital and other Messuages-or Tenements, Cottages, Lands, Tythes, and Hereditaments late of the said Testator Thomas Knight deceased, situate, lying, and being in Thornhury in the said County of Gloucester and in Kingsiaood, Bishops Canning, otherwise Cannings, Bishop Roude and Melkfleam in the County of Wilts, and in Port bury in die County of Somerset, and in Cajllemorton in the County of Worcester, and also in the Cities of Bristol and Gloucester or in the Counties of the fame Cities respectively, and in the said Indenture now in Recital particularly mentioned and described; and all which said Capital and other Messuages, Tenements, Cottages, Lands, Tythes, and Hereditaments are therein mentioned to be recapitulated, and the greater Parr thereof more particularly mentioned and described according to their present Names, Quantities* Qualities, and Situations in the Schedule thereunto annexed or lubjoined,-and all other the Capital and other Messuages or Tenements, Cottages, Lands, Tythes, Hereditaments, and Premises whereof or where to the said-Thomas Knight died Ceded or entitled in Possession, R ever (ion, Remainder,

|mLoc. & Perl} 26 T o\

2374

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 124.

or Expectancy, situate in the several Parishes and Places therein mentioned; with all the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging or appertaining, unto and to the Use of the said Anthony Lechmere and Francis Workman, their Heirs and Assigns foi ever, upon the several Trulls and to and for the Intents and Purposes in and by the said Indenture of Bargain and Sale now in Recital expressed and declared or referred to and herein-after in Part recited (that is to say) Upon Truss that they the said Anthony Lechmere and Francis Workman, or the Survivor of them, his Heirs or Assigns, should, as soon as conveniently might be, perform or carry into Execution such Sales or Contradts entered into for the Sale and Disposal thereof respectively to the several Purchasers for the Sums bid or agreed to be paid for the same, and receive and recover the Purchase Monies thereof, and thereupon convey and allure the fame Lots or Hereditaments with the Appurtenances unto and to the Use of the respective Purchasers thereof and their, his, or her Heirs and Assigns for ever* or make and execute such Conveyances thereof as such Purchasers or their Counsel should advise; and as to all such Lots or Parts thereof so fold or contracted to be loid as aforesaid, whereof the Contrasts for the Sale thereof could not be enforced, or which by Consent or otherwise might be relinquished, upon Trull that they the said Anthony Lechmere and Francis Workman or the Survivor of them, his Heirs or Assigns, should as soon as convenient ly might be, fell and absolutely dispose of the fame Lots or Hereditaments and such other Parts of the said Premises as might remain unfold, and the Inheritance in Fee Simple thereof, either together or in Parcels, by public Sale or Auction or Private Contradf, unto any Person or Persons who should be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively for the moll Money that could be reasonably had for the fame, and in Consideration of such Purchase Money thereof should convey and act'ure the fame last-mentioned Hereditaments and Premises unto and to the Use of such Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns for ever, or make and execute such Conveyances thereof as the respective Purchasers of the fame or their Counsel might reasonably require; and for facilitating the Performance of the Trusts aforesaid the said Anthony Lechmere and Francis Workman, or the Survivor of them, his Heirs or Assigns, are and is thereby authorized to give good and sufficient Discharges for the Purchase Monies to arise therefrom; and for better effectuating such Sales and Dif-position as aforesaid as to the said undivided Seventh Part or other Share which the said Thomas Knight Cook the Infant, therein called Thomas Cook, was or might be entitled to, of and in the aforesaid Hereditaments and Premises with the Appurtenances, it was and is by the Indenture of Bargain and Sale now in Recital declared and agreed by and between the said Parties thereto, that they the fame Parties should, as soon as conveniently might be, use their best Endeavours to obtain an Act of Parliament for veiling the fame undivided Seventh Part or other Share of the said Hereditaments and Premises with the Appurtenances in the said Anthony Lechmere and Francis Workman, or other Trul'tees to be thereby appointed thereof, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, upon the fame or the like Trusts, and for the like Intents and Purposes and with the like Declarations as were therein-before expressed and declared of and concerning the several other Parts or Shares, Hereditaments and Premises thereby granted, bargained, and fold, or as near thereto as Circumstances would admit; and as to Six Seventh Parts or Shares of all the clear Monies to arise and be received from the Sale of the Intirety of the said Hereditaments and Premises under the Trulls

thereby

2375

4-8lr GEORGII III. Cap. 124.

thereby declared as aforesaid, it was and is thereby declared and agreed by and between the said Parties thereto, that they the said Anthony Lech-mere and brands Workman, the r Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, should {land and be possessed of and interested in the fame, upon the several Trulls, and for the Intents and Purposes, and subjtbl to the Provisions, Declarations, and Agreements therein-after mentioned and declared or referred to, of and concerning the same; and as to the other or remaining Seventh Part or Share of the clear Moines to arise from the Sale of the Iniirety of the said several Hereditaments and Premises (being the Purchase Money agreed upon as the said Seventh Part or other Share of the said Thomas Knight Cook the Infant of and in the fame Hereditaments and Premises) it was and is thereby declared and agreed between the said Parties thereto, that they the said Anthony Lechmere and Francis Workman, or other the Trusses thereof, or the Survivor of them, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, should (land and be possessed thereof, or otherwise that the fame should be paid and applied upon and pursuant to fitch Trusts and to and for such Intents and Purposes and in such Manner as by the Act of Parliament so to be obtained for the Purpose aforesaid should be declared and directed concerning the same: And whereas the said Estates late of the said Testator Thomas Ktiigbt deceased, have beenfo as aforesaid fold or contrabled to be sold in Lots at Prices amounting together to Forty-seven. thousand and sixty-six Pounds or thereabouts, which was rather more than the Valuations previously made thereof, and it will be greatly to the In-terefl and Advantage of the said Thomas Knight Cook the Infant that the aforesaid Sales and Agreements as to his said undivided Seventh Part or other Share of and in the said Estates late of the said Thomas Knight deceased should be completed or carried into Execution, but by reason of his Infancy the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; wherefore Your Majesty!smofl dutiful and loyal Subjects the said Judith Cook on Behalf of the said Thomas Knight Cook her Infant Son, and also the said Habakkuk Cook and Thomas Webb the elder, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty thatit may be enabled; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenr of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, hnd;by the Authority of the same, That the said undivided Seventh Part or The umtl-other Share, Estate, and Interest of the said Thomas Knight Cook the Infant of and in the said Capital and other Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, the Eiates'W-Tythes, and Hereditaments devised by the said recited Will of the said J'trrihe<1 >>y Thomas Knight deceased, and particularly mentioned and described in the Act* said recired indenture of Bargain and Sale, and in the Schedule thereof tp yertedin this Act annexed, and of and in all the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereto belonging or appertaining, and the Reversion and Rever- *red to*carry fions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, ^a^'hna* shall from and immediately after the passing of this Act be veiled in and for the Sale the fame is and are hereby from thenceforth veiled in Wakeman Long of |erce"|. Upton upon Severn, in the County of Worccjicr Gentleman, and William o herw.l to Holbrook of Ledbury in the County of Hereford Gentleman, their Heirs and 1=11 lte f,me* Assigns for ever, freed and discharged of and from the Uses, Trusts and Limitations limited or declared thereof in and by the said recited Will (of the fail Thomas Knight deceased (except and subjebltoa due Proportion of such Charges and Incumbrances if any as nowaffeblthe said Hereditaments under 'he said Will of the said Thomas Knight deceased) and that they the said Wakeman Long and William Holbrook, and their Heirs, shall and do (land fdfed of and interested in the fame undivided Seventh Part or other Share 7 of

2$j6 4S* GEORGII III; Gap. 124.

of the said Thomas Knight Cook the Infant of and in the said Capital and other Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments, late of the said Thomas Knight deceased (subject as aforesaid) to the Use of them the said Wakeman Long and William Holbrook, their Heirs and Aligns for ever, upon Trust nevertheless to carry the Contrafts entered into as aforesaid for the Sale of the respective Parts of the fame undivided Seventh Part or other Share and Premises in Lots as aforesaid into Execution, or otherwise to sell and dispose thereof, and of every or any Part or Parts thereof, either together or in Parcels, and to grant and convey the fame and the Inheritance in Fee Simple thereof accordingly (and which they the said Wakeman Long and Williaih Holbrook, and the Survivor of them, his Heirs or Assigns, are and is hereby fully authorized and empowered to do) unto any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Sum or Sums of Money, or for such Prices as are mentioned in the aforesaid Contrails or Agreements, as the Purchase Money of the fame Seventh Part or Share, or otherwise for the mod Money or best Price or Prices that can or may be reasonably had or gotten for the same.

HW the Mo- H. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Purchaser or ncy anting by Purchasers, or respective Persons to whom the said undivided Seventh be^pbedf11 Part or Share of the said Thomas Knight Cook the Infant of and in the said Eflatesor Hereditaments late of the said Testator Thomas Knight have been fold under the Trusts of the said recited Indenture of Bargain and Sale, or shall be fold under the Trusts of this Act, shall and do pay his, her, and their respective Purchase Money for the fame Seventh Part or Share into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery ex parte, such Purchaser or Purchasers of the undivided Seventh Part or Share of the said Thomas Knight Cook the Infant of and in the said Estates and Hereditaments late of the said Testator Thomas Knight, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter the Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-fourth, and the Certificate or Certificates of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, together with the Receipt or Receipts of One of the Cashiers of the Bank to be thereto annexed, and therewith filed in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery of the Payment into the Bank of England by the Purchaser or Purchasers of any Part or Parts of the said Seventh Part or Other Share hereby vested in the said Trustees upon the Trusts aforesaid, of his, her, or their Purchase Monies' respectively, or of any Part or Parts thereof respectively, shall from Time to Time be a good and effectual Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers, and his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for such Purchase Monies, or for so much thereof for which such Certificates and Receipts shall be respectively given; and after filing such Certificates and Receipts as aforesaid, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall be absolutely acquitted and discharged of and from the said Monies, and shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misappfication, or Nonapplication thereof.

Money paid

III. And be it further enacted, That the Monies which shall, pursuant o'beaster*"!* to -^re&*on hereinbefore contained, be so paid into the Bank of waidiveftei England as aforesaid, shall upon Petition to the said Court of Chancery in

a Lmv-

®4

as,

ob

ask

or

arts

iase

[tit

Ji

'Jo) Cfy, ^ree-»or fbe

’ or

enth fold been Sale, ,2nd: into

the

or

ing

or the

the

or

is

or

i

4

i

4.8° GEORG 11 111. Gap. iM- 2377

a furamary Way to be preferred by or on the Part and Behalf of the said ’Thomas Knight Cock the Infant or his Heirs, be laid out and inverted, Lands. subject to the Directions and Controul- of the said Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of the Inheritance in Fee Simple of Freehold Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be lunate, lying and being within that Part of the United Kingdom called England or the Principality of Wales or both, and of any Copyhold Lands, Tenements, or.Hereditaments, lying contiguous thereto, and convening to be purchased therewith* in PofiHlior\ free from Incumbrances, except Fee Farm or Quit Rents, or Curtomary Rents and Services, and which said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to he purchased shall be thereupon with all convenient Speed conveyed and allured to the Use of the said Thomas Knight Cook the Infant, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, subject neverthelefe. to and charged with the Payment of One equal Seventh Part or Share or the aforesaid Two several Annuities or Yearly Sums of Fifty Pounds a Piece, payable under the said recited Will to the said Habakkuk Cook and Thomas Webb the elder for their Lives respectively as aforesaid, or of such of the fame Annuities as shall for the Time being be payable, and with and subject to the like Powers,. Remedies, and Means for securing or levying, receiving and Recovery of the fame Seventh Part or Share or the said Annuities, as by the said recited Will were given or limited for feeuring* levying, receiving and recovering the fame Annuities respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Monies which shall be paid into the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General in the "oiVS ...at Manner hereinbefore directed, pi* so much thereof as shall not be di- i’m-rected'Tjy the said Court of Chancery to be paid and applied in the Pay- vi* u'liin* ment of Corts and Lienees according to the Provisions hereinafter o. Exchequer contained, shall in the meantime, and until the said Monies shall be B,1is* Inverted in a Purchase or Purchases as aforesaid, be front Time to J im£ laid out by the said Accountant General in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, ami the Money received for the same as they shall be respectively paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General in the Purchase of other Navy and Victualling and Exchequer Bills, all Which said Navy and Victualling Bills and Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until the same shall upon Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by of on the Behalf of the said Thomas Knight Cook the Infant or his Heirs, b'C ordered to be sold by the said Accountant General for the completing-of any Purchase or Purchases hereby authorized to be made as aforesaid, in liich Manner as the said Court shall think jurt and meet; and if the Money to a rile by the Sale of such Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills which shall have been purchased as aforesaid shall exceed the original Purchase Money so laid out thereon as aforesaid, then and in that Cafe all or any Part of the Surplus which may remain shall and may be paid and applied in or, towards Payment of such Sum or Sums* of Money as may be due or owing to the said Habakkuk Cook and Thomas Webb the elder, or either of them, for or on account of any Arrears of the said Seventh Part of the said Annuities of Fifty Pounds a Piece, payable to them for their Lives respectively under the said recited Will, or otherwise. to or for the Use and Benefit of the [tot. & Per.] Y 26 U said

2378 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 124.

fald Ihomns Knight Cook the Infant, in such Manner as the said Court shall order and direct.

The Court of V. Provided nevertheless, and it his hereby further enacted, That It thoa.'i3y.oU’ ^ab be lawful! for the High Court of Chancery from Time to Time, upon piv lor the any Application to be preferred or made to the said Court by Petition or jmdiTdi^ati* ^herwiic for or on the Behalf of the said Thomas Knight Cook the Infant (heiniU.u to make such Order or Orders as the said Court shall think fit for the Payment of any Part or Parts x>f the Interest which shall become payable for, upon or in respect of any such Navy, Victualling or Exchequer Bills as aforesaid, to be paid to the said Judith Cook the Mother, or other the Guardian of the said Thomas Knight Cook the Infant, for the Purpose of being applied for or towards the Maintenance and Education of him the said Thomas Knight Cook the Infant.

Ard a’so to vi. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and Colts attend- may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery from Time to Time inu the vexing to make such Order as that Court shall think fit, for taxing all Coils, and Perform Charges and Expences which shall have been incurred in veiling all or any »pce of the of the Monies which under this Act shall be paid into the Bank of England

?astd a«dbe *n the Purchase of Lands or Hereditaments according to the Directions

paid. herein contained, or otherwise for carrying the Trulls and Purposes of this Act into Execution, and also from Time to Time to make an Order, if to the said Court it shall seem lit, for Payment of all such Cods, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, out of the Money so to be paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or out of the Money arising by Sale of the said Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills so to be purchased as aforesaid.

Fpts of tie

VII. And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time and until the Par^unUUoid undivided Seventh Part or other Share hereby veiled in' the said Wake-and c nvej ed. man Long and William Holbrook of and in the said Estates or Hereditaments late of the said Thomas Knight deceased upon the Truds aforesaid, shall be fold and conveyed in Manner aforesaid, they the said Wakeman Long and William Holbrook, their Heirs and Assigns, shall and do permit and suffer the Rents and Profits thereof to be received and taken by such Person or Persons as would be respectively entitled to and ought to hold, enjoy and receive the same in case this Act had not been made.

in case of

VIII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That if both or &c ebber of them the said Wakeman Long and William Holbrook, or any Trustee o-hers io be of Trullees who shall succeed or be appointed in the Place or Stead of them, appointed. or either of them as hereinafter is mentioned, shall die or desire to relinquish the Trulls hereby in them or him reposed, or shall refuse or decline to act or become incapable to act in the Execution of the said Trulls, or shall go out of Great Britain before the said Trulls shall be fully performed and executed, then and so often as any such Case shall happen, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery in a summary Way, on Application made for that Purpose by Petition by or on the Behalf of the said Thomas Knight Cook the Infant, from Time to Time to nominate, substitute and appoint any Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees, in the Place or Stead of the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged, or going out of Great Britain, or refusing, declining, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, and that when and so icon and as' often as any new Trustee or 3 Trustees

2379

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 124*

Trustees shall be nominated and appointed as aforesaid by an Older of the said Court of Chancery in a luminary Way on Petition as aforesaid, all the said Seventh Part or Share, Powers and Premises, which shall then be vested in the Trustee or Trustees respectively so dyingor defirirrg to bedif-charged or refusing, declining or becoming incapable to ad, or going out of Great Britain as aforesaid, either foleiy or jointly with the other Trustee or Trustees thereof, shall thereupon with all convenient Speed be conveyed and transferred in such Sort and Manner, and so as that the fame Trust, Premises and Powers shall and may be legally and effectually vested in the surviving or continuing Trustee thereof, and such new Trustee, or if there shall be no continuing Trustee, then in such new Trustee or Trustees only, upon the same Trusts and for the fame Intents and Purposes as are hereinbefore declared, of and concerning the aforesaid Trull, Share and Premises, or such and so many of the fame Trulls, Intents and Purposes, as shall or may be then fubfilling and capable of taking Tiled, and that such new Trustee or Trustees shall and may in all Things ad in the Management, carrying on and Execution of the Tnifts aforesaid, as fully and effectually and with the fame Powers and Authorities to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if he or they had been originally in and by this Act appointed a Trustee or Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither of the said present or sutured rustees of this Act shall be answrerable or accountable for the other or others of them or for involuntary Losses, and that by and out of any Money which shall come to their or his Hands or Hand by virtue of any of the aforesaid Trusts, it shall be lawful for them and him to retain to and reimburse themselves and himself respectively all the Colts, Charges and Expences which they or he may respectively incur or sustain in carrying the Trusts of the present Act into Execution, and not herein particularly provided for.

X. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns (other than and except the said Thomas Knight Cook the Infant and his Heirs) all such Estate, Bight, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, and out of the said undivided Seventh Part or Share and Premises hereby vested in the said Trusteesupon the Trusts aforesaid, or any Part thereof, as they, every or any of them had before the passing this Act, or could or might have had, held or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s , most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy of the fame so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

Indemnifying the Trulttes.

General

Evidence}

2380

48° GEORGII III. Gap. 224.

The SCHEDULE referred to in the foregoing Act,

MARLWOOD FARM, in the Pari ft of Tho

the County of

A Capital Messuage or Tenement, with necessary Buildings, and the following Closes, Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, Pasture and Wood Land or Ground thereunto belonging, viz.

The Homestead Yards, Garden and Orchard

Orchard adjoining

Coney Acre

Hawthorne Leys

Cold Park.

Fermey Ley?

Down Leys Furzey Paddock Dry Plain Long Mead Stoney Close Wood Leys Fish Por.d Leys The Walk Tanner's Mead Town Me.id Clutterbucks Ditto and Little Plot Ditto -

Ditto

Kenton Mead Cockfhot Hill r

Kenton Hill Kenton Grove Pathy Lays

The Warren ' -

Grefs Annual Rent, 38.515.-—fold for 19,0

25 3 2!*

WOODSOME otherwise WHATSOME FARM, situate i in the County of Gloucester.

the Pa rift- of Kingwooiv

A Capital Messuage, with necessary Euildirigs, and the following CfefeS, Pieces Parcels of Meadow and Pasture Land thereunto belonging, viz.

The Homestead Yards, &c. Orchard Eight Acres Woodfome Mead Woodfome PI ill

Gross Annual Rent, g£. 120.—fold for 5,960.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

FARM at Clapton Wick, in the Parish of Portbury,' in the County of Somerset.

A Messuage or Farm House, with necessary. Buildings, and the following Pieces of Parcels of Arable and Pasture Land thereunto belonging, viz.

The Homestead and Garden Orchard (Pasture)

One Close of Meadow or Pasture One other Close, lately Meadow now Arable One other Close of Meadow or Pasture One other Close of Meadow or Pasture One other Close, late Meadow now Arable One other Close, late Meadow now Arable

Also, Twenty-two Acres of Pasture called The Hill, allotted to the said Farm, under an Act for inclosing the Waste and Commonable Lands in the said Parish of Portbury.

- Gross Annual Rent, ^20.—fold for <£700.

COTE otherwise LITTLE COTE FARM, situate in the Parish of Bishops Canning, in the County of Wilts.

A Messuage, Tenement or Farm House, with nccelTary Buildings, and the following Closes, Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, Pasture and Wood Land, thereunto belonging, viz.

The Homestead Yards, S:c. -

Barn and Yard detached -

1 he Orchard -

Middle Ground -

The Withy Bed -

The Moor

Hobbs’s Meadow -

Sheephouse Close -

Upper Croft -

Lower Croft -

LaylandsMead -

Lower Lay lands Mead

Lower Cowr Leaze -

Cow Leaze -

Little Dry Violes -

Hill Burn

Violes Field -

Alder Bed -

Great Dry Violes -

Hither Broad Field -

Broad Field -

Pitts Hill - 1

The Faroe Field -

Verh'nams

Rickfton Meadow -

Gross Annual Rent, *£250.—fold for *£10,r6o; including the Reversion in Fee of the following Cottages:

\Loc. & Per,\ 26 X—r

A. R P.

O I 4.

p. O 2 35

M. 1 I 10

W.

M.

M. 0 3 8

A. 4 0 19

P. 5 1 *4

P. 5 3 3o

M.

M. 4 2 30

P. 6 1 3 3

A. 7 2 S

P. 4 1 30

M.

M. 5 0 20

P.

P. 4 3 33

M. 3 3 37

M

M. 2 3 35

P. 196 2 9

5o 7

1 . J 2 8

M. 11 7

278 3 ij

2

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 124.

The REVERSION in FEE of the Six following COTTAGES at Cote; also in the Parish of Bishops Canning, and County of Wilts.

A Cottage called Qillman’s Lower House with a Garden, containing about one Rood, expectant upoir the several I eceafes of Mary Hifcock, James Hifcock, and Mary Hifcock the younger - - - Mary Hifcock, Tenant.

A Cottage with a Garden, containing about Twenty Perches, expectant upon the Decease of Rose Carrier Afker - - - Thomas Aflter, Tenant.

A Cottage and Garden, cxpe&ant upon the several Deceases of Mary Bullock (late Mary Neatej and Robert Neate, and of the Survivor of them - - - Thomas Bullock, Tenant.

A Cottage and Garden, expectant upon the Decease of Robert Dyke -

D- Hifcock, Tenant.

A Cottage and Garden, called Yates, about half an Acre, expectant upon the Deceases of and Richard Hifcock, Tenant.

And a newly ere«£l:ed Cottage and Garden, e-vpe&ant upon the Decease of Susannah Shead, late Ruddeli’s - - - William Sheate, Tenant.

These Six Cottages were fold, together with Cote Little Farm; Quit Rent,£.1.

The REVERSION in FEE of The Rising Sun Public House, situate upon Devises Green within the Borough of Devises, in the County of Wilts.

A newly erected Public House, called The Rising Sun, expectant upon the several De" ceases of Jane Thring and Sarah Burton, Daughters of Thomas Fowle and of Richard Chandler, and of the Survivor of them - - - MefTrs Savington & Co. Tenants. This is situate upon Devises Green, in the Borough of Devises, in the County of Wilts.

Sold for^ioo.

LANDS at Nursted in the Parish of Bishops Canning, in the County of Wilts.

The First Ground The Second Ground The Third Ground The Fourth Ground

P.

P.

P.

P.

Gross Annual Rent, s£l2.—fold for 6^950.

LANDS at Calne Hill, in the Parish of Roude, in the County of Wilts.

The Six Acres The Four Acres Rough Field New Farm Mead

Gross Annual Rent, ^'50.—fold for 1,550.

>7 3 2J

Also about Seven Acres of Pasture Land, lately taken by the Ken nett and Avon Canal Company, and now cut up and principally covered by the Water of said Canal.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 124.

LANDS at Seend, in the Parish of Melksham, in the County of Wilts.

Grove Field Little Grove Field Elliot’s Ground Ashes Close Picked Meadow Paradise Leys Paradif Little Leys Little Birts Berry Hills

Gross Annual Rent, *£45—fold for 5^3,277.

A.

P.

A.

P.

P.

P.

130

1 3 29

7 1 28

2 3 o

1 3 11

5 3 3a

3 4 1

TYTHE.

All Manner of Tythes of Corn, Grain and Hay yearly arising, growing, renewing or increasing from or out of certain Lands in Roude, called The Marsh Lands or Caine Hill Grounds, in Wiltshire.

WHITE LION INN and other PREMISES in Bristol.

A capital Inn or Hotel called White Lion, with the Coach Houses, Stables and other Buildings thereto belonging, situate in Broad Street in the City of Bristol - - Mr. Luce, Tenant.

Annual Rent, —fold for ^3,100.

Also, a Messuage or Dwelling House with the Buildings thereto belonging, situate in Thomas Street in the said City of Bristol, - - - Joseph Woodward, Tenant.

Annual Rent, £io.—fold for ^782.

Also, another Messuage or Dwelling House situate in last-mentioned Street - - Mrs. Ann Buckle, Tenant.

Annual Rent, ^16.—fold for ^332.

HOUSE in Gloucester.

A Messuage or Tenement with the Buildings thereunto belonging, situate in the S outh Gate in the Parish of in the City of Gloucester -

Mr. Nicholas Barns, Tenant.

Annual Rent, ^31. 4^.—fold for ^760.

JOYFIELDS in Castlemorton, in the County of Worcester.

A Cottage or Tenement called Joyfields, situate in the Parish of Castlemorton, Worcestershire, with the Orchard or Close of Pasture Land thereto belonging, containing one Acre and an half - - - John Rodway, Tenant.

Annual Rent, *£8.- lls.—fold for ^375.

This Schedule was examined by

Thomas Fulljames. Wake man Long.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Stjrahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 125.

An Act for confirming and rendering valid and effectual an Exchange made in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, between William Mellish Esquire, deceased, and Charles Mellish Esquire, his eldest Son, also deceased, and the Vicar of Blyth in the County of Nottingham, of Lands and Hereditaments of the said William Mel-lip and Charles Mellip in the Farish of Blyth, for a small Part of the Glebe belonging to the said Vicarage. [ 18 th June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Indenture, bearing Date the Thirtieth Day ISg^he-'

of October One thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, and tweenWiiiim made between William Mellish and Charles Mellish of the First */!? Part; the Reverend Matthew Tomlinson Clerk, Vicar of Blyth in the the vicar of County of Nottingham, of the Second Part; the Matter and Fellows of Trinity College in Cambridge, Patron of the Church of Blyth aforesaid, of J°’ *' the Third Part; and the most Reverend Father in God Robert Lord Arch-bishop of York Primate of England and Metropolitan Diocesan of the said Church, of the Fourth Part; after reciting that the said William Mellish and Charles Mellish and Matthew Tomlinson, with the Consent of the said Matter and Fellows of Trinity College in Cambridge, did agree to exchange a certain Messuage (which hath since been pulled down) and certain Glebe Lands and Hereditaments belonging to the Vicarage of Blyth aforesaid, namely, a Messuage adjoining to the Church Yard, then in the Occupation of Thomas Nettleship, a Parcel of Ground called Vicarage Yard [hoc, & Per.j 26 Z adjoining

239°

48° GEORGII ITT, Cap. 12$.

adjoining to Ambry Croft on the North, another Parc* 1 of Ground in the West Br iberhill Close then in the Damnation of Nicholas Greaves, another Parcel of Ground in a Close in a certain Furlong in Spittle Field then in the Occupation of Benjamin IFilfon, (which said Lanus, in the whole, contained Two Acres and Twenty Perches, and were then together of the Yearly Value of 6ix Pounds,- and were lying di perfedand intermixed with Lar ds belonging to the said William Mellish and Charles Mellish or one of them, in aforesaid), to be held and enjoyed by the said William Mellish and Charles Mellijli and their Heirs; and that in Exchange for the fame, they, the said William Mellish and Charles Mellijl) would give and grant unto the said Matthew TomUnfon a certain Messuage and cerrain Lands and Hereditaments lying and being in Blyth aforesaid, namely, a Messuage then in the Occupation of Joseph Rogers, and a Croft adjoining to the said Messuage, lying between the Lands then of William Rawood South, and Nicholas Greaves North, One Parcel of Ground in the Sp ttle Field in the Long-breeks Furlong, and adjoining to the Lands then of William Fullard on the North, and the said William Mellish on the South, belonging to them the said William Mellish and Charles Mellish, or one of them, containing in the Whole Two Acres and One Rood, and then together of the Yearly Value of Eight Pounds, to be held and enjoyed by the said Matthew TomUnfon and his Successors, Vicars of Blyth aforesaid, for ever; and also reciting, that the said Lord Archbishop of York, upon ihe Petition of the said William Mellish and Charles Mellish and the said Matthew TomUnfon, for his Confirmation of such Exchange, did cause a Commrflion und r his Archiepif-copal Seal, toifiue for enquiring into the Value of the said Messuage, and all 1 he Lands and Hereditaments so agreed to be exchanged; and that the Commissioners therein named had certified the same to be of the respective Yearly Rents, and to contain the several and respective Quantiti s as are therein-before respectively mentioned, and that, in their Judgements, the said Vicar and Vicarage of Blyth would receive considerabletAdvantage by such Exchange; it is witness'ed, that the said William Mefli/fj and Charles Mellish in pursuance of the said Agreement, and in Consideration of the Exchange so to be made as aforesaid, did covenant with the said Matthew TomUnfon and his Siaccessors, Vicars of Blyth aforesaid, that the said Mef-i'uage with the Appurtenances, and all and every the Lands and Hereditaments therein-before mentioned, as being the Property of the said William Mellish or Charles Mellish, or one of them, and containing- together Two Acres an-d One Rood, should, at all Times thereafter, be and remain to the Use of the said Matthew TomUnfon and his Successors. Vicars of Blyth aforesaid, and be peaceably and quietly held and enjoyed by them accordingly, in lieu of and in Exchange for the said Glebe Lands and Hereditaments therein-before mentioned, containing together Two Acres and Twenty Perches, freed and discharged from and against all Incumbrances whatsoever j and the said Matthew TomUnfon in pursuance of the said Agreement, and in Consideration of the Exchange above mentioned, did thereby wit h the Consent of the said Master and Fellows of Trinity College, and the said Archbishop (testified as therein mentioned; covenant with the said William Mellifi and Charles Mellish, their Htirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, that the said Messuage with the Appurtenan;es, and all and every the Pieces or Parcels of Glebe Land and Hereditaments therein-before first: mentioned, and which Lands contain together Two Acres and 'i wenty Perches, should, at all Times thereafter be and remain to the Use of the said William Mellish and Charles Melljh, and 6 their

2 39*

48° GEORGII in Cap. 12$.

thwT Heirs and Affirm, and be peaceably and quieriy .-held and enjoyed by the said William Meihjh and Charles Mellish', their Heirs an I Assigns, in iieu of and in Exchange for the said Messuage, Lands, and Hereditaments therein above recited, as being the Property of the said William Mellish and Charles Mellish, or one of them, freed and discharged of, from, and against all Incumbrances whatsoever: And whereas the said William Meltijl) died in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety- , one: And whereas the said Charles Mellish duly made and published his Wej.

last Will and Testament, in Writing, bearing Date the Sixteenth Day of hih.wated September One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, and executed and 6«pt-1794, attested as by Law is required for passing RealEstates, and thereby gave and devised the Freehold Manor of Hodfockm the said County of Nottingham, and all his Freehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenement-, Woods, Underwoods, Tithes, and Hereditaments in the Counties of Nottingham and York, of which he was seised in Fee Sin-pie, to William Gooch Esquire and Joseph Marris Gentleman, and their Heirs, to the Use of the Testator’s Wife ’Judith Mellish and Stanhope Harzey and Saint Andrew Warde Esquires, for the Term of Eleven hundred Years born his the Tef-tator’s Death, upon certain Trusts therein-after declared, and subject thereto; to the Use of the said William Gooch and Joseph Marris and their Heirs, for the Life of the said Judith Mellish, if she should so long continue a Widow, in Trust for the said Judith Mellish and her Alligns j Remainder, to the Use of the said Text ..for’s- Son Henry Francis Mellish and his Assigns, for his Life; Remainder to the Use of the said William Gooch and Joseph Marris and their Heirs, during the Life of the said H.nry Francis Mellish, upon Trust to preserve the Contingent Uses therein-after limited; Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the Body of the said Henry Francis Me'lish successively, in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over; and the Ultimate Remainder or Reversion to the (Jfe of the right Heirs of the Testator, for ever: And after reciting, that he had conveyed or executed Deeds, purporting to be Conveyances of several Parts of the aforesaid Eflares, whereof his said Son Henry Francis was Tenant in Tail Male, in Remainder to several Persons in Fee Simple in Exchange for other Freehold Lands or Tenements which had been conveyed to him in Fee Simple; all which Exchanges were for the Benefit and Advantage of his Family; and he had entered into Bonds for guaranteeing the Title of the Premises so conveyed by him in Exchange, and that it might happen that he might thereafter convey, or attempt to convey other Parts of the said Estates settled on his said Son Henry Francis in Remainder; in like Manner, he, the said Testator did therefore desire, that his said Son Henry Francis would, upon his attaining the Age of Twenty-one Years, do all Acts in Law that should be necessary for completing and confirming the said several Exchanges so made and thereafter to be made by him the said Testator, as aforesaid; and he, the said Testator, gave and devised all and singular the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which had been so conveyed to him in Fee Simple, in Exchange as aforesaid, to such and the same Uses, and upon, under, and subject to such and the fame Trusts, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations, as he had therein-before limited, expressed, and declared, of and concerning his aforesaid Manor of Hodfock; and he gave and devised all the Rest and Rdidue of his Real and Personal Estates of every Nature and Kind, not the ein-before disposed of, unto his Executors and their Heirs,

Ex cutors, and Administrators, in Trust to fell, and to appy the Monies

thence

*392

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 125.

thence arising in Manner therein mentioned; and the said Testator appointed his said Wife Judith Mellish and the said Stanhope Harvey and George Cooke (now George Cooke Tar borough) Executors of his said Will: And whereas the said Ttftator duly made and published a Codicil to his said Will, which Codicil bears Date the Twenty-fourth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety six, and thereby charged several Legacies and Annuities on the Premises comprized in the said Term of Eleven hundred Years, and thereby authorized his said Wife to charge the Premises comprized in the said Term in Manner therein mentioned, and thereby appointed his Brother kVilliam Mellish Trustee of the said Term of Eleven hundred Years, and to be one of his Executors, in the Place and Stead of the said Stanhope Harvey; and he gave to his said Brother William Mellish, and to his said Wife Judith Mellish, and the said Saint Andrew Warde, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the Premises comprised in the said Term of Eleven hundred Years, upon such Trusts as were in and by the said Will and Codicil declared of the fame; and he thereby gave to his said Wist Judith Mellish, and the said George Cooke Yarborough, and his said Brother William Mellish, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all such Real and Personal Estate as was by his said Will given to the said Stanhope Harvey, and his said Wife Judith Mellish, and the said George Cooke Tar borough, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, upon the Trusts therein mentioned, to hold the fame unto his said Wife, and the said George Cooke Yarborough, and his said Brother William Mellish, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, upon the fame Trusts, and to and for thefameEnds, Intents, and Purposes, as he had by his said Will and Codicil declared respecting the fame Real and Personal Estate: And whereas the Estate Tail, of which the said Henry Francis MelliJJ) is in the said Will of the said Charles Mellish, said to be seized in Remainder, expedant on the Decease of him the said Charles Mellish, was created by the Will of Edward Mellish Esquire, the Great Uncle of the said Henry Francis MelliJbearing Date the Sixth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and fifty-five: And whereas the said Testator Charles MelliJJ) died on or about the Thirtieth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, without having revoked or altered his said Will, in the Respects herein-before mentioned, otherwise than by his laid Codicil, leaving his said Son Henry Francis Mellish, then a Minor, under the Age of Twenty-one Years, him surviving: And whereas the said Judith Mellish, George Cooke Yarborough, and William Mellish, duly proved the said Will and Codicil in the Prerogative Court of the Arch-bishop of Canterbury: And whereas the said Henry Francis MelliJ).)

attained the Age of Twenty-one Years some Time in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three: And whereas, by Articles of Agreement, i-rtwe^H.F. bearing Date the Nineteenth Day of April One thousand eight*"hundred o!» wi 3nC* ^1Ve> anC* mat*e between fe'd Henry Francis Mellish of the First i'er’^Jawd Part; and the said William Mellish the Brother of the said Charles Mellish, Apnl 19, 1805. of the Second Part; and JoJhuaWalker Esquire of the Third Part; after reciting that the said Henry brands Mellish was seized in Fee of and in the Manors, Messuages, Tenements, Cottages, Mill, Lands, and Hereditaments therein-after described, save as to certain Parts thereof, containing by Estimation Seventy-two Acres, were the fame more or less, and also as to Four Messuages or Tenements, with their Appurtenances, devis. d by the Will of his late Father, the said Charles MelliJJ), to Judith Mellish,

for

48° GEORGII III., Cap. 125.

for Life; Remainder to the said Henry Francis MelliJJj for Life, with Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male, with Re-maimlers over; and with the Ultimate Remainder to the said Henry Fninch. Mellish in Fee, subject to the several Payments and Outgoings thereinafter mentioned, had agreed with the said Joshua Walker to sell the same to him (including the said excepted F, Rates) for the Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds; it is witnessed, that the said Henry Francis Mellish, in Consideration of the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds, paid at his Request to the said William Mellish the Brother, by the said Joshua Walker, and of the further Sums of Seventy-seven thousand Pounds, and Light thousand Pounds, making together the Sum of EigHty-five thousand Pounds, to be paid by the said Joshua Walker in Manner therein-after mentioned, did covenant with the said Joshua Walker, his Heirs and Assigns, that he, the said Henry Francis Mellish, his Heirs or Assigns, would convey and alfure the Manors, Capital Messuage or Mansion House, Messuages, Cottages, Tenements, Mill, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, therein mentioned or referred to, situate in the Parishes of Blyth and Harworth, or one of them, in the said County of Nottingham, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, to the Use of the said Joshua Walker, his Heirs and Assigns, or as he or they should appoint, fiee from all Incumb;ances, except certain annual Payments therein mentioned; and also, that he, the said Henry Francis Mellish, would use his utmost Endeavours to obtain an Act of Parliament, by virtue whereof he might be enabled to convey, or procure to be conveyed, the Fee Simple and Inheritance of and in the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, being the said Seventy-two Acres, devised as aforesaid by the said Charles Mellish unto and to thty'

Use of him the said Joshua Walker, his Heirs and Assigns, or to such other Person or Persons as he or they should appoint, and would, at his or their own Colls and Charges, convey or procure to be conveyed the fame accordingly, on or before the First Day of Augujf One thousand eight hundred and eight: And whereas by an Act of Parliament passed in the Forty-Axth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act 4$g for effecting the Sale of certain Real Estates and of certain Leasehold Tithes» late ^Charles Mellish Esquire,deceased, and for applying the Purchase Monies in Discharge of Incumbrances, and for laying out the Surplus under the Directim of the High Court of Chancery, in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the former Uses, it was (amongst other Things) enabled, that the said Manor of Hodfock, and all and Angular the Freehold Manors, Messuages, Lands, Farms, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, particularly described in the Schedule to the said Act, situate, lying, and being in the said County of Nottingham (being the Manors and other Hereditaments, including the said Estates so taken in Exchange as aforesaid) devised or intended to be devised by the said Will of the said Charles Mellish deceased. as therein and herein-before is recited, with their Appurtenances, should, after the passing of that Act, be, and the fame were thereby vested in the said William Mellish the Brother, and Thomas Mellish Esquire, their Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of them the said William Mellish the Brother, and Thomas Mellish, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, freed and absolutely acquitted, exonerated, and discharged of, from, and again!! all and Angular the Uses, Estates, Intails, Remainders, Limitations, Trusts, Powers, Provisoes, Agreements, and Declarations in and by the said Will and Codicil of the said Charles Mellish, and certain Indentures in the said Act! of Parliament mentioned and recited, limited, expressed, or declared,

[hoc. Per.] 37 A of

2394-

48' GEORGII III. Cap. 125.

of or concerning the same; but nevertheless upon Trust, that they the said William Mellt/h the Brother, and Thomas Mellish, and the Survivor of them, and the Heirs and Assigns of such Survivor, should with all convenient Speed after the passing of that Act, r.bfo'utely sell and dispose of the fame, and upon Payment in Manner therein-after mentioned of the Purchase Money, for which the said Manors and other Hereditaments, or any of'hem or any Part thereof, should be so Hid into the Bank of England in Manner thereinafter directed, should convey and assure the fame Manors and other Hereditaments, or such Parts thereof as should befo fold, unto^nd to the Ufecf the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, his, her, or their Indenture of Heirs and Assigns, or as he or they should direct or appoint: And‘whereas J»fe*djt!dk" Ventures of Lease and Release bearing Date respectively the T\vemy-27th’.-tnd 18th seventh and Twenty-eighth Days of May One thousand eight hundred and May 1807, seven, and made between the said William Mellish the Brother, and Thomas Mellish of the First Part; she said Henry Francis Mel/ish of the Second Part; the said JoJbttci Walker of the Third Par t; and Thomas Maltby Esquire, of the Fourth Part; after various Recitals, whereby, amongst other Things, it appeared, that such of the Hereditaments by the said Articles of Agreement of the Nineteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five, covenanted or agreed to be sold and conveyed to the said Joshua Walker, as were not included in rite Hereditaments excep-red in the said Articles, had been conveyed unto and for the Benefit of the said Jojhiia Walker, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, and that the Sum of Eighty-five thousand Pounds, the Remainder of the Purchase Money agreed to be given by the said Joshua Walker for the Purchase of all the Hereditaments by the said Articles of Agreement covenanted or agreed to be conveyed to him, including the said excepted Hereditaments, being the Lauds mentioned in the said Articles of Agreement of the Nineteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five, and containing by Estima-tion Seventy-two Acres,'were the fame morse or less, had been paid or otherwise satisfiedby the said Joshua Walker; and after reciting, amongst other Things, that for the Purpose of enabling him to discharge his Covenant in that Behalf contained in the said Articles of Agreeement of the Nineteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five, the said Henry Francis Mellish had con traded with the said William Mellish the Brother, and Thomas Mellish, for the absolute Purchase of the Pee Simple and Inheritance of the Messuages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereinafter released, (being the said Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments devised by the Will of the said Charles Mellish as aforesaid, and respectively comprized in the said Articles of Agreement of the Nineteenth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and five, and Schedule to the said Act of Parliament, and amounting to Sixty-nine Acres and Seven Perches, as appears by the said Schedule under the Head of Lands and Hereditaments lying intermixed with the Blyth Estate) with their Appurtenances, for the Sum of Three thousand six hundred and thirty-four Pounds, and that it had been agreed between the said Henry Francis Mellish and Joshua Walker, that the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, should be conveyed uuto and for the Benefit of the said Joshua Walker in Manner thereinafter contained; it is wimdfed that in pursuance of the said Contraft on the Part of the said William Mellijl) and Thomas Mellish, and in pursuance of the Trusts reposed in them by the said Act of Parliament, and in Consideration of the Sum of Three thousand six hundred and thirty-four Pounds

by

*395

48® GEORGGII III. Cap. 125.

Ixy-she (dldHeury Francis Mellish paid into the Bank of England*, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and of Ten Shillings to each of than the ft id William Mel’ lish the Brother, and Thomas MelljJj, pa.‘d by the said Jj'hua leather, the said William Metlijl) the Brother, and Thomas Mellish, at the Request and by iheDiredior. anbApp intri'.cuf of the said Henry Francis Mellish (teilified therein mentioned) and also at the Requell and by the Direction of the said Jqfloua I Talker (tedified in like Manner) and according to the respective Estates, Rights, and intereiL of them the said William Mellish the Brother, and Thomas Mellish, in and to the Me Ad ages, Lands, Tene-UientSj and Hereditaments therein-after released, did bargain, fell, and release, and the Lid Henry Francis Mellish for the Considerations aforesaid, and all'o in Consideration of Ten Shillings to him paid by the said joshua Walker, did grant, release, ratify, and confirm unto the said Joshua Walker aid his Heirs, such of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments devised by the said Will of the said Charles Mellish, as were by the said Articles of Agreement of the Nineteenth Day of /Ipril One thousand tight hundred and five, covenanted or agreed to be sold and conveyed to the said J<mua Walker, with their Appurtenances (amongst which said Mefliuges, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments are the Scite of the Melftiage, the said Messuage having been pulled down as aforesaid, and the other Lands and Hereditaments granted and given, or agreed to be granted and given in Exchange by the said Matthew Tomlinson to the said William MellJJj the Father of the said Charles Mellish, and the said Charles Mellish their Heirs and Assigns, by the said Indenture of the Thirtieth Day of October One thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, as hcreia-before is mentioned) to hold the fimie (subject to the Land Tax thenceforth to become payable in respect thereof, unco the said Joshua Walker, his Heirs and Assigns for ever; nevertheless to the Life of such Person or Perform for such Estate or Estates, Interest or Interests, and to and for such Ends, Intents, and Purposes, snd under and subject to such Provisoes, Declarat.ons, and Agreements, and in such Manner and Form as he the said Joshua Walker by any Deed or Deeds, Inltrumentor Instruments in Writing, with or without Power of Revocation and new Appointment, to be sealed and delivered by him in the ITefence of and attelled by Two or more credible Witnesses, should from Time to Time, or at any Time, direct, limit, or appoint, and in Default of, and until such Direction, Limitation, or Appointment, or in case sny such dliould be made then subject thereto, to the Use of the said Joshua ]Walker and his Assigns, during his Life, without Impeachment of Waite, Remainder to the Use of the said Thornes Maltby and his Heirs, during the Life of the Hid joshua Walker, in Trull for the said Joshua Walker and his Assigns, Remainder to the Use of the said Jojloua Walker, his Heirs and Assigns for ever: And whereas by an Indenture bearing Date indenture, the fame Twenty-eighth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and *MMay Seven, and made between the said William Melhjlo the Brother, and Tho- l*°7‘ mas Maltby, of the First Part; the said Henry Francis Mellish of the Second Part; and the said Joshua Walker of the Third Part; the said Henry Francis Mellish entered into a Covenant with the said JojJoua Walker to use his utmost Endeavours to obtain an Act of Parliament for the Confirmation of the said Exchange with the Vicar of Blyth, and for settling and alluring the Premises, so conveyed or given in Exchange by the said "Vicar of Blyth as aforesaid, to the Use and for the Benefit of the said

Joshua

2396 48 GEORGII III. Cap. 125.

Joshua Walker, his Heirs, Appointees, and Assigns, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Indentures of Lease and Release of the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Days of May last: And whereas the most Reverend Father in God Edward now Lord Archbishop of Tofk, the said Henry Francis Mellish, Joshua Walker, the Reverend Robert Pritchard Master of Arts, the present Vicar of Blyth aforesaid, and the present Mailer, Fellows, and Scholars of Trinity College in Cambridge, the Patron of the said Vicarage, are satisfied with the said Exchange made between the said William Mejltjh the Father, and Charles Melljh, and the said Matthew Tomlinson formerly Vicar of Blyth aforesaid, by the said Indenture of the Thirtieth Day of October One thousand Even hundred and sixty-two, as herein-before is mentioned, and areddirous that it should be legally established and confirmed, but the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and and loyal Subjects the said Edward Lord Archbishop' of York, Henry Francis MeWJh, Joshua Walker, Robert Pritchard, and the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars of Trinity College, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assem-wnfinnfd bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Indenture of the Thirtieth Day of October One thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, and all and every the Covenants, Agreements, Clauses, Matters, and Things therein and thereby entered into, agreed upon, and contained, shall be, and the same are hereby ratified and confirmed.

The Glebe

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the Scite to3ntvL Ufo* l^e Messuage and the other Lands and Hereditaments so granted and declared by given, or agreed to be granted and given in Exchange by the said Matthew the 1 d-nture* Tomlinson to the said William Mellish the Father, and Charles Mellish their a8'h7 Mayd Heirs and Assigns, by the said Indenture of the Thirtieth Day of October 1807^ One thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, as herein-before is mentioned and recited (being the Lands and Hereditaments mentioned in the First Schedule to this Act annexed) and all Commons, Trees, Woods, Urider-wooas, Ways, Waters, Watercourses, Liberties, Privileges, Easements, Profits, Commodities, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Scite, Lands, and Hereditaments so granted and given, or agreed to be granted and given in Exchange by the said Matthew Tomlinson to the said William Mellish the Father, and Charles Mellish, their Heirs and Assigns as aforesaid, belonging or in anywise appertaining, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders yearly, and other Rents, llfues, and Profits of all and singular the fame Scice, Lands, and Hereditaments, shall from and after the passing of this Act, be settled, limited, and allured, and shall go and remain to the Uses, upon and for the Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements to which the fame were conveyed and allured, or expressed or intended to be conveyed and allured by the said herein-before recited Indentures of Lease and Release of the Twenty-seventh and Twenty-eighth Days of May One thousand eight hundred and l'even, or such and so many of the same Uses, Tiufls, Intents Purposes, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements as shall be subsisting, undetermined, and capable of iakingEffeft, subject to the Tythes out of, or payable for or in respect of the said Hereditaments and Premile>.

6 III. And

48° GEORGII III. Cap. j 2 £,

2397

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thai the Certain Pre-Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments i'o granted and given, or agreed "u-vSrofm to be granted and given in Exchange by the said William Mellish the Blyth* Father, and Charles Mellish> to the said Matthew Tomlirfon and hi s Successors, Vicars of Blyth aforesaid, by the said Indenture of the Thirtieth Day of October One thousand seven hundred and sixty-uvo, as hereinbefore is mentioned and recited (being the Messuage, Lands, and Hereditaments mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed) and all Houses, Outhouses, Edifices, Buildings, Barns, Stables, Yards, Gardens,

Commons, Trees, Woods, Underwoods, Ways, Waters, Watercourses,

Liberties, Privileges, Easements, Profits, Commodities, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Messuage, Lands, and Hereditaments so granted and given, or agreed to be granted and given, in Exchange by the said William Mellish the Father, and Charles Mellish, to the said Matthew Fomfhifon and his Successors, Vicars of Blyth aforesaid, belonging or in anywise appertaining, and the Reversion and Reversions*

Remainder and Remainders, yearly, and other Rents, Blues, and Profits of all and singular the fame Messuage, Lands, and Hereditaments, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be settled upon and verted in the said Robert Pritchard and his Successors, Vicars of Blyth for the Time being.

IV. Saving always to the King's most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Saving Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic

and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the said Henry Francis Mellish, and the Heirs Male of his Body, and all Persons entitled, or to become entitled under the Will of the said Edward Mellish, to the Hereditaments thereby devised, and other than and except the said Robert Pritchard and his Successors, Vicars of Blyth for the Time being, and the said Master, Fellows, and Scholars of Trinity College aforesaid, and their Successors and Assigns,

Patron of the Vicarage of Blyth for the Time being) all such Ellate,

R-ight. Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the Premises respectively, so to be settled, limited, allured, and verted by this Act, as they, every, or any of them had or were entitled to before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, and enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the 1'vi;,ence-Printer to the King's most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

[Lie. U Per.2

27 B— C

THE

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 125.

THE FIRST SCHEDULE, Referred to by the foregoing Ad.

Estimated Quantity. Quantity. Yearly Value.

The Scite of a Messuage, formerly adjoining to the Church Yard, in A. R. P.

Blyih aforesaid, in the Occupation of 1 homasNettleftiip, but now in the Occupation of the said Joshua Walker - - - O 0 12 O co O

A Piece or Parcel of Landor Ground, in Blyth aforesaid, formerly called Vicarage Yard, now Part of a Field called the Ambry Croft, in the Occupation of Charles Champion - - O 2 24 I 2 9

Another Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground in a Ciofe formerly called the West Briber Hill Ciofe, in Blyth aforesaid, in the Occupation of Nicholas Greaves, but now Fart of a Field called Briber Hill Fields in the Occupation of the said Charles Champion 0 2 23 I 2 7

Another Piece or Farcel of Land or Ground, in a Ciofe in a certain Furlong in Spittle Field, in Blyth aforesaid, formerly in the Occupation of Benjamin Wilson, but now Part of a Field or Ciofe called Cun dale Field, in the Occupation of Thomas Greaves 0 3 13 1 5 0

2 0 33 - 3 13 4

John Horncastle.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 125.

THE SECOND SCHEDULE, Referred to by the foregoing Adh

Quantity. Yearly Value.

A Messuage or Tenement in Blyrh aforesaid, with the Barn, Stable, Coach House, and A. R. P.

other Buildings, Yard, Gardens, and Croft thereunto adjoining and belonging, formerly in the Occupation of Joseph Rogers and now of the said Robert Pritchard, Vicar of Blyth aforesaid 1 1 2* 16 O 0

A Piece or Parcel of LrikI or Ground in a Field, formerly called the Spittle Field, in the Long Breeks Furlong, but now called the T ong Breeks, in the Occupation of John Parkin 1 0 5 i 8 10

2 I 29 17 8 10

i John Horneastle.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORG! I III. REGIS.

*4HM

Cap. 126.

An Act to enable fohn Holton Vere, Devi fee for his own Life in Possession of certain Freehold and Copyhold Estates, situate at or near Kilburn, in the Pariftvof Hampfead, in the County of Middlesex, under and by virtue of the Will and Codicil of Holton Vere, late of Habit Martin s Lane, in the said County of Middlesex, Gentleman, deceased, to grant Building Leases of the fame Estates for any Term not exceeding the Term of Ninety-nine Years.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS Holton Vere, in and by his lad Will and Testa-menc in Writing, bearing Date on or about the Thirty-first Day of January, which v/as in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, duly executed and atteded in such Manner as by Law is required for the devising and passing of Freehold Estates of Inheritance, after giving and devising unto his Brother Samuel Vere One clear Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge of Fifty Pounds ro be issuing and payable out of his Freehold Estate situate at Kilburn, in which he Cthe said Testator) had for some Years past resided, known by the Name of Kilburn Wells, and the Lands thereto belonging, and also out of his Copyhold Estate thereto adjoining, held of the Manor of Hampstead, in the County of Middlesex, which Copyhold Land he had iurrendered 10 the Ui'e of his Will, payable Half-yearly, with the usual [Loc. & PerJ\ 2.7 D Ciaule

Will of Hol-

tonVere,dated 31st January 1799, recited.

2<j-06

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 126.

'Clause of Distress and Entry for Recovery of the fame Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge (in case the fame should be in arrear) the said Testator gave and devised all and fingufar the said Freehold and Copyhold Premises (but (.harmed and chargeable as aforesaid) unto his Nephew the said John Holton Vere, Son of the said Samuel Verey for and during the Term of his natural I/fe \ and from and immediately after the Determination of that Estate by forfeiture or otherwise, he gave and deviled the fame unto certain'Tuftees therein named, in Trull only, to preserv and support the contingent Remainders and Uses therein-after limited from being defeated, nevertheless to permit and fuller his said Nephew, the said John Holton Here, to receive and take the Rents, Blues, and Profits thereof for and during t\e Term of his natural Life, and from and after the Decease.of his said Nephew, the said John Holton Vere, to the Use of the first and every other Son of his Body, severally and successively. according to their respective Seniorities, in Tail Male; and for want of such Ilfue, to the Use of the first Daughter of the said John Holton Vere, lawfully begotten or to be begotten, and to the Heirs of the Body of such Daughter lawfully issuing , and for Default of such Ilfue, then to the Use and Behoof of the Second, Third, and all and every other Daughter and Daughters of the said John Holton Vere, lawfully begotten or to be begotten, severally and successively, as they shall be in Seniority of Age and Priority of Birth, and for Defaulc of such Ilfue, to the right ! leirs Codicil there- of the said Testator: And whereas the said Holton Vere, by a Codicil to january^iSool his kid recited Will, bearing Date on or about H e Twenty-seventh Day of January, which was in the Year of our Lo d One thousand eUht bundled, did revoke the Gram of the said Annuity of Fitry Pounds so given to the said S'amuelVere his Brother, as aforesaid, and also the De-vise of his said Freehold Estate, and did by his said Codicil now in recital give, devise, and bequeath his said Freehold Estate, situate at Kilburn and Kilburn Wells, unto his Executory John Mi dale ton, of ' a inti Martin's Lane* and Henry PVa> dell, of Old Gravel Lane, their Heirs and Alf.gns, forever, in Trull, in the first Place, to raise thereon, by Mortgage or otherwise, such Sum and Sums of Money as might be necessary completely to make up any Deficiency which might happen to be in the Produce of the other Parts of his Estate, it being his Will that after Payment of all his Debts,. Funeral Expenses, and the Expence of proving his Will, and all other necelLry Charges, that all the Legacies mentioned in his Will be duly paid and satisfied (except such as might become lapsed) with Interest from the Time they should be paid, and with the Payment of such Legacies he did make all his Estate chargeable and fub-je£l to such Mortgage to be made for railing such Sum of Money as aforesaid, he did by his said Codicil again make and continue his said Estate charged and chargeable with the Payment of he Lid Annuity of Fifty Pounds to his said Brother Samuel Vere. and subject thereto and charged and chargeable as aforesaid, in Trust for his said Nephew John Holton Vere, and for such other Estate and Dilates, Intents and Purposes, as in his said recited Will is expressed and declared, and making the said Estate chargeable as aforesaid, for the Defaults aforesaid; and revoking the residuary Clause in his said Will, he did in all other Respeifts confirm his said recited Will: And whereas the said Holton Vere shortly after the Date and Execution of the said recited Codicil departed this Life, without altering or revoking his said Will otherwise than as appears by such Codicil; and the said Will and Codicil were duly proved by the Execu-*9 lots

2407

48a GEORGII III. Cap. 126.

tors therein named in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury: And whereas all the Debts owing by the said Testator Holton Vere at the Time of his Death, and all the Legacies and Bequests given and bequeathed by him in and by his said recited Will and Codicil, have been fully paid and discharged by the said Executors out of his Personal Estate which came to their Hands by virtue of the said Will and Codicil:

And whereas, in consequence of the Personal Estate of the said Holton Vere being adequate to the Payment of such Debts and Legacies as aforesaid, it became unnecessary for the said John Middleton and Henry Warded to resort to or exercise the said Powers or Authorities to them given and reserved by the said recited Codicil, and which have therefore never been-resorted to or exercised: And whereas the said John Holton Vere intermarried with Lydia Nudds on or about the Third Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and hath Issue Five Children, videlicet, three Sons, namely, John Hoiton, Henry, and Samuel Henry, and Two Daughters, namely, Lydia Alexandre, and an Infant, not yet christened, born the Twelfth Day of April lait, and no other Child, and all the said Children are under the Age of Twenty-one Years: And whereas, from the great Increafeof Buildings at and in the Neighbourhood of Kilburn aforesaid, and from the Situation of the said Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments and Premises'in which the said John Holton Vere is Tenant for Life, under and by virtue of the said recited Will and Codicil as aforesaid, being well adapted for Building Ground, the said Freehold and Copyhold Hereditaments and Premises confiding of Five Acres Three Roods and Thirty-eight Perches, would, if let on Building Leases, become of considerably greater annua! Value than the same are at present, by which Means, as well the said John Holton Vere, the Tenant for Life, as the several Persons ro whom the fame Freehold and Copyhold Hereditament and Premises are limited in Remainder after his Decease would be much benefited: But irrasmuch as the said John Holton Vere cannot grant Leases for any longer Term than his own Life, such Grant is not sufficient to encourage Builders and others to lay out Money in erecting Buildings thereon; wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subject, the said John Holton Vere, for himself and his infant Children, doth most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the A ivice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said John Tenant fjr Hoiton Vere, during his Life, and after his Deceale, to and for the Person hin"DJceafcCr or Persons who for the Time being would, under the Devises contained Perfom «nti-in the said Will or Codicil of the said Holton Vere, be for the Time being LwSofoJ* actual y entitled to the Messuages and other Hereditaments thereby de- Yea-sfcr viied. if such Person or Persons shall be or full Age; but if such Person or Biuld Persons shall be under Age, then to and for his, her or their Guardian or Guardians respectively during his, her or their Minority or respective Minorities, by indenture or Indentures to be by them respectively sealed and delivered in the Pres nee of, and attested by Two or more credible Wit-nelles, to grant, appoint, or demise all or any Part or Parts of the Freehold and Copyhold Pieces or Parcels of Land, Hereditaments, and other the Premises comprised in and demised by the said Will and Codicil of the said Holton Vere as hcein-before is mentioned, and in the Schedule to this Att annexed more particularly described, to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to build upon the said Hereditaments, or any Part of

5408 41T GEORGII III. Gap. 126.

the Tame, and who shall covenant or agree so to do, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, commencing from the Day next before the Day of the Date of such Lease or Leases, or calculated from some Day then pad, and either with or without any Quantity of Land, which shall be thought convenient to be holden with the fame respectively as a Garden, Paddock, or Area, or for Vaults, Out-houses, Stables, or Buildings, or for any other Purpose of Convenience /o the Occupiers of the Laid Houses respectively, but so that every such Lease shall be granted on the Terms, and subject to the Restrictions, Conditions, Provisoes, Rems, Reservations, and Covenants herein-after mei tioned; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the {'aid John Holton Vers, during his Life, and after his Decease to and for the Person or Persons so for the Time being actually entitled as herein-before is mentioned, if such Person or Persons shall be of full Age j but if such Person or Persons shall be under Age, then to and for his, her, cr their Guardian or Guardians respectively during his,her, or their Minority or respective Minorities, by Indenture or Indentures so to be by him sealed and delivered, and to be at-telled as herein-before is mentioned, to grant and give Licence to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to build upon the said Land and Premises, or any Part thereof, in Manner by the Lease or respective Leases to be granted thereof to bespecified, to take down all or any Part or Parts of the Buildings {landing upon the Premises in any such Lease or Leases to be respectively comprised, and to convert and dispose of the Materials thereof to such Uses and Purposes as shall be therein mentioned and agreed upon; and also that it may and shall be lawful for the said John Holton Vere during his Life, and after his Decease for the several other Person or Persons herein-before mentioned, to lay out and appropriate, or cause to be laid out and appropriated for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, to commence and be computed as herein-before is mentioned, any Part of the Premises as or for a Square or Squares, Street or Streets, or Way or Ways, or Path or Paths, for the general Benefit of the Persons occupying the Hous s so to be built upon as aforesaid, or being in the Neighbourhood of the fame; and for securing the Use and Benefit of the said Squares, Streets, Ways, or Paths, to grant and appoint and demise the Land appropriated for that Purpose, to any Person or Persons, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Ninety-nine Years, to commence and be computed as herein-before is mentioned.

Custom of the

II. And whereas by the Custom of the Manor of Hampjliad, in the lum°rtead County of Middlesex (of which Manor such Parts of the said Estates as recited.W are Copyhold are holden}, no Demise can be made of the said Hereditaments and Premises, for any greater or larger Term than Twenty-one Years, and in regard that Part of the said Copyhold Lands lie in front of the Freehold, and next to the high Road there, so that it now is in some Cafes nectflary, and it may become necessary in other Cales to demise and lease Parts of the said Copyhold Premises, as w-ell in separate Power to de- Lot's as together, with Part of the Freehold Estate aforesaid; be it further )"oWsforCai,y" enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for Years, and to the said John Holton Vere during h.s Life, and after hrs Decease to and for rcnew^omake 1^ie Person or Persons so for the Time being entitled as herein-before is ».p 99 Years, mentioned, if such Person or Persons shall be of full Age, but if such ^nt'witMhc Person or Persons ^all be under Age, then to and for his, her, or their Freehold, " Guardian

24c9

4.8" GEORGII III. Cap. 126.

Guardian or Guardians during their respective Minorities (in any Case where they respectively shall deem it necessary or expedient) to dernife and grant the fame for the Term of Twenty-one Years (having obtained Licence from the Lord or Lady of the said Manor, according to the Custom of the said Manor) and in such Grant or Dernife to covenant and agree with the Lessee, at the Costs ol such Lessee, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns (except as to licence to dernife), to renew the fame at the Expiration of the said Term of Twenty-one Years so to be granted for a further Term of Twenty-one Years, or such further Term less than Twenty-one Years as shall be agreed upon, and for so many successive Terms of Twenty-one Years, or other Number of Years, as according to the Custom of the said Manor may be granted, and not exceeding in the Whole the Term of Ninety-nine Years, to be computed from the Day next before the Day of the Date of the Lease then proposed to be granted, or from some previous Day; and that all and every such Covenants and Agreements so entered into and granted shall be binding and obligatory upon the Person and Persons who for the Time being shall successively be or become entitled in Possession to the said Lands or Tenements comprised in such Lease or Dernife, under or by virtue of the said recited Wi l and Codicil of the said Holton Vere, and upon the Lands and Tenements tefpectively.

III. Provided always, That there shall be reserved in and by all such Rcfoierionan Leases respectively to be granted as aforesaid, the befl improved yearly ,'c"lu Rent that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame, and that all such the j-eaiest Leases shall be granted without any Fine, Premium, or Foregift, or any

Thing in the Nature of a Fine being taken for the granting thereof, and so as there be contained in every such Lease Covenants from the respective Lessees for the Payment of the Rent by such Leases respectively reserved, and to build and keep in Repair the several Messuages, Erections, and Buildings which may be agreed to be erected and built on the Premises, and to keep such several Messuages, Erections, and Buildings in such Leases respectively comprised, insured from Loss or Damage by Fire to the Amount of Three-fourths of the Value thereof, in some of the Public Offices for insuring against Damage by Fire within the Cities of London or Westminster, and to surrender and leave in Repair the Messuages, Erections, and Buildings to be erected and built, or rebuilt and repaired upon the Premises thereby respectively to be leased at the End of the Terms of such Leases respectively granted; and in case any Part of the Premises shall be Copyhold, a Covenant for Payment by such Lessee of all such Fines which during his or her Term shall become due and payable to the Lord or Lady of the said Manor for the Time being, by reason of the Admission of any Tenant to the fame on Occaftpn of the Death of a Tenant, beyond the Sum paid by the said John&iSI/on Vere on his Admission thereto, and so as there be also contained irCevery such Lease Provisoes, or Conditions of Re-entry for Non-payment of the Rent to be thereby respectively reserved, or Non-performance of the Covenants,

Provisoes, or Agreements on the Part of the respective Lessees, and so as the respective Lessees do severally execute Counterparts of their respective Leases.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Tenant for Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the applying for and Me to near

ILtc.UPtr. j 27 £ obtaining

Hio 48' GEORGII III. Cap. 126.

obtaining-and passing this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution, IhalEbepaid, defrayed, and discharged by the aid John Holton Vere out of his own proper Monies: '

f-eraisav. V. Saving always to the King^ most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and ing au e. SuccessorV, and to all and every other Persons and Person, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Adminiltra-t6rs,(other than and except the said John Holton Vere and his Sons now born, or hereafter to be bo»n, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, and his Daughters now born or hereafter to be born, and the Heir^ of their respective Bodies, and the Heirs and Assigns of the said Holton Vere, and the said John Middleton and Henry War dell and their Heirs, and all other Persons eptitletfdr to become entitled to Lhe said Hereditaments and Premises under the said Will and Codicil i f the said Holton Vere) all such Estates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims, and Demands wiiatioever, of, into, upon, or out of the said Lands and Premises to be leased, or demiffd as aforesaid, every or any Part or Parcel thereof, 3s they, every or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have held and enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

Act to be M,

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the King’s'1 j'rin-£ Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof ,°ami toic: so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Juf-

Evade^ce,35 tices, and others.

The

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 126.

2411

The SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

Description of Premises. Present Rent. Name of the Tenant.

Cottage, and about 1") Rood and i4Perches > of Land - - j * - 1 In the Foffeflion of Mr. Vere himfdf.

The Bell Public House, "I with Garden, and j Land let with the V Public House, in the whole 5 Acres 2 J Roods 14 Perches J £yo. Rent for the House and Garden; £30. Rent for the Land. Originally let byTeftator to Errington for Twenty-one Years, of which Six Years and a Half to come at Midsummer 1808, but now assigned to Messrs. Callardine and Lovelock, v. ho have underlet Part of the Land to William Hayes, and he has erected a small House and Sheds on that Part of it.

An additional Rent of £y is paid by the Lessees of the Publick House, in consideration of Mr. Vere having given Leave to them to underlet to William Hayes Part of the Land at £60 a-Year, in which Lease Mr. Vere has joined, and such £60 a-Year is to be payable to him after the Expiration of the Lease granted to-----Errington.

Total present Rental £ioy.

John Nezufon, Surveyor.

Thomas Francis Jennings.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 127.

An Act for enabling Sir Oswald Mojley Baronet, to grant certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Parish of Manchester in the County Palatine of Lancaster, for the Purposes of the Manchester Public Infirmary, Dispensary, Lunatic Hospital, and Asylum; and for veiling the Property and Effects belonging to the said Charity in Trustees for the Benefit thereof.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, divers Persons in Manchester, and in the Neighbourhood thereof, subscribed considerable Sums of Money for the Purpose of establishing a Public Infirmary, for the R elief of such diseased and wounded Persons as were from indigent Circumstances unable to supply themselves with medical AlTilfar.cc: And whereas by Indenture, bearing Date the Third Day of December which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, and made or mentioned to be made between Sir Oswald Mojley of Ancoats in the Parish of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Manchester aforesaid (Tmce deceased,) of t^e one Part; and George Lloyd of Hulme, in the said Parish of Manchester, Esquire, Edward Greaves and Edward Byrom, both of Manchester aforesaid, Esquires, James Majfey of Salford, in the said County of Lancaster, Esquire, Miles [Lee. & Eer-2 27 F Qowsr

Lease of the 3d December *753*

24H

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 127.

Bower of Manchester aforesaid, Gentleman, John Bradshaw of Manchester aforesaid, Esquire, Robert Booth of Salford aforesaid, Esquire, James JVilker of Ardwick, in the same County of Lancaster, Doctor in Physic, John Lees, Robert Livefey, Nathaniel Philips, and Samuel Mellor, all ot Manchester aforesaid, Merchants, of the other Part; reciting, that the said Sir Oswald Mojley was seised in his Demesne as of Fee to him and his Heirs of and in a certain Field or Close of Land in Manchester aforesaid, called The Dobe Hole Field therein-after mentioned, and intended to be thereby granted and demised; and reciting, that a Public Infirmary or Hospital, for the Relief of sick, diseased, and wounded Persons, was intended and agreed to be erected within the Town of Manchester, and maintained by the Subscriptions and Contributions of the Trustees for the said intended Hospital or Infirmary, and other charitable and well-disposed Persons; and that the said Field or Close being a very proper and convenient Situation whereupon to erect such intended Hospital or Infirmary, the said Sir Oswald Mojley, in order to encourage so laudable an Undertaking, had, upon Application being made to him by the said Trustees and Subscribers, and at their Instance and Request, agreed to grant and demise the said Field or Close called The Dobe Hole Field, whereupon the said intended Hospital or Public Infirmary and any other Buildings that should be deemed fitting for the Use and Benefit thereof, were intended to be erected, for a Term of Nine hundred and ninety-nine Years to such and so many of the Subscribers to the said Undertaking, as should by the major Part of the said Trustees at a public Meeting or weekly Board, be nominated and appointed as Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid, reserving to himself and his Heirs, during the said Term of Nine hundred and ninety-nine Years, the clear yearly Rent of Six Pounds, payable at the several Days and Times and in Manner therein-after mentioned; and also reciting that at the public Meeting or weekly Board of the said Trustees held on the Day of the Date of the said Indenture, the said George Lloyd, Edward Greaves, Edward Byrom, James Majfcy, Miles Bower, John Bradjloaw, Robert Booth, James Walker, John Lees, Robert Livefey, Nathaniel Philips,zndSamuel Mellor, had been accordingly nominated to be Trustees for taking the said Grant and Demise; it was and is witnessed, that in pursuance of the said Agreement, and in Consideration of the yearly Rent therein-after reserved, and for other good causes and Considerations, he the said Oswald Mojley did grant, demise, and lease unto the said George Lloyd, Edward Greaves, Edward Byrom, James Majfey, Miles Bower, John Bradshaw, Robert Booth, James Walker, John Lees, Robert Livefey, Nathaniel Philips, and Samuel Mellor their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all that Field, Close, or Parcel of Land, situate, lying, and being at or near the upper End of a certain Street in Manchester aforesaid, commonly called or known by the Name of Dobe Hole Field, containing by Efti-mation One Acre and Twenty-^five Perches or thereabouts, be the fame more or less, theretofore in the Tenure or Occupation of Robert Whittaker then late of Manchester aforesaid. Gentleman, deceased, his Undertenant or Undertenants; afterwards in the Possession, Tenure, or Occupation of Mary the Wife of John Ambler of Manchester, aforesaid Gentleman, theretofore the Widow of the said Robert Whittaker, and then late in the Possession, Tenure, or Occupation of the said John Ambler and Mary his Wife, their or One of their Undertenant or Undertenants; and also all and singular Ways, Paths, Gates, Waters, Watercourses, Liberties, Easements, Privileges, Profits, Commodities, Emoluments, Hereditaments and Appurtenances

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 127.

2415

tenances whatsoever, to the said thereby demised Premises or ally Part thereof belonging, or in any wise appertaining, or accepted, reputed, taken, or known as Part, Parcel, or Member thereof or appurtenant thereto in anywise, to hold the fame unto the said George Lloyd, Edward Greaves,

Edward Byrorn, James Majfey, Miles Bower, John Bradshaw, Robert

Booth, James Walker, Lees, Robert Livefey, Nathaniel Philips, and

Samuel Mellor, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from the

Day next before the Day of the Date thereof, for and during, and unto

the full End and Termination of Nine hundred and ninety-nine Years

from thence next ensuing, and fully to becompleat and ended; of Intent

nevertheless, and in Trust for the several Uses, Purposes, and Agreements

relating to the Management, well Government, and Regulation of the said intended Infirmary or Hospital, in manner of its Constitution as should be

settled and agreed upon at a General Meeting of the Trustees, and Sub-

feribers to be called for that Purpose, and afterwards to be declared in an

Indenture agreed upon and then intended to be shortly made between the said Lessees of the one Part, and several other Persons who were Subscrib-

ers to the said Charity in Behalf of themselves, and all other the then present and all future and successive Subscribers and Contributors to the said

then intended Hospital or Infirmary, of the other Part; yielding and paying

therefore yearly and every Year during the said Term, unto the said Sir Of-

wald Mojley, his Heirs| or Assigns, at or in his Mansion or Manor House

called Ancoats Hall near Manchester aforesaid, the Yearly Rent, or Sum of

Six Pounds, payable Half Yearly, as therein mentioned: And whereas iftandati

by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date repectively the 0ctoberf7*>

First and Second Days of October One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, the Release of Three Parts, and made between Sir Ash-

ton Lever and John Peploe Birch of the First Part; Sir John Parker Mojley

Baronet and Oswald Mojley Esquire of the Second Part; and Josiah Birch

cf Manchester aforesaid, Esquire, the said George Lloyd, James Majfey, and

James Walker, John Caryl Worjleyoi Platt, near Manchester aforesaid, Esquire,

John Markland of Manchester aforesaid, Esquire, George Johnson of Timper-ley, in the County of Chester, Esquire, Peter Mainwaring of Manchester aforesaid, Doctor in Phvfic, Samuel Kay of Manchester aforesaid, Doctor inPhysic,

Richard Edward Hall of the same Place, Surgeon, and Charles White of the same Place, Surgeon, of the Third Part; reciting that it had been found necessary to enlarge the said Infirmary and Lunatic Hospital, and to lay out additional Yards, Courts, Gardens, and other Conveniencies, for which Purposes the said Josiah Birch, George Lloyd, James Majfey, James Walker,

John Caryl Worsley, John Markland, George Johnson, Peter Mainwaring,

Samuel Kay, Richard Edward Hall, and Charles White, had contracted and agreed with the said Sir Ashton Lever and John Peploe Birch, with the Approbation of the said Sir John Parker Mojley and Oswald Mojley, for a Conveyance of the Closes, Fields, or Parcels of Land therein-after particularly mentioned and described; it is witnessed, that they the said Sir Aflston Lever Tend John Peploe Birch, with the Consent of the said Sir John Parker Mojley and Oswald Mojley, did bargain, fell, release, and confirm, and the said Sir John Parker Mojley and Oswald Mojley, did grant, bargain, and fell, release, ratify and confirm unto the said Josiah Birch, George Lloyd, James Majfey, James Walker, John Caryl Worjley, John Markland, George Johnson, Peter Mainwaring, Samuel Kay, Richard Edward Hall, and Charles White, their Heirs and Assigns, all that Plot or Parcel of Land or Ground lying and being near the public Infirmary and Hospital in Manchester aforesaid, bounded on the

moil

'24 *6

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 127.

rtiofi: Northerly Side by the said Infirmary and Hospital, and the Ground

belonging thereto, and being in Length on that Side One hundred and eighty-six Yards and Twelve Inches, on the most Easterly End by a Lane called Garrett Lane, and being in Length along the said Lane, Eighty-nine Yards and Twelve Inches; on the mod Southeily Side by a certain Plot of Land laid out for a Street of Six Yards wide, intended to be called Street, and being in Length along the said Street, in an irregular Line, One hundred and forty-three Yards and Twenty-four Inches; and on the mod Westerly End thereof by another Plot of Land laid out fora Street of Twelve Yards wide, intended to be called Bath Street, and being in Length, along the said Street, Fifty-five Yards and Two Inches, and being in the Whole Eleven thousand two hundred and eleven superficial Square Yards of Land or Ground, or thereabouts, according to the Admeasurement then lately made of the said Premises; and all Ways, Waters, Watercourses, Paths, Passages, Hedges, Ditches, Fences, Liberties, Eafemients, Privileges, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Plot or Parcel of Land or Ground belonging or in anywise appertaining or accepted, reputed, taken, or known as Part, Parcel, or Member thereof, or of any Part thereof, together with free Liberty and Power for them the said Josiah Birch, George Lloyd, James Majfey, James Walker, John Caryl Worjley, John Markland, ' George Johnson, Peter Mainwaring, Samuel Kay, Richard Eduard Half and Charles 'White, their Heirs and Assigns, and all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, and all Horses, Cattle, Coaches, Carts, and other Carriages from Time to Time, and at all Times, for ever thereafter, to go;, pass and repass to and from the said Plot or Parcel of Land or Ground, or any Hotvfes, Edifices, or Buildings erected thereupon, in, by, through, or over the said Streets called Bath Street, and Street, and all other public-Streets and Ways then and thereafter to be made, laid out, and opened in and upon any other of the Lands of >the said Sir John Parker Mojley and Oswald Mojley, adjoining or near to the said Plot or Parcel of Land therein-before mentioned, to be thereby granted and released between Garrett Lane aforesaid, and the River Tib, and also free Liberty and Power to and for the said Josiah Birch, George Lloyd, James Majfey, James Walker, John Caryl Worjley, John Markland, George Johnson, Peter Mainwaring, Samuel Kay, Richard Edouard Hall, and Charles White, their Heirs and Assigns, from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, at their Will and Pleasure, and at their own Expence, to make or fink all and every such Sough or Drain, Soughs or Drains, along the said Streets called Bath Street and Street, to communicate with the Drains or Soughs made or to be made in the fame Streets, or any Part of the Land of the said Sir John Barker Mojley and Oswald Mojley, between Garrett Lane and the River Tib in Mar.chester aforesaid, of such Depth and Width as should be sufficient to drain and keep dry the Cellars of the Buildings thereafter to be erected on the said Plot or Parcel of Land or Ground thereby granted and released, and from Time to Time to repair all and every Sough and Soughs, Drain and Drains, making good the Damage to be thereby done or occasioned, and obstructing the Passage of the said Streets as little as mav be; and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders yearly, and other Rents. Iflfues, and Profits, of all and singular the said Premises thereby released, to hold the fame unto the said josiah Birch, George Lloyd, James Majfey, James Walker, John Caryl Worjley, John He: Markland,

24t 7

' <ai

u

Skj.

STjij

ailsd

i

kvch

Aer. sfej. ad or lien, reof, 'irA, Mit bard and che», s for *arcd iheit-.and after mds 5 or led, and said srjl

H

red

ire,

or

nd

be

bn

:er

be

id

4

je

J

48° GEORGII III. Cup. 127;

Maryland) George Johnson, Peter Mainworing, Samuel Kay. Richard Edward Hal I, and Charles White, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, yielding and paying yearly and every Year, for ever thereafter, unto the said Sir Ashton Lever and John Pcploe Birch, their Heirs and Assigns, the clear Annual Rent of Seventy-six Pounds, at and upon the Twenty-fifth Day of December and Twenty-fourth Day of June in every Year, by even and equal half-yearly Payments, with the usual Powers of Difirefs and Entry, and Perceptions of Rents and Profits, in case of Non-payment of the fame Rent at the Times and in the Manner therein mentioned:

And whereas besides an Infirmary or Hospital and Asylum for Lu- Buildings have natic Patients, a Dilpenfary, Public Baths, and several other Buildings been uenoi, and Improvements have been erected and made upon the Land and Hereditaments comprized in the said Indentures of the Third Day of December One thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, and of the First and Second Days of October One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, for the Benefit of the said Charities, which have been supported and maintained by the Donations and voluntary Contributious of charitable and well-disposed Persons, and under the Direction and Management of or great Trustees; And whereas the said Infirmary, Asylum, Dilpenfary, and Baths, Utility, are of greatUtility to the very populous Town and Neighbourhood of Man-chester aforesaid: And whereas by reason of the Rents refer ved in the said In- Douhts whe. dentures of the ThirdDay of December One thousand seven hundred and fifty- ther inden-three, and the Second Day of October Onethoufand seven hundred and eighty- tMrCi aic'dUtJ* three respectively, and by reason that neither of the said Indentures, nor the said Indenture of the First Day of October One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three were duly inrolled, it is apprehendedthat the said Indentures respectively are void, as being, contrary to the Statute made and passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to refrain the Dfpoftion of Lands whereby the fame become unalienable: And whereas it w'ould be ofpublicUiility and tend to the En- The maFr.g couragement and Support of the said Infirmary, Asylum for Lunatic Patients, , r,'!'mises

Dispensary and Baths, i f t h e said prefen t S i r Ofiaald hi of.cy, hislleirs or Assigns, would u nd to were empowered to grant all such Part and Parts of the said Lands and Premises ment'of comprized as well in the said Indentures of the Third Day of December the said One thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, as in the said Indentures of the Intirmary* First and Second Days of October One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, as he or they mall at the Time of such Grant or Grants be seized of in Fee Simple, or shall have a Power of Disposal over the Fee thereof, to such Persons and on such Terms as may be agreed upon between him the said present Sir Oswald Mofley and the Trullees for-and Benefactors to the said Charities for the Purposes thereof, and also if the Property and Effects belonging to the said Charities were veiled in Trustees for the Benefit thereof; but such Purposes cannot be cffeSed without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Majesty's mofl dutiful and loyal Subjects the said present Sir Oswald Mojlcy,

Thomas Stanley Esquire, and John Blackburne Esquire, who are Subscribers and Benefactors to the said Charities (on Behalf of themselves and the other Subscribers and Benefactors to the said Charities),

Do mofl humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and

be it enacted by he King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said pre- sir Oswald

sent Sir Oswald Mofley, his Heirs and Assigns, or any of them, or M°fley cm-

r r n r Powered to

lUc. S31 Pff.] 27 G any kecutc

2418 48° GEORGII III. Cap. ti7.

g nd the iny ^er^on or Persons as a Truflec or Trustees for him or them, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, to make and execute such Grants, Releases, Conveyances, or Assurances, Grant, Release, Conveyance, or Affurattce of all and singular, or such and so many, or such Part and Parts of the said Lands and Hereditaments comprized in the said Indenture of Lease of the Third Day of December One thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, and the said Indentures of Lease and Release of the First and Second Days of October One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three respectively, or either or any of them, with the Erections, Edifices, Buildings, and Improvements thereon erected, built, and made, and other the Appurtenances, as he or they shall at the Time of such Grants, Releases, Conveyances, or Assurances, Grant, Conveyance, Release, or Assurance, be seized of in Fee Simple, or shall have a Power of Appointment or Disposal over the Fee thereof, unto such Persons as from Time to Time or at any Time or Times shall be nominated and appointed Trustees for the Purpose of accepting and taking such Grants, Releases, Conveyances, and Assurances, Grant, Release, Conveyance, or Assurance, by the major Part of the Benefactors and Subscribers to the said Charities for the Time being, present at any Meeting to be holden in the Board Room of the said Infirmary, after Fourteen Days previous Notice by Advertisement, to be inserted in some or one of the Manchester Newspapers for that Purpose, their Heirs and Assigns, upon the Trulls and for the Purposes herein-after mentioned, reserving or not as to the said present Sir Opwald Mofley, his Heirs or Assigns shall seem expedient of the said several Rents of Six Pounds and Seventy-six Pounds reserved by the said Indentures of the Third Day of December One thousand seven hundred and fifty-three, and Second Day of October One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, which Grants, Releases, Conveyances, and other Assurances, Grant, Release, Conveyance or other Assurance, shall, from the Time of making and executing thereof respectively, be deemed, construed, and taken to be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, the Statute made and passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to rest rain the Disposition of Lands whereby the fame became unalienable, or any of the Statutes of Mortmain in anywise notwithstanding; and such Trustees for the Time being so to be appointed shall be and are hereby accordingly empowered and enabled to accept and take the same.

Property vest-

II. And be it further enacted, That the Property of all and singular the

edm Trustcci. Money, Implements, Materials, Furniture, Goods, Chattels, and Effects, Matters and Things whatsoever, already belonging, due, or owing to the said Infirmary, Asylum, Dilpenfary, and Charities, or the Subscribers or BenefaClors thereto, in respect or on account thereof, or which shall hereafter be purchased, subscribed, contributed, or provided for the Purposes of the said Charities, shall from and after such Nomination and Appointment of Trustees as aforesaid, be veiled in such Trustees so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, upon the Trulls, and for the Purposes herein-after mentioned; and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause any Action or Actions to be brought, and any Bill or Bills of Indictment to be preferred again!! any Person or Persons, who shall steal, take away, break, spoil, damage, or injure any such Money, Implements, Materials, Goods, Chattels, EffeCls, Matters, or Things whatsoever, or any of them, or any Part or Parts

thereof.

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 127. .2419

thereof, anJ in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively it shall be and be deemed and taken to be sufficient to date generally, that the Money, Implements, Materials, Goods, Chattels, Elledts, Matters, or Things, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, for which such Action or Actions, or Bill or Bills of Indictment shall be preferred, is or are the Property of " the Trustees for the Time being of the Manchester Infirmary,’’ without particularly mentioning or specifying the Names of the said Trustees.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Actions and Suits to be com- Actions to be menced and prosecuted by or on Behalf of the Trustees of the said Charities for the Time being, against any Person or Persons whomsoever, in Name ot or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall or may be lawfully com- rrustees. menced or instituted and prosecuted in the Name of any One of the said Trustees for the Time being, as the nominal Plaintiff for or on Behalf of the said Charities, and all Actions and Suits to be commenced and instituted against the Trustees of the said Charities, for the Time being, shall and may be commenced, instituted, and prosecuted against One of the said Trustees for the Time being, as the nominal Defendant for and on Behalf of the said Charities, and the Death, Resignation, or Removal, or other Act of any such Trustee for the Time being shall not abate any such Action, Suit, or Prosecution, and that every Trustee or Trustees who shall be named as Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, in any such Action, Suit, or Prosecution, shall be indemnified out of the Funds of the said Charities from all Costs, Charges, and Expences which he or they may be put to or sustain on Account of any such Action, Suit, or Prosecution.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees so to be nominated Trustees to and appointed as aforesaid, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, and the Pleirs, Executors, and Administrators of such Survivor respectively, and for the Benefit the Assigns of such Trustees, or of the Survivors or Survivor of them respect ckari* tively shall stand and be seised and possessed of and interested in the Hereditaments and Premises which have been so demised or granted as aforesaid, or which shall or may be granted or otherwise conveyed or assured by the said present Sir Oswald Mofley, his Heirs or Assigns, in pursuance of the Power and Authority herein-before contained in that Behalf, and also of and in all and singular the Money, Securities for Money, Implements, Materials, Furniture, Goods, Chattels and Effects, Matters and Things whatsoever, which may become vested in them in consequence of this Act, and every Part thereof respectively, in Trust for and for the Benefit of the said Charities and charitable Purposes accordingly, and subject to the Rules, Orders, and Regulations now made and used, qr such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as shall hereafter be made either with respect to the said Lands, Buildings, Hereditaments, and Premises, and the said Goods and Chattels of the said Infirmary, Dispensary, Lunatic Hospital, and Asylum, or with respect to the Recommendation and Ad million of Patients, or otherwise relating to the Management,

Regulation, and Government of the said Charities, by the major Part of the Benefadlors and Subscribers to the fame Charities for the Time being, present at any Meeting to be hclden in the Board Room of the said infirmary, after Fourteen Days previous Notice, in Writing, for that Purpose, to be inferred in some or one of the Manchester Newspapers, and which Rules, Orders, and Regulations the major Part of the said Benefactors 6 and

M20 4Se GEORGII III. Cap. 127.

and Subscribers at such Meeting, are hereby empowered and authorized to make.

Appointment V. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as the Number teisf" Trul* Trustees to be nominated and appointed for the Purposes aforesaid shall, by Death or Resignation, be reduced to less than Ten in Number, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Trustees or Trustee for the Time being of the said Premises already granted and demised, or hereafter to be granted or otherwise allured as aforesaid, and so by this Act to be veiled as aforesaid, after Fourteen Days previous Notice, by Advertisement, for that Purpose, to be inserted in one of the Manchester Newspapers, and they and he are and is hereby required to nominate and appoint any other Perforts to be Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid, in the Place or Stead of the Trustees so dying or resigning, andfo toties quoties; and that when and so often as any new Trustee shall be nominated or appointed for the Purposes aforesaid, the old or continuing and resigning Trustees or Trustee for the Time being shall convey and assign all and singular the Premises then vested in them or him upon the Trulls aforesaid, so and in such Manner as that the fame may become legally and effectually vested in the surviving or continuing Trustees or Trustee, and in such new Trustees jointly or in such new Trustees wholly, as the Case shall happen, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators respectively, according to the Nature and Quality of the Premises in Trull for the said Charities and charitable Purposes as aforesaid.

Conveyance*

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances, Alignments, and to be good. Affu ranees, which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be good

and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, notwithstanding the said Statute of the Ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, or any of the Statutes of Mortmain.

General VII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and

Saving. 'Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except the said present Sir Qfwald Mojley, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and Trustee and Trustees, from and after the making of such Grant, Release, Conveyance, or Assurance, Grants, Releases, Conveyances or A durances as aforesaid; and also other than and except the faiii Sir Robert Peel Baronet and Thomas Stanley Esquire respectively, and their respective Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, and the several other Subscribers and Benefactors to the said Charities, so far only as their respective Interests in the said Premises are affected or intended to be affected by this Act), all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, in, to, or out of the Premises or any Part thereof, as they, every, or any of them, had or, enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or could or ought to have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

Act ma be

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the given inEvi- Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed dcHce. 5e admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyrf. and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. i8c8.

ANNO QUADRAGE3IMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 128.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of IFat-lington, in the County of Oxford.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Watlington, in the County of Oxfsrd, several Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Paitures, and Open Down, Common, and Waste Lands: And whereas the Right Honourable George Earl of Macclesfield, John Henry Tilfon Esquire, Henry Hulton Esquive, John Fane Esquire, and others, are Lords of the Manor of Watlington; and the said John Henry Tilfon is seised of the Rectory or Parsonage Impropriate of Watlington aforesaid, and in Right thereof is entitled to certain Great Tythes arising, growing, and payable within the said Parish of Watlington below the Hill, and a!so to the Great Tythes of certain Lands in the Liberty of Greenfield> in the said Parish of Watlington above the Hill; and is also Patron ct the Vicarage of Watlington: And whereas the Reverend Phineas Pelt Doctor in Divinity, claims to be entitled to the Great Tythes of certain Lands in Watlington aforesaid below the Hill, as the Rector of Newington, with the Chapelry of Britwell Prior thereunto annexed; and the Reverend Andrew Price claims to be entitled to the Great Tythes of certain other Lands in Watlington aforesaid below the Hill, as Rector of Britwell Salome in the said C ounty: And whereas Thomas Stonor Esquire is Lord of the Manor of Honor, Pifhill, Bix, and JVarmfcomb, and as futfl is entitled to the Soil of, or Part of the Soil of [Loc. id Per.'] 27 H certain

2422

Commit1-

48‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 12%.

certain Commons in the said Parish of Watlington, known by the Names of North Eiid Common, Christmas Common, Greenfield Green, and Seamsr Green, intended ro be hereby inclosed: And whereas Thomas Weld Esquiro is Lord of the ‘Manor of Minigrove, otherwise Megrove, in the said County of Oxford, and as such is entitled to the Soil of a certain large Trad of Common or Waste Ground called Minigrove, Part of which said Manor, and of the said Common or Waste Ground, is within the said Parish of Watlington, and intended to be hereby inclosed; and the said Thomas Weld also claims to be entitled to other Interests in, over, and upon the said Common or Waste Ground within the said Parish: And whereas the said Henry Hulton is Lord of the Manors of Watcomb and Ingham, in the said Parish of Watlington: And whereas Thomas Williams Clerk is Vicar of the Vicarage and Parish Church of Watlington afore laid, and as such is entitled to certain Glebe Lands, and certain Tythes of Hay and Grass, and Small Tythes yearly arising, renewing, and increasing within the said Parish of Watlington, and also to a Composition or Payment in Money issuing and payable out of the said Rectory or Parsonage Impropriate, for Eleven Quarters of Wheat, Eleven Quarters of Barley, Three Quarters of Oats, Twenty Days Threfti of Wheat Straw, and Eight Days Threfti of Barley Straw: And whereas the said George Earl of Macclesfield, John Henry Tilfon, Henry Hulton, and divers other Persons, are Owners or Proprietors of, and interested in, the Re* fldue of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open Down, Common and Waste Lands: And whereas ail Ad was passed in the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for cmfolidaiing in One Ad, certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the faffing of such Acts: And whereas the said several Open and Common Welds within the said Parish are contiguous to.and intermixed with each other, and the respective Property of the several Owners and Occupiers lie intermixed and dispersed in fttiall Parcels, and are inconveniently situated for Occupation, and in their present State incapable of any considerable Improvement; and it would be very advantageous and beneficial to the several Persons interested therein, and in the said Open Down, Common and Waste Lands, if the lame were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors thereof, according to their respective Estates* Rights, and Interests therein; but such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure cannot be made without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Richard Davis of The Grove, in the Parish of Act on Rowan t, in the" County of Oxford, John Trumper of Harefield, in the County of Mid-Jlefex, and William Bushnell of Aston Tirrold, in the County of Berks, Gentlemen, and their Successors, to be elected in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, Open Down, Common and Waste Lands, and for carrying this Act into Execution, Fubjed to the Powers, Regulations, and Directions herein-after contained, and subject to such of the Powers, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained

2423

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

lalned in the said recited Act, as are not varied or altered by, or repugnant to any of the said CUufes, Provisions, or Regulations in this A d contained, and that all Matters and Things authorized or directed to be All A^s may-done and executed by or before the said Commissioners, for effedirtg the eotn-Purposes aforesaid, may be done and executed by or before any Two of missioncn. them; and the fame when so done shall be as valid and effefihial as if done and executed by or before all the said Commissioners.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Richard Davis, Or Appointment any Person to be appointed in his Stead, shall die before the finishing of fion^Mhe the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, or shall neglect, refuse, or Rj^m < f $i-become incapable to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act^cIiaa‘ D‘*V|S* then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said George Earl of Mac* clesfidd, and John Henry Tilfon Esquire, their Heirs or Assigns, by any Writing under their Hands, within Twenty-one Days after such Death,

Refusal, or Incapacity to ad shall be made known to them, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said Division or Inclosure), to be a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of the said Richard Davis, or of such ocher Person appointed in his Stead, so dying, neglecting, refusing, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and in case the Appointment said John Trumper, or any Person to be appointed in his Stead, shall die before the finishing of the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, or Room of John shall neglect, refule, or become incapable to act as a Commifioner in the Trumpet. Execution of this Act, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Henry Hu ton-, his Heirs and Assigns, by any Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, within Twenty-one Days after such Death,

Refusal, or Incapacity shall be made known to him or them, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure), to be a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of the said John Trumper^ or of such other Person appointed in his Stead, so dying, ne-gleding, refusing, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and in Appointment case the said William Bufljnel\ or any Person to be appointed in his Stead, of commit-shall die before the finishing of such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, £°^l"fthe or shall neglect, refuse, or become incapable to act as aforesaid, then and viiiiam in such C fe it shall be lawful for the said Thomas Williams, and the other Ba*luel1* Proprietors of the said Open Field Lands within the said Parish of Wat-lington (exclusive of the said George Earl of Macclesfield, John Henry ‘’Tilfon, and Henry Hutton, their Heirs and Assigns), in like Manner, and within the like Space of Time, to nominate and appoint some proper and disinterested Person to be a Commissioner in the Room and Stead of the said William Bushnell, or of the Person appointed in his Stead, so dying, neglecting, refusing, or becoming incapable as aforesaid: Provided always, That if it shall happen that the Persons herein-before respectively authorized and empowered to appoint such new Commissioners, shall not make any such new Appointment within the Time herein before for that Purpose limited, then and so often as it shall so happen, the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner from Time to Time Avail within Fourteen Days next after the Expiration of such Time allowed for appointing such new or succeeding Commissioner or Commissioners as aforesaid, appoint some other fit and proper Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Place and Stead of such Commissioner or Commissioners so dying, neglecting, refusing, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid j and every new Commissioner so nominated

24-24

48- GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

and appointed under either of the Powers herein-before given shall, from and immediately after hb Appointment and taking the Oath prescribed in that Behalf, have such and the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, to ali Intents and Purposes, as if he had been named and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act.

IIT. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Commissioners shall refuse or neglect to attend at the First and Second Meeting appointed , to be held for putting this Act into Execution, and duly qualify himself by taking the Oath in that Behalf prescribed (Notice being given to him of such intended Meeting, under the Hand of either of the Commissioners), or if any One of the said Commissioners shall, after the First or Second Meeting, wilfully absent himself from any Two succeeding Meet* ings appointed to be held as aforesaid, he having first known of such Meetings by his Presence at their Appointment, or Notice thereof in Writing having been given him, or left at his usual Place of Abode by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and such Commissioner not being prevented by Sickners or other reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the other Commissioners attending at such subsequent appointed Meetings; or if any Commissioner to be elected and appoinred in the Manner aforesaid, shall not attend and qualify himself at the First or Second Meeting after his Election, to be appointed by the surviving or remaining Commissioner for putting this Act into Execution, or shall then-after absent himself in Manner aforesaid (having first known or after such Notice), and without such Cause as last herein-before is mentioned, every such Absence or Non-attendance shall be deemed and taken to be a Refusal to act.

IV. And be it further enact-d, That William Rutt, of the City of Oxford, Land Surveyor, shall be, and he is hereby appointed the Surveyor for executing the several Powers vested in him by the said recited Act and this, Act, and shall be subject to the Control and Directions of the said Commissioners.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Hull, and they ate hereby required to cause Notice of the Time and Place of their First and every subsequent Meeting for the Execution of this Act, to be inferred in the Newspaper called Jack fan's Oxford Journal, or in some other Newspaper usually circulated within the said County of Oxford, Eight Days at least before every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by the said Commissioners not more than One of them shall attend, the Commissioner so attending may adjourn such Meeting to such Time and Place, within Eight Miles of Watlington aforesaid, as shall be deemed by him most convenient-.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioners, shall be made and given by Advertisement to be inserted in the said Newspaper called Jackforis Oxford Journal, or in some other Paper usually circulated in the said County of Oxford.

:trj

i-td

tii

him

naif.

it or

[ft:.

iGch

fin

[tht

pre. idler w it laid, ifier m-ifent ia;

y

bi

of

tr-

ied

of

nil

ie

n

48° GEORGII III. Cjpyi2?>. 2425

VII. And be it further enacted, That in order to fho.qen the Boundary Fences between the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and any adjoining Parishes, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Cointnilfioners, with the Consent in Writing,

under the Hand or Hands of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the 1

Manor or Manors, or Owner or Owners of the Soil, and under the

Hands of the major Part in Value (such major Part to b*3 ascertained by the Land Tax Assessments), of tl.e Land Owners in any Parish or Parishes

interested in any Commons or Waste Grounds adjoining to the said last

mentioned Parish, and also under the Hand or Hands of the Owner or Owners of any adjoining Lands upon which such Fence or Fences are

intended to be made, to set out and ascertain the Boundary Fences to be

made between the said Commons and Waste Grounds adjoining to the

Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and allotted, in such

Manner as they shall judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid; and after

such Boundary Fences shall be set out and ascertained as aforesaid, the

lame shall be fenced by such Person or Pc-rfons, in such Manner, and at

such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall order and direct in

and by their Award, and shall be for ever thereafter deemed and taken to

be the Boundaries between the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and such adjoining Parish or Parishes;

any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference For settling shall arise between any of the Parties interested, or claiming to be intc- Dltfercnc-S* relied in the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, touching or concerning any other Right, Matter, or Thing relating to the fame, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages,

Tenements, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners Commir-shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Olv Sward*cSs. jedtion or Objections, Dispute or Difference to be brought before them

by virtue of this or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, Dispute or Difference, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons lb neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any)%upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

[Lgc. b* Per.3 27 /

2426

Allowing Parties dilTa-

tikfiid with Dstcrmin*-

missioners to try their

Rights at

Determina-uissioners, 'f to, shall be

Death of Parties not to abate Actions.

In Cafes of Deaths of Parties before Actions brought the same to be carried on

48° GEORGII XII. Cap. 128.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons interested, or claiming to be interested, in the said intended Division, Allotment, or Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination or Order of the said Commissioners touching or concerning any Dispute or Disputes, Difference or Differences as aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Claim or Claims of any Rights or Interests in and to the Soil of the said Open Down, Common and Waste Lands, or any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds herein directed to be divided, allotted, and inclci'ed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for such Person or Persons to proceed to a Trial at Law respecting the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners at the then next or the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Oxford; and for that Purpose such Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination or Order of the said Commissioners. shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination or Order of the fail Commissioners shall be made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Atorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which’ such Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall let aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do as is usual in other Cafes; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained and not let aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioners touching such Claim or Claims of Right 4o the Soil of the said Open Down, Common and Waste Lands, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or any Part thereof which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting, not causing such Action or Actions to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof; but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and against whom any such Action or Actions might have been brought, if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before

limited

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 128. 2427

limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it (h.ill be lawful for the Ter- am) >Ufo u;a Ion or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who might have brought jj,',!" such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the fame within the Time so limited as aforesaid against such Person or Persons as if actually Hying, and to serve the Clerk of the said Commissioners with Process for.commencing such Action or Actions, in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall therein also be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Atfion or Actions in the Name or Names of the Pefon or Persons so dead; and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living, and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XI1T. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Perf-rwin Ad contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioners to determine \° any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any such letted without Parlies, except in Cafes of Encroachment made within the Period of Twenty Years; but in case the said Coniraissioners shall be of Opinion against the Rights of the Person or Persons so in Post’eflion, they shall forbear to make any Determ nation thereupon, until the Possession shall have been given up by, or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejedment, or other due Course of Law.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it fli.il! and may be lawful for Atic-rmert the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized (if they shall think it necessary and proprr), to set out and allot such Parcel or Parcels ‘i3 tu" of Land, Part of the Lands and Grounds by this Act intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, in such Situation or Situations as they shall think proper, for the Purpose of publick Watering Places for Cattle, and for the Purpose of getting Chalk, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for the repairing the Roads and Ways already made, and to be made or set out by virtue of this or the said recited Ach

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may, and AUotmer*m they are hereby required, in the next Place to set our, allot, and award ticu ot e i*se. unto and for the said Thomas Williams, and his Successors, Vicars of Wat-

lington aforesaidf such Parcels of the Lands ana Grounds hereby intended to be divided and allotted as, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, shall be a full Equivalent and Compensation for the Glebe Lands and Rights of Common thereto belonging.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall., A'lotment ta and they are hereby required to assign, set out, and allot unto and for the the said Thomas Weld, Lord of the Manor of Minigrove otherwise Megrove the bulU aforesaid, so much and such Part of the said Common or Waste Ground called Minigrove, which lies within the said Parish of Watlhgton, as shall, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, be equal in Value to One full Sixteenth Part thereof, and of such other of the Common and Waste Grounds belonging to the said Manor which lie in the said Parish of Watlmgton, in lieu of and Satisfaction for his Right and Interest in and to the Soil of the fame, and such further Fart of the said Trad of

Comn&on

2428

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

Common or Waste as shall be an Equivalent for any other Right or Interest

the said Thomas Weld has in, over, or upon the said Common and Waste Grounds within the said Manor of Minigrove otherwise Megrove, as are within the said Parish of Watlington, and such Allotments shall for ever be deemed, taken, and accepted to be Parcel of the Demesnes of the Manor of Minigrove otherwise Megrove aforesaid and the said Commissioners are hereby further required to assign, set out, and allot unto and for the said Thomas Stonor, Lord of the said Manors of Stonor, Pijhill, and Bix, so much and such Part of the Soil of the said Commons known by the Names of North End Common, Christmas Common, Greenfield Green, and Seamer Green, as shall, in the Judgement of the Commissioners, be equal in Value to One Moiety of the Sixteenth Part of the last mentioned Commons; and the said Commissioners are hereby further required to assign, set out, and allot unto and for the said George Earl of Maccleffield, John Henry Tilfon, Henry Hulton, and John Fane, and others, Lords of the said Manor of Watlington, and unto and for the said Henry Hulton, Lord of the Manors of Watcomb and Ingham, and to and for the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any ether Manor or Manors, being Owner or Owners of the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in Severalty, such Parts of the Open Down, Commons, and Waste Lands within the said Manors respectively, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to the remaining Moiety of the Sixteenth Part of North End Common, Christmas Common, Greenfield Green, and Seamer Green, and to One Sixteenth Part of all the other Open Down, Commons, and Waste Lands in the said Parish, other than and except such Commons from which a Compensation is required to be made to the said Thomas Weld as aforesaid, and other than and except the Commons and Waste Lands in the said Manor of Warmfcomb, the Properly of the said Thomas Stonor.

Pow»r to fe'l

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, the Fx fnces *n next ^acc> out of the Residue of the said Commons and Waste of the AftCS Grounds, mark and set out any Part and Parts of the said Commons and and other Ex- Waste Grounds, not exceeding Fifty Acres in the Whole; and the said penecs. Sec. Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to fell the Lands and Grounds so marked and set out in such Allotment or Allotments, as to them shall seem right and proper, to any Person or Persons, for the bed Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, by private Contract or publick Audition or Auctions to be holden for that Purpose, of which Six Weeks previous Notice shall be given; and the Person or Persons so purchasing the fame, shall immediately pay by way of Deposit into the Hands of the Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they shall direct and appoint, One Tenth Part of his or their Purchase Money, and pay the Remainder thereof within Three Calendar Months next after, or at such other Times as the said Commissioners shall appoint; and in Default thereof the Money so deposited shall be forfeited, and shall be applied in carrying this Act into Execution, and the Allotment or Allotments for which the whole of such Purchase Money shall not have been so paid in, or for which there shall be no Bidding at such Auction, shall be again put up to Sale, and fold in Manner aforesaid for the belt Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, or be sold by the said Commissioners by private Contract for any Sum or Sums not less than the remaining Nine Tenths of the Price or respective Prices for which the fame was or were rel’pectively 6 before

2429

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

before fold, or the Amount of One Bidding above the Sum or respective Sums at which the fame was or were respectively put up in the said former Auctions; and every Allotment for which the full Purchase Money shall be paid, shall immediately thereupon be absolutely.discharged of and from all Common and other Rights thereon or therein, and be veiled in Fee Simple in, and be inclosed and thenceforth held in Severalty by such Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, as his, her, or their private and absolute Property, and shall be allotted accordingly by the said Commissioners; and the said Purchase Money shall be applied by the said Commissioners in defraying and discharging all the Colts, Charges, and Expences attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and of iurveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, fencing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotte *, and inclosed by virtue thereof, and all the Charges of the said Commissioners, their Alfiltants and Servants, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said Commissioners, and of ring-fencing the Allotments for Tythes, and all other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, subject to the Proviso herein-after contained respecting the said Open and Common Fields; and the Overplus of such Purchase Money (if any) after defraying such Cofl , Charges, and Expences, shall be equally distributed amongst the several Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in Proportion to their several Rights and Interests therein; or otherwise such Surplus shall be paid into the Bank of England in Manner directed by the said recited Act, with respect to Money thereby directed to be paid into the Bank for the Purchase or Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the fame Ufrs:

Provided always, that all and every the Charges and Expences attending the surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the said Open and Common Fields, or which may be incurred by the carrying this Act into Execution in respect thereto, and a fair Proportion of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, to be ascertained and apportioned by the said Commissioners, shall be borne and defrayed by the respective Proprietors of Lands in the said Open and Common Fields; which said Charges and Expences, together with the Proportions thereof, shall be settled and adjusted by the said Commissioners, and shall be paid at such Time arid Place, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners shall appoint.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment fa in the next Place assign, set out, and allot unto the Owner of Watiington the Pour. Park, the Lord of the Manor of Watcomb, and the Vicar and Churchwardens of the said Parish of PVatlington, so much of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, shall be equal in Value to One Twentieth Part of the Value of the Re-ftdue of the said Commons and Waste Grounds; and the fame Allotment shall, on the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, be vested in the said Owner of Watiington Park, the said Lord of the Manor of Watcomb. and the Vicar and Churchwardens of the said Parish of Watiington lor the Time being, for ever, as Trustees for the Poor of the same Parish; and the faiu Trustees, or the major Part of them, are hereby [Lae. & Prr.J 27 K empowered.

143° 4 GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

empowered, from Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to lease and demise such Allotment, or so much thereof as they shall think proper, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term of Years not exceeding Twenty one Years, so as in every such Lease there be reserved and made payable to the Lid Trtiflees, or the major Part of them, by Two equal Half-yearly Payments in every Year, the most improved Yearly Rent or Rents that can be obtained for the Land thereby demised, without taking any Income, Fine, Premium, or Foregift, in consideration of granting such Lease or Leases; and that in all such Leases there be contained the usual Covenants and Stipulations as the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall think proper to be inferred therein; and the Rents and Profits arising from such Allotment, or from so much thereof as shall be demised as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time be laid out in purchasing Fuel, and such Fuel shall be distribured among the poor Inhabitants of the said Parish of Watlington, who shall be legally settled therein, and shall occupy Lands or Tenements under the Yearly Value of Ten Pounds, in such Proportions and Quantities, and at such Times in the Year, and according to such Rules and Regulations as the said Trustees for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall appoint and prescribe for that Purpose, and not otherwise; and so much of the last mentioned Allotment as shall not be leased or demised as aforesaid, shall be held, used, and appropriated by the said Trustees for the Purpose of sowing Furze, planting Wood, and of cutting Fuel, which Fuel shall be distributed amongst such poor Inhabitants of the said Parish of Watlington as are herein-before mentioned, in such Shares and Proportions, and according and subject to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations as the said Trustees, for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall appoint and prcLribe for that Purpose, and not otherwise: Provided always, that in case the Rents and Profits of the last mentioned Allotment, or of the Part or Parts thereof which shall be demised or leased as aforesaid, shall at any Time or Times be more than sufficient ro answer the Purpose for which the fame is hereby directed to be fee out, then and so often it shall and may he lawful to and for the Trustees thereof for the Time being, or the major Part of them, to apply and dispose of the Overplus of such Rents and Profits for the Relief and Benefit of the Poor for vviiofe Benefit such Allotment shall be set out, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall think proper: Provided also, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Owner of Watlington Park, and the Lord of the Manor of Watcomb for the Time being, respectively to act in the Execution of the Trusts hereby reposed in them by their respective Agents or Proxies, such Agents or Proxies being appointed by Writing under their respective Hands, ami producing their respective Appointments at the Time of their respectively acting by virtue thereof.

Allotment for

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners {frail,

Tythta. and they are hereby authorized and required to let out, allot, and award unto and for the said John Henry Tilfoh, his Heirs and Assigns, the said Phineas Pett and his Successors, Rectors of Newington aforesaid, the said Andrew Price and his Successors, Rectors of Britwell Salome storesaid, and for the said Thomas Williams and his Successors, Vicars of Watlington aforesaid, in Severalty, according to their respective Estates and Intereils therein, such Parcel or Parcels of the said Lands and Grounds hereby 3 directed

2

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 126.

directed to be divided and inclosed, or feme of them, as shall in the judgement of the said Commissioners, be equal in Value to One Fifth Pan of all the Arable and Tillage Lands and Grounds lying within the said Parish below the Hill, and to One Eighth Part of the Meadows, and to One Ninth Part of the Pasture, Open Down, Common and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or fonie of them, in lieu of and as a full Compensation and Satisfaction for all Tythes, both Great and Small, and other Payments in lieu of Tythes, and all other Ecclesiastical Dues whatsoever (Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and Surplice Fees, due to the fame Vicar and his Successors, only excepted), arising, growing, renewing, increasing, payable, or happening, or to arise, grow, renew, increase, or become payable, or happen, within, from, of in respect of the said respective Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or any of them, or any Part thereof, and also of or from the Messuages, Cottages, Gardens, Orchards, and ancient in* closed Lands and Grounds within the said Parish below the Iiill as aforesaid; which said Allotment or Allotments so to be set out and allotted in lieu of Tythes as aforesaid, the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to divide, set our, and apportion between the said John Henry lilfon, his Heirs and Assigns, the said Phineas Pelt and his Successors, the said Andrew Price and his Successors, and the said Thomas Williams and his Successors, according to their respective Rights and In-telefts therein, or in the said Tythes to be compensated for by the said Allotment or Allotments as aforesaidi, to be ascertained by and according to the Judgement of the said Commissioners.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case there are any Homesteads, A Money Gardens, Orchards, Home Closes, old Inclosures, or old inclosed Lands ®or and Grounds below the Hill in the said Parish of Watlington, subject or Tyhes o liable to the Payment of Tythes in Kind, or to any Modus or Composition, or other Payment in lieu of Tythes, or any other Ecclesiastical ,erall1 Dues or Payment, the respective Proprietors whereof shall not happen to be entitled to any or a sufficient specific Allotment to make Compensation for the fame, such Proprietors shall respectively pay or cause to be paid unto such Person or Persons, and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint, such Sum or Sums of Money as the Laid Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be a full Compensation and Satisfaction for such Tythes, Modules, Compofirions, or other Payments in lieu of Tythes, or other Ecclesiastical Due or Payment issuing or payable out of such Homesteads, Gardens, Orchards, Home Closes, old Inclosures and old inclosed Lands and Grounds respectively, or such Part thereof for which a Compensation in Land cannot be made by the Proprietors thereof as aforesaid; which Sum or Sums of Money shall be applied towards Payment of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and pa fling this Act, and carrying the fame and the said recited Act into Execution, and shall and may be laised, levied, and recovered in like Manner as the Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and carrying the fame and the said recited Act into Execution, are herein-after directed to be raised, levied, and recovered; and in case any Surplus shall remain after Payment of such Charges and Expences as aforesaid, such Surplus shall be paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, if seised in Fee of such Lands; or otherwise such Surplus shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act with

2432 4&* GEORGII III. Cap. 12U.

rdpecl to Money to be piid for the Purchase or Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments or - cf any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That unt:-l the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, or until such other previous Time as the said Commissioners shall, by Writing under their Hands, direct or appoint, the said John Henry Tilfion, P bine as Pett, Andrew Price, and Thomas Williams shall i’everally be entitled to, and shal 1 have, receive, and enjoy all their respective Tythes in such Manner as they respectively could or might have had, received, and enjoyed the fame in case this Act had not been made.

Compenfaron

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Owner X| incisures or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Melfmges, Tenements, at Green‘kid Gardens, Orchards, or old Inclosures within the Liberty of Greenfield.\ a°CornReBt!y *n t^le Parish of Watlington, which is situate above the Hill, and which are subject and liable to the Payment of Tythes to the said John Henry Tilfion, or the said Vicar and his Successors, shall not be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments out of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or being entitled, such Allotment or Allotments shall not be sufficient to make such Satisfaction and Compensation as aforesaid for all the Tythes, both Great and Small, yearly issuing, arising, renewing, increasing, or payable out of or horn all such Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, and old Inclosures within the said Liberty of Greenfield, belonging to such Owners and Proprietors respectively, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required, in the next Place, to calculate and ascertain the Value of all the said Tythes, or of so much thereof as cannot be compensated for as aforesaid; and after making such Valuation, the said Commissioners shall either allot such Proportion of Land out of the ancient Inclosures belonging to such Proprietor or Proprietors respectively (having first obtained the Consent of such Proprietor or Proprietors, by Writing under his or their Hand so to do), sufficient to exonerate the said Tythes, or by the London Gazette, or such other Ways and Means as they shall think most proper, inquire what hath been the Average Price of good marketable Wheat in the County of Oxfiord, during the lait Fourteen Years preceding the Year One thousand eight hundred and eight; and shall in and by their Award ascertain and set forth what Quantity of such Wheat shall, in their Judgement, according to the Average Price aforesaid, be equal in Value to all or such Parts of the Tythes of the said Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, or old Inclosures belonging to each and every Proprietor, according to the Valuation to be made as aforesaid; and such Sum or Sums oi Money when so ascertained by the said Commissioners, shall be divided and apportioned between the said John Henry Tilfion and the said Vicar, and their respective Successors, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall judge and determine to be equal to their respective Shares and Proportions in such Tythes respectively; and such Sum or Sums of Money, when so apportioned, shall be paid and payable to the said John Henry Tilfion, his Heirs and Assigns, and to the said Vicar and his Successors for ever, in such

Proportions

Tythes to continue till Execution of the Award.

2433

48" GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

Proportions as shall be determined by the said Commissioners, by the Person or Persons who, for the Time being, shall be in the Possession or Occupation of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments out of which the said Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Corn Rent, when so apportioned, shall be issuing, by Four equal Quarterly Payments in every Year; (that is to say), on the Twenty-fifth Day of March, the Twenty-fourth Day of June, the Twenty-ninth Day of September, and the Twenty-fifth Day of December; the first Payment whereof shall grow due and be made on the Twenty-fifth Day of March after the Execution of the said Award, or such earlier Quarter Days of Payment as the said Commissioners shall, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, direct or appoint; and such Sum or Sums of Money, by way of Corn Rent, so to be ascertained as aforesaid, shall be in lieu of, and a full Recompence and Satisfaction for all Tythes in Kind, both Great and Small, and all other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments whatsoever (Surplice Fees, Easter Offerings, and Mortuaries excepted), arising, renewing, increasing, or happening out of or from such Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, and old Inclosures.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to For re-ascer. and for the said John Henry Tilfon, his Heirs and Assigns, or the said cqJITr-Iu Vicar and his Successors, or the Owner or Proprietor, or the Owners or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments out of which the said several Sums of Money by way of Corn Rent are to issue, of the greatest Part in Value of such Owners and Proprietors, by Writing under their respective Hands, to apply, at the first General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County of Oxford in the Week after the Feafl of Saint Michael the Archangel, after the Expiration of Fourteen Years from the Execution of the said Award, or at some Adjournment thereof (Notice of such intended Application being first given in the London Gazette, and also in some Newspaper or Newspapers usually circulated in the County of Oxford, and also affixed on the Door of the Church of Watlington aforesaid, in the Month of August next preceding), to have Three Persons named or appointed by the Justices then and there assembled to be Referees, for the Purpose of inquiring and ascertaining by or from, or by means of the London Gazette, or by such other Ways or Means as they shall think equitable and proper, the Average Price of a Winchester Buffi el of good marketable Wheat within the said County of Oxford for the Fourteen Years then last pad; and the said Justices shall, and they are hereby required, to nominate and appoint Three Persons (not being interested in the Premises), as Referees; and such Three Referees, or any Two of them, shall, and they are hereby required, to inquire into and ascertain by or from, or by means of the London Gazette, or Dy such other Ways or Means as they shall think equitable or proper, the Average Price of a Witichester Buffiel of good marketable Wheat, within the said County of Oxford for the Fourteen Years then last pafl:; and alter such Inquiry and Ascertainment shall make and deliver a Report thereof, dating such Average Price to the Court of Quarter Sessions to be holden in and for the said County of Oxford then next ensuing, or some Adjournment thereof; and in case it shall by such Report appear, that such Average Price of a Bushel of such Wheat is more or less than the Average Price thereof set forth in the said Award, by the Value of Three Pence, then and in such Case such Sum or Sums of Money, by way [Loc. Sif Per.] 27 L of

*4-34

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

of Corn Rent, shall be increased or diminished in such Proportion as shall be declared by the Order of the said Court; and the fame shall, from the Quarterly Day of Payment preceding such Order, remain and continue issuing and payable as aforesaid out of the respective Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Liberty of Greenfield, charged by the said Award with such Sum or Sums of Money by way. of Corn Rent, until such Sum or Sums of Money shall, at the End of Fourteen Years then next ensuing, be again varied by such Application, and in such Manner as herein-before mentioned, and so from Time to Time at the End of every Fourteen Years for ever.

For Recovery

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful liurC C0Ul to an^ ^or ^jn Henry Tilfony his Heirs and Assigns, and the said

Vicar and his Successors, to recover their respective Proportions of the said several Sums of Money by way of Corn Rent, when and as often as the fame, or any Part thereof, shall be in Arrear, or remain unpaid after the respective Times herein appointed for the Payment thereof, together with the Costs, Charges, and Expences of recovering thereof from the Owner or Occupier, or Owners or Occupiers of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments out of which the said several Sums of Money by way of Corn Rent are to be issuing, or of any Part thereof, by such Ways and Means as by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm any Tythes or Rack Rents in Arrear are directed to be recovered; and that upon the Death, Cession, Resignation, or Removal of the said Vicar or his Successors, he or his Executors or Administrators shall be entitled to and receive so much and such Part of the several Sums of Money by way of Corn Rent, as shall be in the Proportion to the Number of Days elapsed between the Day of such Death, Cession, Resignation, or Removal respectively, and the then lad preceding Day of Payment.

To divide

XXV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That the Yearly or Corn bSwe?nPar- Rents or Sums of Money to be assigned in lieu of Tythes as aforesaid, tics entitled, shall be fairly and impartially proportioned and divided by the said Commissioners, between the respective Parties entitled thereto, according to their respective Proportions, Rights, and Interests of and in such Tythes.

Lands divided

XXVI. And whereas the several Proprietors of ancient inclosed Lands toaCpi'opor- within the said Liberty of Greenfieldy or some of them, at future Periods, tiar of com may happen to sell and dispose of theii said Lands or Premises, or some Rent. Parts or Part thereof 5 and the said Lands or Premises, or some Parts or

Part thereof, may be let to separate or distinct Tenants, or be divided by Will or otherwise; and upon a Division of any of the said ancient inclosed Lands in Manner aforesaid, it may be convenient and necessary to the Owner or Owners thereof for the Time being, to divide and apportion the said Yearly or Corn Rents, or Sums of Money j be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Owner and Owners of all and every Estate and Estates of the said ancient inclosed Lands within the said Liberty of Greenfieldy for the Time being, upon a Division of their respective Estates either by Sale or otherwise, to apportion and charge each and every Part of the Estates so divided, with a due and fair Proportion of the said Yearly or Corn Rents or Sums of Money as aforesaid, so to be ascertained and let forth by the said Commissioners j provided that in 1 every

2+35

48’0 GEORGII III. Cap. 12%.

every such Division due Regard be had to the Quantity of Acres in, and the Rate by the Acre, ascertained by the said Commissioners upon the Whole or any Part of every such Estate, and that each and every Division may be made to bear a fair and just Proportion (as near as may bt) of the said Yearly or Corn Rents, or Sums of Money; and as the Power of recovering the said Yearly or Corn R-nts, or Sums of Money, is herein-before extended to the Whole of each and every Estate of ancient inclosed Lands, the said Power shall continue and remain the fame, until such Division of the Estate, and the apportioning the said Yearly or Corn Rents or Sums of Money, shall be made known to the said John Henry Tilfon, his Heirs or Assigns, and the said Vicar or his Successors, by a written Notice thereof from the Owner, setting forth the Division of such Estate, and the Corn Rent or Yearly Sum charged upon each such Division; and after such Notice the Power of Distress and Recovery of Rents or Sums so apportioned and being in Arrear, shall extend only to the Lands liable to the Payment thereof as specified in such Notice.

XXVII. And, in order to prevent any Difficulty so the said Parties Schedules to entitled to the said Corn Rents or Sums of Money respectively, by the ^Si^fub'ect Division of any Estates, and to facilitate the future regulating of the said to corn Kent. Yearly or Corn Rents or Sums of Money, be it further enacted, That

thp said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to make or cause to be made Two complete Schedules or Descriptions of each and cvpry Parcel of ancient Inclosure within the said Liberty of Greenfield, subject to the Payment of any of the said Yearly or Corn Rents, or Sums of Money as aforesaid, with the Name of the Owner thereof, the exact

Statute Measure in Acres, Roods, and Perches, the Yearly or Com Rents, or Sums of Money issuing out of each respectively, and the Quantity of Wheat which is to govern each of the said future Yearly or Corn Rents, or Sums of Money payable to the said John Henry Tilfon and to the said Vicar respectively, and the Rate by the Acre by which the said Yearly or Corn Rents, or Sums of Money shall be charged as aforesaid, and such other Requisites as shall be judged proper and necessary by the said Commissioners, to render every Matter respecting the said Yearly or Corn Rents, or Sums of Money, clear and plain in fut re; both of which said Schedules or Descriptions shall be signed by the said Commissioners, and One deposited in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Oxford, and the other annexed to the said Award of the said Commissioners*

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to affect the Right and Tide of Thomas Stonor Esquire, to the Tythes of certain inclosed Lands, the Property of the said Thomas Stonor, in the Liberties of Greenfield and IVamf-comb, in the Parish of Watlington aforesaid.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Aiiotm-nts of and may, and they are hereby authorized and required, after the making the Rtfl<jue, such Allotments as herein-before directed, to divide, fct out, allot, and

award all the Residue and Remainder of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, unto and amongst the re lpedlive Owners and Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein* in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, and in such Parts and Shares

as

This Act not

to affect the Right of

2436

Pa) ment to made to the Vjcar.

Regulating Payments of the Corn R=r to the Vicar

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be a just Compensation and Satisfaction for, and equal to their several and respective Lands, Grounds, Rights of Common, and other Rights and I mere (Is therein, subject to such Rules, Provisions, and Directions as are in and by this and the said recited Act declared, expressed, appointed, and prescribed.

XXX. And, for effectually securing the Yearly Sum to be paid out of be the said Rectory or Parsonage Impropriate to the said Vicar and his Successors, in lieu of the said Corn and Straw before mentioned, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall set out so much and such Part of the Tythe Allotment or Allotments to be made to the said John Henry Hlfon, as dial I, in their Judgement, be a competent Security to the said Vicar and his Successors for the Payment of the fame; which said Allotment or Allotments shall be, and is and are hereby for ever charged and chargeable with the said Yearly Sum hereby made payable, which shall be issuing out of the fame, and shall be paid to the said Vicar and his Successors, at the Residence of the said Vicar in Watlington aforesaid, by the said John Henry Ttlfon, and the Owners and Proprietors, for the Time being, of the said Allotment or Allotments so made chargeable therewith, and their several Heirs and Assigns for ever, by equal Half-yearly Payments, on such Days in the Year, and to commence at such Time as the said Commissioners shall, in and by their Award, direct and appoint; and the said Vicar and his Successors shall and may have and exercise such and the fame Powers and Remedies over and upon such Allotment or Allotments so charged therewith, for recovering the Yearly Sum which shall be payable as aforesaid, as and when the fame or any Part thereof shall be in Arrear, as are by Law given and provided for the Recovery of Rent Service or other Rent in Arrear; and that upon the Death, Cession, Resignarion, or Removal of the present and every future Vicar of the said Parish of Watlington, his Executors or Administrators, shall be entitled unto and receive so much and such Part thereof, as shall be in Proportion to the Number of Days elapsed {.o the Day of his Death, Cession, Resignation, or Removal from the then last preceding Day of Payment, and a Plan of the Lands so charged shall be made out and signed by the said Commissioners, and enrolled with the Award to be made by them.

XXXI. And, for settling the Manner of fixing the said Yearly Sum to be paid for the said Portions of Corn and Straw, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby directed and required, to ascertain by the most authentic Means they can, the Average Price of Wheat, Barley, and Oats per Bushel, and of Wheat S:raw and Barley Straw per Day’s Thresh, in the County of Oxford, for the Term of Fourteen Days next preceding the passing of this Act; and the said Commissioners shall, in and by the Award to be made by them, set forth such Average Price, and the Sum such Corn and Straw would collectively amount to, which said Sum shall be declared by them in such Award to be the Yearly Payment for such Corn and Straw for the first Fourteen-Years after the making of the said Award; and, for the Purpose of ascertaining and settling the future Payments, it shall be lawful for the said John Henry Ttlfon, his Heirs and Assigns, or the Owners and Proprietors of the said Allotntent or Allotments charged with the said Annual

Sum,

24-37

4'S* <5E©.RGII III. Cap.nS.

Sum, and the said Vicar and his Successors, at the Expiration of the fat’d Fourteen Years, to nominate and appoint Two Perihns for inquiring into and iifcv'rtaining by such Means as they thall think equitable and proper the Average Price of good marketable Wheat, Barley, and Oats per Bulive!, and of good Wheat Straw and Barky Straw per Day’s Thrcfh, within the said County of Oxford, for Fourteen Years then Jail pall; which said. Arbitrators or Referees Until by their Report to be delivered to the said Parties or their Agents, on tire First Day »of January th^n next ensuing, set forth such Average i ri.ee; and in cale it shall appear that such Average Price is more or less than the Average Price thereof fit forth in the said Award by the Value of Three Pence per Bushel and upwards, the Yearly Sum payable for the preceding Fourteen Years shall be diminished or increased in proportion, and the exact Amount of the said Yearly Sum, to which the lame shall be lb increased or dimini filed, shall be declared by the said Arbitrators or Referees, and the same shall from the Half Yearly Day of Payment.preceding such Declaration remain and continue issuing and payable as aforesaid cut of the fame Allotment or Allotments charged by the said Award, with the first Yearly Sum to the Amount to which the same shall be so declared until the same shall at the End of Fourteen Years be again varied in such Manner as herein-before mentioned, and so from Time to Time at the End of every Term of Fourteen Years for ever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said Com- Toextin-missioners shall have completed the Division and Allotment of the Lands

and Grounds by this or by the said recited Act directed and authorized to «t.hi« the be divided, allotted, and inclosed, in the Proportions, Manner, and Form jv, Iin0'vreofir1/11' herein before mentioned and specified, all and every Rights of Common reipeU of M*. and all other Rights and Interests in respect of the Manors, of Watlington !^'S;nL^s* or Watcomb and Ingham, or, any other Manor or Manors in the Parish of pb fh of Watlington, or any Messuages, Lands, and Tenements within the said Wauiugton, Parish of Watlington, or of any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said Parish, in, over, or upon the Residue of the Open Common, Waste Grounds, and other Grounds within the Manor of Minigrcve otherwise Megrove aforesaid* shall cease, and be for ever extinguiilied, and such Residue of the said Open Common, Waste Grounds, and other Grounds, shall be freed, exonerated, and discharged from all Rights of Common and all other Rights and Interests whatsoever, in respect of the said Manor or Manors, Messuages, Lands and Tenements, within the said Parish of Watlington, or of any Inhabitant or Inhabitants within the same Manor or Manors, and Parish.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Commis-ihr the said Commissioners, at any Time or Times hereafter, whenever ZK* and as often as they in their Discretion shall think convenient, by Notice kigVs of in Venting, for that Purpose under their Hands, to be affixed on the prin- Cwnmon. cipal outer Door of the said Parish of IVaiUngton aforesaid, to suspend

or totally extinguish all or any Parts of the Rights of Common in, over, and upon all or any Part of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Open Down. Common and Wafts Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted; and from and after such Notices given, all such Rights of Common in, over, and upon the said Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and [Lee. & Per.~] 27 M Open

3438 4'8° GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

Open Down, Common a»d Waste Lands, or such Parts thereof, as by such Notices shall be directed to be suspended or extinguished, shall ceaie and be totally extinguished, or other wise suspended, accordingly.

bViv n?to* he

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the fever?! Lands and Grounds

ft.n-.e Ui.i as to be allotted and awarded upon the said Division, Allotment, and Inclo-

oriner sure, to the several Persons interested, and the it vend Messuages, Lands, Tenements, old Inclosures, new Allotments, and other Hereditaments which shall be exchanged in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, shall, immediately after such Allotments and Exchanges are made, be, remain, and enure, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be reflectively allotted or given in Exchange, cr awarded upon such Division, shall from thence forth (land and be feifedand possessed thereof to such and the same Uses, Estates, Trufis, and Purposes, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Settlements, Limitations, Powers, Remainders, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the several and respective Messuages, Lands, Tenements, old Inclosures, new Allotments, or other Hereditaments, in lieu whereof such Allotments or exchanged Premises shall be reibectively made or taken as aforesaid, are now held under or subject to, or liable to be charged with or afte&ed by, or might or could have been held under or subject to, or liable to have been charged with or affected by, in case this Act had not been made.

Vycatin?

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and

I. files nt Leases at Rack Rent subsisting, upon the making or renewing of which

Ritk Rent. no jrj-ie or jrines hath or have been paid, of all or any Part of the Lands

or Grounds below the Hill to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or the Tythes thereof, or any Part thereof, either alone or jointly with any other Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments, and all subsisting Agreements for any Time or Term therein, as to the whole of the Tenements comprized in lueh Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements, shall on such Day as the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands for that Purpose limit or appoint, cease, determine, and be utterly void; and the respective Lessees or Tenants thereof shall thereupon be entitled to demand and receive of and from the I'espective Landlords, Owners, or Proprietors of the fame Premises, such Allowance or Satisfaction in Money, and at such Time or Times as such Commissioners shall ascertain, order, and direct as reasonable to he paid to such Lessees or Tenants on Account thereof, or as an Equivalent for the fame; and such Lessees or Tenants respectively shall upon the Determination of every such Lease or Agreement be liable to pay the respective Landlords, Owners, and Proprietors of the fame Premises, such Rents or Sums of Money up to the Time of vacating such I.eases or Agreements respectively, for the Use and Occupation thereof, as the said Commissioners shall in like Manner ascertain, order, and direc! as reasonable and proper in that Behalf: Provided always, that if there shall be any Lease or Leases of Lands below the Hill, Part of which shall lie in the said Parish of Watlingtm, and Pan in any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, all and every such Lease or Leases upon Rack Rent now subsisting shall be vacated; but where any Land shall have been taken in Exchange, which Land shall be under Lease, and wholly situate in an adjoining Parish or i ownship, the Lease of such last mentioned Lands shall not be vacated.

XXXVI. x\nd

48° GEORGII in Cap. i2$. 2439

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the parting di_

cf this Act, until the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners; re.’t'‘t},e all the Open Fields hereby directed to be divided and allotted, shall be Co iriecf subject and liable to such Directions and Regulations as the said Commis- 1 11 an iy’ Loners shall from Time to Time by Writing under their Hand appoint,

as well with regard to the flocking, as to the ploughing, folding, tilling, and laying down the fame; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to order and direct such Sum or Sums of Money in respect thereof, to be paid by any Person or Persons interested in the said Open Fields, his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, as they the said Commissioners shall think reasonable j and in case any Perfoil or Persons who shall be directed to pay any Sum or Sums of Money on any of the Accounts aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Gale it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to raise and levy the same, for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto by such Ways and Means as the Colls,

Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act may be raised and levied.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person or Persons for the Space of Four Years next after the Execution oa new Ailot-

of the Award of the said Commissioners, to keep or departure any Sheep

or Lambs in or upon any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, unless the Person or Persons keeping such Sheep or Lambs shall at

his, her, or their own Expence effectually and sufficiently fence off or

guard, and duly keep fenced off the Quickset Hedges or other live Fences

of the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Allotment or Allotments where

such Sheep or Lambs shall be so?kept, and of such Allotment or Allotments

adjoining thereto, so as to prevent any Damage being done to such Quickset

Hedges.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Parcel or Parcels of Fencing the Land which shall or may be set out and allotted for Road Materials, the Allotment^ several Allotments for Glebe Lands and Common Rights thereto belonging and hi Glebs and the several Allotments to be set out and allotted by virtue of this Act and Tythe to and for the respective Tythe Proprietors in lieu of their Tythes, shall A,lotmtfnts* be well and sufficiently, in a proper and husbandlike Manner, inclosed

and ring-fenced by or with such Fences, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall, by any Writing under their Hands, or by their Award, order or direct, at the Expence of the several other Proprietors of the Lands hereby intended to be divided, inclosed, and allotted, in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall direct; and the same shall be thereafter supported and maintained for the Term of Seven Years, by or at the Expence of all or such of the said other Proprietors of Lands and Grounds within the said Parish of Wailingto7i, in such Manner and in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall, by any Writing under their Elands, or by their Award,! order and direct; and such Proportions of the said Fences as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, shall be for ever thereafter maintained and kept in Repair by the said respective Tythe Owners, as the said Commissioners shall likewise by their Award order and direct; and the Fences of the Lands and Grounds to be set out for Road Materials shall afterwards be supported and maintained for ever by such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint $ and the said several other Allot-6 ments

244°

Capa to be Mt.

Money advanced for Expence of Act to be paid with . tcretf.

4S0 GEORG IT III. Cep. 128.

merits for the said Lands and Grounds after the Division thereof, shall Within Three Calendar Months, to be computed from the Execution of the said Award, be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced at the proper

Colls and Charges of the respective Persons to whom the same shall be respectively allotted, in such Manner, Shares, and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall'in and by their, said Award order and direct; and in case any Person who shall be made subject or liable by such Order and Direction of the Commissioners to make or to repair, support or maintain any such Fence,-shall neglect or restrie* to make, or to repair, support, or maintain the fame, according to such Direction of the said Gdirtrnil-sioners, it dial 1 be lawful for the Person or Persons interested in the Lands next adjoining the Lands allotted to’ the Person or Persons so neglecting or refunng to exhibit a Complaint jn Writing against such Person or Persons, before any one of His Majesty's judices of the Peace for the County of Oxford, not being interested in the Lands and Grounds so to be fenced and inclosed as aforei'aid, who shall and may summon the Parties concerned, inquire into the Nature of the Complaint, and examine all proper Wimesses- upon Oath, which Oath such Justice shall and may, and is Hereby authorized to administer; and after such Summons, Inquiry, and Examination, shall and may, if he shall see Cause, order, direct, and appoint the Person or Iforfons exhibiting such Complaint, to make and raise or to repair such Fences of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting,' and when the same shall be so made and raised or repaired, such Justice may ascertain the Costs and Charges of doing thereof, and also shall and mayv by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to the Person or Persons exhibiting such Complaint, cause the fame Costs and Charges so afeer-fained (Demand thereof being fird made before One credible Witness) to be levied, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the feme, rendering the Overplus (if any)' upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of taking and making such Distress and Sale; or otherwise shall and may., determined by Writing under his Hand and Seal, authorize and empower the person or Persons exhibiting such Complaint, to enter into and upon the Premises so to be allotted to such Person or Persons refusing or neglecting to pay as a fore-said, and to receive and take the Rents and Profits thereof respectively, until thereby, therewith, or otherwise, the Charges and Expences of making and maintaining or repairing such Fences of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay as aforei'aid, and also also all Cods, Charges, and Expences occasioned by and attending such Entries upon and Perception of the Rents and Profits of the said Premises, shall respectively be fully paid and satisfied: Provided always, That convenient Gaps and Openings shall be left in all the Fences to be made by virtue of this Act, for the Space of Six Calendar Months next enf'uing the Execution of the said Award for the Passage of Cattle, Carts and Carriages in and through the fame, unless the said Commissioners shall by their Award or other Injflrument in Writing under their Hands, order that the fame be sooner fenced in and made up.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money for defraying the Expences of applying for and obtaining this Act, and of carrying the Tame into Execution, shall be repaid the fame out of the full Monies

which

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 128. 2441

which shall be raised and collected in pursuance hereof, with Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum from the Time of advancing and paying the fame respectively.

XL. And be it further enacted, That each of the Commissioners AHowanceto who shall act in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by this Act, fionersl'and and their Clerk, shall be paid the Sunt of Two Pounds Twelve Shillings pacing the and Sixpence each Day they shall respectively and actually attend in the Execution of this Act, the fame Sums to be in full Satisfaction for the Trouble and Expellees which the said Commissioners and their Clerk shall be respectively put unto in the Execution of the Powers aforesaid, and the said Commissioners shall cause Minutes of each Day's Proceeding to be entered in a Book on the same Day, and signed by them; and that the fame Sums, together with all Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining this Act, and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands, Grounds, and Premises to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, and of preparing and inrolling the Award of the said Commissioners, and all the Charges and Expences of their Assistants and Servants, and all other necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by them in and about the Premises, either before or after the Execuuon of the Award, and all the Expences of forming, completing and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said Commissioners, and all other Expences for carrying this Act into Execution, shall be borne and defrayed by the several Owners of the Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and exonerated from the Payment of Tythes, by virtue of this Act (save and except the said ’John Henry Tilfon, Phineas Pett, Andrew Price, and Thomas Williams, for or in respect of any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to them respectively in lieu of Tythes and Glebe Lands, and also save and except the Surveyors of the Highways of the said Parish of Watlingion for the Time being, for and in respect of the Allotment hereby directed to be made to them as aforesaid); which said Costs, Charges and Expences together with the Proportions thereof to be paid by the several Persons hereby made liable to the Payment thereof, shall be settled and adjusted by the said Commissioners, and shall be paid at such Time and Place, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint; and in case any Person herein-before made subject to the Payment of any Money towards such Colts, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay his or her Share or Proportion thereof, within the Time to be appointed as aforesaid, or at any Time after upon Demand, the same shall and may be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by the said recited Act.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Costs, Expfrce3 of Charges, and Expences attending the making and compleating any Exchange*. Exchanges and Partitions by virtue of this and the said recited Act, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, and shall be recovered in the same Manner as is herein-before directed respecting the Recovery of the Costs and Charges of obtaining and executing this Act.

\Loc. & Perl} 27 N

2*4-2

Costs of jtoltinfc Proportions of

Tv the:, to (>e paid by Mr. Tilfcn.

Commissioners to ac-

Wills and Settlements not to J>e altered.

AvmtL

Allowing an

48° GEORGII III. Cap.tiZ,

JCLIL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Gofb Charges, and Expences of adjusting the relative Proportion of the Tythea and Rents to be paid to the said John Henry TU/ok and the Vicar of Wailin^ton , shall be borne and paid by the said John Henry Tilfon, his Heirs and Assigns.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That once in every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of the parting thereof) the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act, and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any Two or more of His Majesty's-Justices of the Peace for the County of Oxford acting for the Divisions of Oxford, Henley, or Watlington (not interested in the said Division, Allotment, or Inclosure) to be by them examined and balanced; and such Balance shall be by such Justices dated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and that no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justices: Provided always, that the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act.

XLIV. Provided always, That nothing in this or the said recked Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to revoke, make void, alter or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances out of, upon, or afteding any of the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, or Grounds to be divided, allotted, inclosed, or exchanged as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; but that the respective Persons to whom any Lands or Hereditaments shall be allotted or awarded in Exchange by virtue of this Act, shall be feii'ed thereof to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Charges and Incumbrances, and no other, and the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments whereof such Persons were feiftd or poHefted at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, or for which or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to and charged with or affected by, ip case this Act had not been made.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioners shall, when enrolled in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, be deposited in the Parish Church oiWatlington aforesaid, or in such other Place as the said Commissioners rtiall appoint.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this or the said recited Act (other than and except as to such Claims, Matters and Things as are herein-before directed or authorized to be tried, settled or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, or where any of 7 A the

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 12S. 244-5

the C lauses or Provisionfc of the said recited A&, or ol this Act) shalt exprefe that the fame shall be final and conclusive, and excepting- such Cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned), then and in every such Case he, fire, or they may appeal to the General (garter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Oxford, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners, or to the Party or Parties concerned,

Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter ^hereof; and the Justices (not interested in the Pfemifes) in their said General Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order, and to award such Coils and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Coils and Damages which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the said Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this AC contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice; Lords of alter, vary, affect, Ieffcn, abridge, diininifli, defeat, or determine any Manors* of the Rights and Interests of the Lords of the said Manors, or any of them for the Time being, in or to the Seigniories, Royalties, Rights and Services incident and belonging to the said Manors respectively; but that such Lord or Lords of the said Manors for the Time being, shall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, hold, exercise, and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Mines,

Goods and Chattels, of Felons, Fugitives, Felons of themselves,

Deodands, Waifs, Estrays, Forfeitures, and all other Royalties, Jurisdictions, Rights and Pre-eminences whatsoever to the said Manors, or any of them, or to the Lords thereof for the Time being respectively, incident, appendant, appurtenant or belonging, or in anywise appertaining (save and except such Right to the Soil of the said Open Down, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and such Rights of Common of Pasture, and other Rights of Common, and Interests, in, over, and upon the said Open Down,

Commons and Waste Grounds, for which Satisfaction or Compensation shall have been made by virtue of this Act), in as full, large, ample, and beneficial a Manner as they heretofore have held, exercised, and enjoyed the fame, in case this Act had not been made.

XLVIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs General and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Sauns* Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Ad mini stra tors (except the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made in pursuance of this Act, for and in respect of

2444

Evidence

Clause,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 128.

of such Rights and Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them), all such Right, Title, and Interest as they, every, or any of them, could or ought to have had and enjoyed m, to, and out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, in case this Act had not been made.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and a Copy thereof i'o printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justice^ and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 129.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hathersage in the County of Derby.

[18th Jum 1808.1

WHEREAS there are within the Townships or Hamlets of Hathersage, Hathersage Outfeats, and Derwent, in the Parish of Hathersage in the County of Derby, divers Open and Common Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Wastes, Moors, Commons, and other uninclosed Lands, containing by Estimation Ten thousand Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas the mod Noble William Duke of Devonshire is Lord of the Manor of Hathersage aforesaid: And whereas Ashton Ashton Shultleworth Esquire is or claims to be Lord of the Manor or reputed Manor of Upptr Padley in the Township or Hamlet of Hathersage aforesaid: And whereas the King’s mod Exceiienc Majesty, in Rig hr of His Duchy of Lancaster, is entitled to a certain Rent or Fee called Palfrey Silver, payable by the Inhabitants of Hathersage aforesaid: And whereas the said William Duke of Devonshire is entitled to the Tythes of Corn, and of Wool and Lamb* arising within the said Townships or Hamlets of Hathersage and Hathersage Outfeats, and to the Tythes of Wool and Lamb aiding within the said Township or Hamlet of Derwent, or to certain Modules in lieu thereof: And whereas the said William Duke of Devonshire is Patron of the Vicarage of Hathersage aforesaid, and the Reveiend John Cornu is Vicar of the Parish Church of Hathersage afore-['Loc. fe? Per.2 27 O laid.

2446

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

said, and entitled to certain Glebe Lands in respect thereof, and also to the Vicarial and Small Tythes within the said Parish, or to certain Modnfes or Payments in lieu thereof: And whereas Joseph Denman, Doctor of Medicine, i« Owner, and the said John Cornu is Curate of the Perpetual Curacy of Derwent aforesaid, and entitled to certain Glebe Lands in respect thereof: And whereas the said William Duke ot Devon-fi e, and Ashton Ashton Shuttleworth, and also Ularmaiuke Middleton Middletonf John Balguy, and William Longs don, Esquires; Richard Oliver, James Brightmore, George Merton, and several other Persons, are rel'pec-tively Owners and Proprietors of or otherwise interested in the said Open and Common Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Walles, Moors, Commons, and other uninclosed Lands: And whereas an Acc was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, inticuled, An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually infer ted in Acts of Inch Jure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the everal Fadls usually required on the puffing of such Acts: And whereas it would be for the Advantage of the said Owners and Proprietors, and other Persons interfiled as aforesaid, if the said Open and Common Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Wastes, M <ors, Commons, and other uninclosed Lands, were divided and incl'fed, and specifick Allotments made to the several Owners, Proprietor, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Properties Rights, and Intercfls, and a Commutation made for the Great and Small Tythes within the said Towr.ships or Hamlets; but such Division, Allotment, and InJofure, and other Purposes, cannoc be made and effected wihout the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temponl, and Commons, in this present Commission. Parliament afiVmbled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said cr8* Open and Common Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Wastes, Moors, Commons, and other uninclosed Lands, shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed in Manner herein-after mendoned; and that fames Dowland of Cuckney in the County of Nott’ngham, and John Nuttall of Matlock in the said County of Derby, Gentlemen, and their Successors to be elected and appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid, and for carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution, subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions contained in the said recited Act, except in Cafes where the lame, are hereby varied or altered.

Umpire. If* And be it further enacted, That William Gauntley the elder of

Bakewell in the said County of Derby Gentleman, and his Successor for the Time being, to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall be and he is hereby appointed to act as an Umpire touching any Difference of Opinion which shall arise between the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act; and that all such Difference of Opinion (if any shall arise) Oiail be Hated in Writing, and referred by the said Commissioners to ;he Lid William Gauntley, within Twenty-one Days next after any such Difference shall have arisen, who shall determine the fame, and deliver to the said Commissioners, or One of them, such his Determination in Writing (the Name of the said Umpire being the reto’ signed) within, Three Calendar Months from the Time any such Difference shall be referred ip him; and the Judgement and Determination of the Lid

William

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 129. £447

William Gauntley therein, in all Cafes so referred to him, shall be deemed and taken to be the Judgement and Determination of the said Commissioners; snd they the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to conform thereto; and such Determination shall be inrolled and recorded with, and in the same Manner, as the other Proceedings of the said Commissioners under this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That if the said James Dowlandor any other Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after men- missionerand tioned, shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities Umpire, hereby vetted in him, die, refuse, or become incapable of acting in the Premises, then and in every such Case and so often, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said William Duke of Devonshire, his Heirs or Assigns, by any Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, within Thirty Days next after such Death, Refusal, cr Incapacity to ad, shall be made known to him or them by Notice in Writing from the surviving or remaining Commissioner (which Notice such Commissioner is hereby required to give) to appoint One other Commissioner (not interested in the said Inclosure) in the Stead of the said James Dowland, or such other Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid; and if the said John Nutt ally or any other Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after mentioned, shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vetted in him, die, refuse, or become incapable of acting in the Premises, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for a Majority in Value (to be ascertained by the Land Tax Assessment) of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the said Open and Common Fields, Mcfne Inclosures, Wattes, Moors, Common', and other uninclosed Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or their known Agents cr Attornies, or Persons to be appointed for that Purpose by Writing under their respective Hands (except and exclusive of the said William Duke of Devonshire^ his Heirs or Allignsi, who shall be present at a publick Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose by the surviving or remaining Commissioner, within Thirty Days next after such last-mentioned Death, Refusal, or Incapacity to act as aforesaid, of which Meeting Ten Days Notice at the least shall be given in Writing by him, to be affixed on One of the most publick outer Doors of the Parish Church of Hathersage iToi-esaid, and also by Advertisement to be inferred in the Newspaper called The Derby Mercury, or in some othei Ntvvlpoper circulated in the said County of Derby, to appoint One other Commissioner (not interested in the said Inclosure) in the Stead of the said John Nuttall, or such other Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable of acting as last aforesaid; and in case the said William Duke of Devotshiret his Heirs or Assigns, or the said Parties latt aforesaid (as the Cale may be), shall at any Time make Default in appointing any such new Commissioner within Thirty Days next after the Death of any Commissioner, or his Refusal or Incapacity to ad shall be made known as aforesaid, and of which such Notice shall have been given respectively as aforesaid, then the surviving or remaining Commissioner shall and he is hereby required, from Time to Time, by Writing under his Hand, within Thirty Days next after the Expiration of the said Thirty Days allowed to the respective Parties for naming such new Commissioner as aforesaid, to appoint One other Commissioner (not interested in the said Inclosure) in the Room of any such

Commissionar

2448 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 12$.

Coir.mifTioner To dying*, refusing, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and if 'he said William Cauntby, or any Umpire to be appointed in his Stead as herein-ascer mentioned* Hiall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him, die, refuse, or become incapable of acting in the Premises, then and in every such Case One other Person as Umpire, not interested in the Lid Inclosure, shall be appointed in the Stead of the said William Gaunt ley, or such other Umpire so dying, refofing, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid, by a Majority in Value (to be ifeertained by the Land Tax AlTclTnicnt) of the Proprietors or Periods i iterelled in the said Open and Common Fields, Mdfne Inclosures, Wastes, Moors, Commons, and other uninclosed Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed (including the said William Duke of Devonshire, his Heirs or Assigns), or their known Agents or Atrornies, or Persons to be appointed for that Purpose by Writing under their respective Hands, who shall be present at a publick Meeting to be appointed for that Purpose by the said Commissioners within Thirty Days next after such last-memioned Death, Refusal, or Incapacity to act as aforesaid, of which Meeting Ten Days Notice at the lealt shall be given in Writing to be affixed on one of the moll publick outer Doors of the Parish Church of Iiatherfage aforesaid, and also by Advertisement to be inferred in the said Newspaper called The Derby Mercury, or in l'ome other Ntwfpaper circulated in the said County of Derby; and every Appointment of a Commissioner or Umpire in pursuance of this Act shall be reduced into Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons making the same;, and every new Commissioner or Umpire, to be appointed as «f.>re-said, shall have the like Powers and Authorities as if he had been named a Commissioner or Umpire in this Act.

Umpire to

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall take an oath. ge capab!e of acting as an Umpire in the Execution of this or the said recited Act, until he thall have taken and subsenbed the Oath or Affirmation following *, (that is to say),

« T do swear [or, being One of the People called Quakers,

do solemnly affirm]. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly,

according to the belt of my Skill and Ability, execute and perforin

the several Trulls, Powers, and Authorities veiled and repoled in me ‘ as an Umpire, by virtue of an Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of

Haiherfage in the County of Derby, according to Equity and good Confcitnce, and without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Partiality to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation either of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered and required coadminister; and the said Oath or Affirmation lo to be taken and subscribed by such Umpire, and also the Appointment of every new Umpire or Commissioner, shall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of the Lid Commissioners, and a Copy of the Enrolment thereof shall be admitted as legal Evidence.

Allowance to V. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Commissioners ers'and Um" anc^ ^mP*re ah°we^ ar,d paid by the said Proprietors the Sum of

pire. Two Pounds and Two Shillings, and no more, for every Day which he shall attend and be employed at any Meeting or Meetings, or in going

i* . to

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

2449

to or returning from thence, or otherwise howsoever, in executing the Powers and Authorities hereby given to them, which said Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings shall include all Expences whatsoever incurred by going to, returning from, or attending at any such Meeting or Meeting?.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to rause publick Notice to be given by Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on one of the most publick outer Doors of the Parish Church of Hathersage aforesaid, and also by Advertisement to be inserted in the said Newspaper called The Derby Mercury, or in some other Newspaper published or circulated in the said County of Derby, of the Time and Place of the First and every other Attendance for the Execution of this Act, Seven Days at the lead before any such Attendance shall be held, Attendance by Adjournment (which it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or either of them to make) only excepted: Provided always that all Attendees of the said Commissioners and Umpire in the Execut’on of this or the said recited Act't shall be held within Eight Miles of the said Parish of Haiberfage.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices ^hc[0N^tice*» necessary or requisite to be made or given by the said Commissioners shall glv^n° e

be made and given by Writing, to be affixed upon one of the mod publick outer Doors of the said Parish Church of Hatkerjage aforesaid, or by Advernfement in the said Ne*lpaper, or in fume other Newspaper published or circulated in the said County of Derby.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Roads,

they are hereby authorized and required, before they proceed to the ^hef con^ Allotments herein-after mentioned, to set out and appoint and direct, or venknees to cause to be made, erected, and completed, such publick and private and

Roads and Ways, and also sech Bridges, Banks, Ditches, Drains, Water- Commissioners couifes, and other Conveniencies, in, over, and within the said Open ihiall appoint* and Common Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Wastes, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands, intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and.

also in, over, and within any of the old Inclcfures within the said Town-ships or Hamlets, as the Lid Commissioners shall judge necessary or proper; and that as well all such private Roads and Ways, as also all Inch Bridge5, Banks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, and other Conveniencies, shall r*.ptdiveJv be made, erected, and completed, and at all Times thereafter kept in Repair in such Manner, and by such Person or Persons, and the Grass, Herbage, and Soil of such private Roads and Ways, and other Conveniencies, shall appertain and belong to such Person or Persons, and for such Purposes as the said Commissioners in and by their Award shall direct, and in the mean Time, and until their said Award shall be made and executed, as the said Commissioners, in ard by any Writing under their Hands, shall order, direct, or appoint $ and the said Commissioners shall and may order and award, issue and pay such Satisfaction and Reconipence as they shall think reasonable to any Owner or Owners of Lands or Hereditaments which may be damaged or destroyed by making or repairing any such Roads or Ways, or any such Bridges,

Banks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, or other Conveniencies" as aforesaid.

[Lee. & Per.']

97 P

*45®

1*01 Hopping up Roads.

Al'otment for

pubnck Watering Places, JcC-

Allotment 1 o His Majesty and other Persons, >n litu of Quit Rents, &c.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, with the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the Paid County, subject to Appeal as in the said recited Act is mentioned, to divert, flop up, discontinue, alter or change any old publick Carriage or private Roads or Footways, leading into, through, over, or upon the said Open or Common Fields, Mcfne Inclosures, Waites, Moors, or other uninclosed Lands, or the old Inclosures lying within the said Townships or Hamlets; and that such publick Carnage Roads as shall be so Hopped up and discontinued shall be deemed Part of the Lands and Grounds to be sold or divided, allotted, and inclosed pursuant to this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out and appoint One or more Piece or Pieces of Ground (Part of the Waites, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands, hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed) in such convenient Situation or Situations as they shall ihinK proper within the said Townships or Hamlets, rot exceeding Ten Acres in the Whole, to be used f r the Purposes of publick Watering Places for Cattle, and for getting and burning Limeilone, and also for getting Stone, Gravel, Sand, and otlur Materials for building or repairing any Houses or other Build Tigs, Bridges, Walls, Fences, Drains, Watercourses, and other Conveniences, and for repairing the Highways and Reads within the said Townships or Hamlets, and for such other Uses and Purposes for the general Benefit and Advantage of the Inhabitants of the said Town-ships or Hamlets, as the said Commissioners shall direct$ and that the Herbage growing and renewing as well in and upon the Land so to be fee out as aforesaid, as also in and upon all and every the private Lanes, Roads, and Ways within the said Townships or Hamlets, shall be veiled in such Person or Persons, and applied to such Uses as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award direct or appoint.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out, allor, and appoint unto the King's most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster> or to any other Person or Persons, such Parcel or Parcels of Land out of and from the Lid Waites, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands hereby direde^l to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to or an Equivalent for the said Rent or Fee called Palfrey Silver, or any other Rents, Quit Rents, Fee Farm Rents, or other dry or unimprovable Rents which are now respectively due and payable to the said King’s Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, in Right of His said Duchy, or to any other Person or Persons, from the Inhabitants of the said Townships or Hamlets respectively, or out of, from, or in respect of the said Wsites. Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands, or any Part thereof, or out of, from, or in respect of any MdTuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being within the said Townships or Hamlets which belong to Persons having Right of Common in and upon the said Waites, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands: Provided nevertheless, that the Lunds so to be let our, allotted, and appointed as a Compensation or Equivalent for any Rents in respect of any such Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments as Jail mentioned, shall be deducted out

8 of

245*

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

of or takejv from the several or respective Allotments of the Person or Persons who now pay, or shall or may at the lime of such Allotment be liable to pay such respective Rente.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Did Commissioners shall and 'Allat^gfar they are hereby required, in the next Place, to set 0Uu and allot unto the said Vicar of Haiherfaga ard Curate, of Derwent aforesaid respectively, and their respective Successors, such Parcels of l and Part of the said Waites, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands intended by this Act to be inclosed, as in the Judgement of the said Comnissioners shall be a full Equivalent and Compensation for their respective uninclosed Linds and Rights of Common for and in respect of the Glebe Lands to which they are severally entitled as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, in the next Place, to fee out and allot unto U1 J and for the said William Duke of Devonfoire, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Vicar of H.nberfage and his Successors, such Part or Parts of the said Waites, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands intended by this Act to be inclosed, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to One-eighth Part of the Whole of the inclosed L inds within the said Townfh'ps or Hamlets (except such Lands, Part of the said inclosed Lands, as snail be covered by any Modus or Modules in resped of which no greater Allotment or Allotment' than the Value of such Modus or Modules shall be made or allotted), and also to One-ninth Part of the Whole of the said Waster, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands within the said Town ships or Hamlets, the fame Allotments to be taken from such Part or Parts of the said Wastes, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands, intended by this Act to be inclosed, as shall in the Judgement of the said Comm:flioners be of an average Value per Acre wiih the Residue thereof j and that the said Allotments respectively shall, by the said Commissioners, be divided and allotted unto and between the said William Duke of Dtvonshire, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Vicar of hiaiherjr.ge and his Successors, in Proportion to their respective Rights and L t. lefts, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall adjudge right, and which said Allotments respectively shall be and be taken in lieu of and in lull Satisfaction of and for all Tythes both Great and Small, and Modules or other Payments in lieu of Tythes (Mortuaries, Easier Offerings and Surplice Fees excepted) arising or payable, or which might ariie or become payable within the said Townships or Hamlets, or any of them.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen that any Pro- pr:ao?s of" pnetor or Proprietors of inclosed Lands shall not have or be entitled to a efficient Quantity of Land on the said Wastes, Moors, Commons, or ncient Comi* unincloica Lands, to make Compenfution for the Tythes of his, her, or 111011 to com. their.irvclosed Lands} in Manner aforesaid, such Deficiency shall be made Tyfhe^rhe up by and out of the cti.er Part of the said Wastes, Moers, Commons, D fciency to or uninclosed Lands, and such Proprietor or Proprietors shall pay such fiowthe°P Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall adjudge reason- other Part of able, as an Equivalent for such Deficiency; which Sum "«» Sums of a,u.Mo,rn-Money shall be applied towards the Expences of carrying this Act into paid hi iieJ! Execution, and shall be levied and recovered in like Manner as Penalties

or Expences Of the Acr.

2452

48° GEORGII III. Cap-129.

or other Sums of Money are hereby and by the said recited Act directed to be levied and recovered.

G'che and

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Allotment and Allotments mentsto'bs" herein-b: fore respectively directed to be fee out and allorted to and for the King-fenced, fud William Duke of Devonshire, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Vicar of H>therfage and Curate of Derwent, in respect of Glebe L<mds, or in lieu of Tythes or other Payments in re(pe& thereof, as before mentioned and set forrh, shall (save and except on such Pa'ts and Sides thereof as the said Commissioners shall order and direct to be fenced by any of the Owners or Proprietors of Lands whose Allotments shall adjoin thereto) be Ring-fenced and fenced on each Side of any publuk Carriage Road that shall by the said Commissioners be laid our, or directed to be made or continued through the lame, with good Stone Walls of the Height of Six Feet and of the Breadth of Two Feet at the Bottom, and constructed in a substantial and workmanlike Manner, with culLmary Coping, and good Wooden Gates properly set up and hung on proper Stone Posts, in such Parts of the said Allotments as che said Commissioners shall think nectflary and direct, by and at the Expence of the respective Owners and Proprietors of Lands subject to the Payment of Tythes within the said Townships or Hamlets, in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint; and that such Walls, Fences, and Gates, shall for ever after the making the ieof be maintained and kept in Repair by the said William Duke of Devonshire, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Vicar of Hathersage and Curate of Derwent, and their Successors for the Time being respectively, so far as their respective Allotments shall extend; and that from the First Day of 'November next after the said Allo;ments for or in iieu of Tythes or Modules, and Payments in lieu thereof, shall have been allotted and fenced as aforesaid, all and all Manner of Tythes, both Great and Small, and all Modules and Payments in lieu thereof. Mortuaries, Easter Offerings and Surplice Fees excepted, as well for and in respect of the said Wastes, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as also for and in respect of the ancient Inclosure.% and all other Lands within the said Townships and Hamlets, and each and every of them, shall cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished.

Allotments to

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, after the ManorI having frt out the several Allotments herein-before directed, shall and they are hereby required to set out and alloc unco and for the said William Duke of Devoishire, as Lord of the Manor of Hathersage aforesaid, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Ashton JJhton Shut tieworthy as Lord of the Manor or reputed Manor of Upper Padley aforesaid, so much and such Parc and Parts of the then Residue of the said Walks, Moors, Common', and uninclosed Lands within the said Manors respectively, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One-eighteenth Part or Share of such Residue of the said Wastes, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands, for and in lieu of and as a full Recompence and Satisfaction for their respective Rights to the Soil of the said Wastes, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands hereby intended to be inclosed, and for their respective Consents to the Indcfuie, which said Allotment or Allotments shall contain the Stone, Flag, and other Quarries now of^n and worked upon the Commons in the said respective

Manors;

2453

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

Manors; and that the fame Allotments respt&ivdy shall be by the Lid Commissioners divided and set out unto and berween the said William Duke of D’vonshire and Ashton Ashtan Shuttle worth, their respective Heirs and Assigns, in Proportion and according to their respective Rights and Interests therein as Lords of the Manors aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enact d. That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby- required to set out and allot the Residue of the said Open and Common Field-, Mesne Inclosures, Wades, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands, hereby intended to be div.idrd, allotted, and indofed, unto, between, and amongst the several Persons who at the Time of making such Division, Allotmen', and Inclosure, shall be entitled thereto or interested therein, in Proportion co their several and respective Shares, Estates, Rights Properties, and Interests; and in m.king the federal Allotments to be made u ider and by virtue of this Act, the said Commissionen shall and they are hereby required to have due Regard to Siruation and Convenience, as well as to the Quantity and Quality of the Land to be allotted, so as that the Allotment or Allotments of each Person be laid as near together, and as contiguous to their several Dwelling and Farm Houses and Estates as conveniently may be, confidently with the general Convenience of the Parties interested in the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure: Provided always* that it shall be lawfdl for the said Commissioners, at any Time before executing their final Award, to make any such Alterations in the Allotments, or in the Fences which they may have set out and ordered, or in any of the Orders and Directions relating thereto which they may have made in pursuance of this or the said recited Act* as they may think right and expedient; and in cale any Person or Persons be injured by such Alterations, on Account of any Expences he or they may have been at, or otherwise the said Commissioners shall ascertain and determine what Recompence shall be made to him, her, or them for such Injury, and shall order and direct by whom, and in what Manner such Recompence shall be made.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to order and direct any Part or Parts of the said Wastes, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands to be left open and uninclosed, and to be marked out only with Boundary Stones, and held in Severalty as a flinred Failure or Sheepwalk, or stinted Pastures or SheepwaJks, and to be subject to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations touching the future using, flocking, and enjoyment thereof, as the said Commissioners shall think proper, and for the Advantage of the several Owners thereof, and shall in and by their said Award order and direct: P ovided nevertheless, that the said Commissioners shall and they are Ktreby required in and by their said Award, to direct and appoint how much and what Part or Parts of the Fence or Fences of such stinted Failures or Shccpwalks ihe resptdbve Proprietors shall make or maintain i.i c«tc they ilia I, at any Time 01 Times after the Execution of the said /:waui, agree to inclose the lame.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That wherever it shall happen that n 1 Proprietors than One have Land in the fame Close or Parcel of the fxelcnc inciolecf Lands within the said Townships or Hamlets, or either 01 any of them, i- shall be lawful, for the said Comnillioners, and they

[Lee. (4 fir.] 27 are

Allotment of Residue to Pioprictors.

Cotumitffioners may make any Alteration before Execution of their Award.

Black Moors may be left

Certain inclo.'ed Lands to be allotted as open Fields.

8454

4Ss GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

are hereby authorized and required in every such Case, at the Kequcfl of the Parties interfiled therein, to be signified by Writing under their respective Hands, to divide, allot, and award every such Close or Parcel of the prefenc inclosed Land, in the fame Way and Manner as if the fame were Part of the Open and Common Fields hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed.

Allotment#

XX. And be it further etva&ed, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized to assign, let out and allot unto any Ptr-cniet or other (on or ’Persons who shall or may be entitled to any Fee Farm Rents, Cl i f Rents. Rents, Quit Rents, or other dry and unimprovable Rents or Payments whatsoever, from or out of any Messuages, Cottages, Lir.ds, Tenements, or Hereditaments belonging ro any of the said Owne s or Proprietors, or Persons interested as aforesaid, and entitled to any Alotment or Alio:-ments under and by virtue of this Act, such Portion or Pontons oi ! Allotment or Allotments of such Owners or Proprietors, or P ens interested as aforesaid, as in the Judgement of the said Commissiontia shall he equivalent in Value to the Fee Simple and Inheritance of any such Rents or Payments, and in lieu of and full Satisfaction for the same.

Lands to be

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Lands and Tenure Hereditaments wh'ch shall b<- allotted by virtue of this or the said recited those in Right A ' shall be holden and shall be deemed and taken under and subjtd to al*h<y an<* t^le enure' Fenls» Fines, Customs, Heriots, and Services, Sotted/ as the Lands and Hereditaments in right or in respect of which such Allotments shall be made; and that the several Lands and Hereditaments which shall be allotted in righc or in respect of Freehold Lands or Hereditaments shall be deemed Freehold, and shall be holden as such under the fame Rents and determined by the fame Services, as the Freehold Lands and Hereditaments in right or in respect of which they shall be so allotted j and that the several Lands and Hereditaments which shall be allotted in right or in resptd of Copyhold or Customary Lands or Hereditaments within or holden of the said Manor of Hatberfage shall be deemed Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments, and shall be holden as such by Copy of Court Roll, at the Will of the Lord, according to the Custom of the said Manor of Hatherfoge, by, under, and subject to such and the like Tenure, Rents, Fines, Customs, Heriots, and Services, and shall pass by such and the like Surrenders, Admittances, or other Acts, Deeds, or Instru-ments, and by and under such and the like Rules and Orders of Descent or otherwise, as the Copyhold or Customary Lands and Hereditaments in right or in resptcl of which they shall be so allotted; and that the Quantities in Acres, Roods, and Perches, of such Copyhold or C.ufto-ma'y Allotments, with their respective Boundaries and Abuttals (where the fame can be ascertained), shall be by the said Commissioners in their said Award set forth and described j and that all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Copyhold or Customary Allotment shall be made, shall, within Six Calendar Months from the Execution of the said Award, be admitted Tenant or Tenants of the fame respectively according to the Custom of the said Manor of Hathersage, without paying any Fine on such Admission, or any other Charge than the Stamp Duties and Parchment, and the accustomed Charges and Fees of the Steward of the Court; but in case any Person or Persons, to whom such last*meationed Lands or

Hereditament*

2455

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

Hereditaments shall be To allotted, shall die without Admission within the said Six Calendar Months, then the customary Fine or Fines, Heriots, and other Payments, shall be due and payable on the Admission of the Person or Persons entitled to the said Lands and Hereditaments; and after every fitch first Admission, the Copyhold Lands and Hereditaments so to be allotted shall at all Times thereafter be holden under and subject to the fame Tenure, Fines, Duties, Heriots, and other Payments, as the Copy-hold Lands and Hereditaments in right or in respeCfc of which they shall be so allotted.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which shall Rrspectfr.g appear ro the said Commissioners to have been made at any Time within Thirry Years previous to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eight, upon the said Wastes, Moors, Common, and unin-

closed Ground*, shall be deemed Part thereof, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise touching any such Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, such Dispute shall be settled by the said Commissioners, and all such Encroachments as shall be deemed Parts of the said Wastes, Moors, Commons, and unir.-closed Lands, in case the same shall be allotted to the respective Parties who may have improved the fame, or to the said William Duke of Devon shire, his Heirs or Assigns, within the Manor of Hatberjage aforesaid, or the said Ashton Ashton Shuttleworth, his Heirs or Assigns, within the Manor of Upper Padley aforesaid, shall be valued as if in an unimproved State, and without considering the Improvements made thereupon in building or otherwise; but if such Encroachments shall be allotted to any other Person or Persons, then and in such Case the Person or Persons who shall receive the same shall pay and allow to such Person or Persons as shall or may have improved the fame such Compensation or Satisfaction, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, and by Writing under their Hands, or in and by their said Award, order and direct.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Difference or Dif- Commirnon-pute shall arise with or between any Person or Persons interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, touching their respect Claims! but live Shares, Proportions, Rights, Interests, Claims, or Demands, or relating to the Boundaries to be set out by the said Commissioners in pur- me 1 e8’ fuance of rhis or the said recited Act, the said Commissioners or Umpire shall, and they are hereby authorized and required, to hear and determine the fame: Provided, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners or Umpire to determine any Difference or Dispute touch* ing the Title of any Person or Persons in or to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners commission-or Umpire, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, coihay award Objection or Objections, Difference or Dispute, which shall be brought ° before them under and by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall fee

Cause to award any Costs or Charges to any of the Parties concerned therein, it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or Umpire, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid

to

2456 4^’ GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any such Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire shall be made by any Person or Persons wh'ife Claim or Claims, Objtdion or Objections shall or may, by loch Determination, be disallowed or overruled; and such Costs and Charges shall/and tray be levied and recovered in the same Manner as the Expences of paflr g and executing this Act are directed and authorized to be recovered.

Si-ticslo tr'

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons thlir irijht^ interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division, W n issue at Allotment and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Decei minatton of Law‘ the said Commissioners or Umpire, touching or concerning any Claim or

C'aims of the Right to the S il, or of any Right of Common or ether Right or Intere ft, in, over, or upon, or in respect of ti e laid Open and Common F elds, Mesne Idclosures, W iftes, Moors, Commons, and other uni clTd Lands, or any Part thereof, or relating to the Boundaries to be let our a afo tsaid, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating ro the Lid Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, it shall and may be lawful f r the Person or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Mutter determined by the said Commissioners or Umpire, at the First or Second Assizes then next folio wi; g to be holden for the said County of Derby; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be oifla’ sfh-d with the Determination of the said Commissioners or Un piic as aforesaid shall catife an Action to be brought on a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next alter such Determination of the said CommissioneiS or Umpire; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Act< n or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled upon or in Dispute, may be tried and determined (such Issue or Issues, in caie the Parties shall differ abour the fame, to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced); and the Verdi&or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person or Persons whomsoever (unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall fee aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had thereon, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, and also upon . ent Cause shewn to put off the Trial of such Issue, as is usual in other Ca es); and that after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained and not let aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby requred to ad in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials, and the Verdict or Verdicts to be given thereon as aforesaid: P.ovided always, that the Determination of JiUIJcJii- the said Commissioners or Umpire touching any such Claim or Claims as

Kftiffi.ners ur aforesaid, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating

finaf ^f *not* to the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, which shall not be objected duiy’obiected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting shall not in relped to and tried, therc0f (ju]y cause such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded.in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

8

3

Dr

tn

ms

rts

i«d

103

vxh let 1 a tall

iwi i a pr xn-

303

3 ur ritf fOO, for, hall

*7S

I to fio

) be

not

tftd

iifl

pi

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this or the said recited Act shall die pending the lame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if such Event had not happened.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Suie or Suits shall be commenced or prosecuted, touching or concerning the Tide of any Person or Persons to any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, in the said Townships or Hamlets, such Suit or Suits shall not impede, delay, or hinder the said Commissioners from proceeding in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by the said recited Act and this Act; but the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, shall be proceeded in notwithstanding such Suit or Suits-, and the Allotment or Allotments to which such Suit or Suits shall relate may be had and taken by the Person or Persons who, upon the Determination of such Suit or Suits, shall become entitled to the same.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and against; whom any such Action or Actions might have been brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Actiot.s shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who might have broughc iuen Action or Actions against: the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the lame within the Time so limited as aforesaid against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk of the said Commissioners with Process for commencing such Action or Actions, in the same Manner as che Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living; and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any of such Parties, except in cases of Encroachments made within the Period of Thirty Years, as herein-before mentioned; but in case the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion against the Right of the Person or Persons so in Pof-iession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon, until the Possession shall have been given up, or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or other due Course of Law.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered to direct and order all or any of the Water-couffes4;r Springs ot Water in the said Open and Common Fields, Mel'ne Ioclo.ures, Wastes. Moors, Commons, and other uninclosed Lands, or any Pait ihereof, to be diverted, turned, or varied, and to be carried and conveyed in fjch Courses, and through such Lands and Allotments as they

[Lee. Per.] 27 R

2457

If Partiea die

Pjoc--edings rot to abate#

Suits not to delay the Inclosure.

Pi orifion in case of Death of Parties before Actions brought.

Right of Possession of Persons not to be determined by Commission*

For d' vesting Water-

2458

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

shall in their Discretion think proper; provided that such Watercovlrfcs or Springs of Water shall not be diverted, turned, or varied, without the Content in Writing or the Person or Persons who may at the Time be entitled to the Benefit and Use thereof, and the Content in Writing of the Person or Persons from or into whose Lands or Grounds such Springs or Watercourtes shall be diverted, turned, or varied, carried through or conveyed as aforesaid.

Commission-

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, the Cour/eo? as ^0on a^ter Puffing of this Act as conveniently may be, by some Husbandry. Wri-ing or Writings under their Hands, to be published as herein-before directed, order and direct the Course of Husbandry that shall be uted in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds intended by this Act to be inclosed, until the Time when they shall have made and completed the said intended Division and Allotments, as well with respect to the laying down, ploughing, sowing, fallowing, and tilling thereof, as to the flocking and earing the Fallows or Stubbles, and also to the cutting of Turf, Peat, Furze, Thorns, or Bushes, getting or digging of Peat or Stone, cutting of Wood, Or doing any Injury unto or upon the Lands intended by this Act to be inclosed, and by the fame or any other Writing or Writings under iheir Hands, to be affixed upon the most'puhluk outer Door of the Ghorch of Halherfage aforesaid, upon some Sunday immediately preceding Divine Service, shall and may make such Orders and Regulations, touching the Conduct of Fanners and Tenams within the said Towr.ships or Hamlets, for preventing them from committing Waste or Destruction upon any of the said Lands and Grounds in the said Townships or Hamlets in the mean Time, and until the Allotments or Division thereof shall be effected, as to them shall teem expedient, all which Orders and Regulations of the said Commissioners shall be binding and conclusive upon ail Parties interested therein, their Farmers and Tenants ? and that the said Commit- sioners (had set and impose such pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, not exceeding Five Pounds per Acre, on every Person not conforming to such Orders and Regulations as they ffiiil think necessary, which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and for such Uses and Purposes as the Commissioners frill by any Writing or Writ.ngs under their Hands, or by their Award herein-after mentioned, direct or app >int; and the same shall be recovered and recoverable in a summary Way before any One Justice of the Peace for the said County of Derby, who is hereby authorized and required, upon Complaint made before him, to summon the Party accused, and to examine any Wimefs or Wiineftes upon Oath (to be administered by him), and to proceed to Judgement and Conviction as in Cates of a similar Nature j and if any such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be adjudged to have been incurred, then it shall be lawful for any such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Penalties to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parti, s offending, together with reasonable Costs, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels.

CcramiSloners

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall

lo much and Inch convenient Part or Parts of the said Wastes, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands, as in the Judgement of the said Conv-

missioners

2459

48° GEORGII III. Gap. 129.

missioners shall be sufficient so raise a competent Sum of Money for paying the Charges and Expences of patting and executing this Att, and to fell the Lands so let out (the Situation and Extent being by the said Commissioners first laid before a Meeting of the Proprietors or Persons interested in the said Inclosure)* >n such Manner and subjvdt to such Conditions and Regulations as by the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty is provided in that Behalf; and the Receipt or Receipts of the said Commissioner for the Purchase Money shall be a full and complete Discharge or full and complete Discharges to the Purchaser or Purchasers for the Consideration Money which shall be therein expressed to be received; and such Put chafer or Purchasers, alter such Receipt or Receipts, shall not be obliged to fee to the Application of such Purchase Money or any Part thereof, or be answerable or accountable for the Misapplication or Non-application thereof, or of any Part thereof; and after Payment of the full Purchase Money for any such Allotment or Allotments, the Purchaser or Purchasers shall thereupon respectively have and take to himself, herself, or themselves, and his, her, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, an absolute and indcfeafible Estate of Inheritance in Fee Simple of and in the Lands which shall be comprized in such his, her, or their Purchase or Purchases; and the Lid Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered either to award the said Part or Parcs of the said Wattes, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands, when fold, to the Purchaser or Purchasrrs thereof respectively, his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns for ever, in and by their said Award, and such Award shall be a good and sufficient 'Title in Fee Simple to such Purchaser or Purchasers; or other wise, if the Purchaser or Purchasers shall requett the fame, the said Commissioners shall and rhey are hereby authorized and empowered to convey in Fee Simple, by Lease and Release, made and executed by the said Commissioners to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, his, her, and rheir Heirs and Attigns, the said Allotment or Allotments, and the same shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes; and the Money arising from such Sale or Sales shall be applied by the said Commissioners in defraying the feve’ivl Charges and Expences aforesaid: Provided always, that in case the Money arising by the Sale of such Allotment or Allotments as aforesaid shall not be sufficient to defray all the Charges and Expences as aforesaid, then the Deficiency shall be made up by the several Persons interested in the said Inclosure (other than and except the said William Duke of Devonshire, his Heirs and Assigns, and the said Vicar of Hathersage and Curate of Derwent for the Time bring respectively, so far as relate to the Allotments hereinbefore directed to be made to the said William Duke of Devonshire, and to the said Vicar of Hathersage and Curate of Derwent, in respect or in lieu of Glebe Land* or Tythes), and shall be paid in such Shares and Proportions, and . within such Time or Times, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners (hill diicfl, nominate, and appoint; or in case any Expencts shall be incurred in the Execution of any of the Powers and Privisions of this Act, which ought to be borne and defrayed by any particular Pedon or Persons, and not out of any Money to be raised for the general Purposes of this Act, then the same shall be paid in such Share-, and Proportions, and by such Person or Persons, and within such Tune and to fucti Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners shall direct, nominate, or appoint: Provided always, that if there shall beany Overplus of the Money arising by such Sale, the same shall be applied in

the

The Disici*

raised by (he Proprietors*

2460 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

the Manner directed by the said recited Act, with respect to Money to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out, in the Purchase of other L nds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the fameUfes.

deduced from

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

Allotments to Commissioners, and they are hereby rtquired, in caie they ffiail be re-

Liie^o*!°r fuelled so to do by any Tenant for, Life or in Tail, or other Pcilon being

Expences/ in Possession of but not having the absolute Ellate or Interest in any Messuages, Land', Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Town-ships or Hamlets (such Rtquest being in Writing under the Harfd or Hands of such Person or Persons as aforesaidj, to feil so much of the respective Allotment or Allotments to be made to such Person or Persons in respect of such Mefliaages, Lands, Tenement', or Hereditament', as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to the respective Proportions of any Part of the Expences of obtaining and carrying this and the Lid recited Act into Execution, which such Person or Persons may be charged with, and the Expences of fencing, ditching, inclosing, and putting into a proper State for letting the Allotment or Allotments of such Person or Persons as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners shall assign, allot, and award the said Lands so to be sold tdiany Purchastr or Purchasejs thereof upon Payment of the Value of such Allotment or Allotments by him or them to the said Commissioners, who shall apply the fame in or to the Payment of such Expences, and in fencing, ditching, inclosing and putting into a proper State for letting the said Allotment or Allotments respe&ivtly: Provided always, that if there shall be any Overplus of the Money arising by such Sale, the same shall be applied in the Manner directed by the said reeked Ad with respect to Money to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses,

Leases at Rack Rent t< be void.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leases, or other Agreement at Rack Rent subsisting, of all or any Part or Parts of any Messuage, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Lid Townships or Hamlets, for any Term or Number of Years unexpired, shall, immediately upon such Allotments being made, or so soon after as the said Commissioners ffiail by their said Award direct, cease, determine, and be void, in respect of the said Open and Common Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Waites, Moors, Commons, and other uninclofcdLands, the respective Owners and Proprietors of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so in Lease as aforesaid, making such Satis-Ldion to such Ltflee or Lefties, Tenant or Tenants, as the said Commissioners ffiail direct or appoint, for or in respect of Inch Lease or Leases or other Agreements, or as an Equivalent for the lame: Provided always, that if there ffiail be any Lease of Lards, Pait of which shall lie in the said Townships or Hamlets, and Part in any adjoining Township or Hamlet, all and every such Lease or Leases at Raik Rent no.v lubfiiling may be vacated; but where such Land ffiail have been taken in exchange, the Whole of which Land ffiail be under Lease, and wholly situate in an adjoining Township or Hamlet, the Lease of such Ia'd-mentioned L3nd

ffiail

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 129; 2461

shall not be vacated: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to make void any Lease or Leases of the present inclosed Lands or vv|lere a fine Hereditaments, or of any Part or Parts of the Lands or Grounds by this lm been paid. A a directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, upon the making or Renewal whereof any Fine or Fines hath or have been paid.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where an Allot- ta

ment or Allotments of any Part of the said Open and Common fields,

Mesne Inclosores, Wastes, Moors, Commons, and other uninclosed for Lois ot Lands, shall be made for and in respect of the Rights and Interests K'Sh,s' belonging to any Person or Persons for or in respect of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Townships or Hamlets, which are held by any Tenants, or Occupiers for a Term of Years by virtue of any Lease or Agreement thereof made; and if such Tenants or Occupiers do not or shall not come to an Agreement with the Person or Persons to whom such Allotments shall be made for the Use, Occupation, and Enjoyment thereof, such Tenants or Occupiers shall not be entitled to enter upon, occupy or hold the said Allotment or Allotments, but shall nevertheh fs have and receive from the respective Owners or Proprietors thereof, such an Abatement from the yearly Rent or Rents reservad and made payable in and by such Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements, for the Remainder of the Term or Terms then to come then-in, as the said Commissioners’ shall adjudge to be a reasonable Compensation for the Loss which he or they shall sustain thereby.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Exchange! to and for the said Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Lands, may cma Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish of Ualher-sage, in lieu of ai.J in Exchange for any other Lands,. Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parish, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, Township, or Place; provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared, in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees or Attornies of or aQing for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunsticks, or under any other legal Incapacity, or who shall be beyond the Seas or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consent to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other parties confenr-ing respectively; and all and every such Exchange or Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditamems held in Right of any Church,

Chapel, or other Ecclesiastica) Benefice, without the Consent testified as aforesaid of the Pamn thereof, and of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese

[_Lx. CS3 Per.~] 27 S in

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged, shall lie or be situate: Provided always, that the Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing any Exchanges or Partitions under the Powers and Authorities in this Act and the said recited Act, or either of them contained, shall be paid and borne by the ftverai Persons, Bodies Pol tick, Corporate or Collegiate, making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

Tenants to

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Tenant changed634' and Occupier under any Lease or Agreement for any Term of Years

Lands. of any of the old Inclosures within the said Townships or Hamlets

and Parish, which shall be exchanged by virtue of this Act, shall, immediately after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, or within such further Time as the said Commissioners, shall appoint, and whereof Notice in Writing shall be given lor that Purpose, give up and r sign the full and peaceable Possession of such exchanged Lands to the Person or Persons to or with whom the same shall be respectively exchanged, such rdpcdlive. Tenants and Occupiers receiving from the said respective Owners and Proprietors of such exchanged Lands such Satisfaction as the said Commissioners shall ascertain, order, direct, or appoint to be paid to such Tenant or Tenants respectively on account thereof, or as an Equivalent for the Loss or Lcffes he, she, or they shall respectively sustain thereby 5 and if the Money so to be afteriained as aforesaid shall not be paid to the Person or Persons entitled to receive the same, within Three Calendar Months after Demand made thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, to raise and levy the same for the Use of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, can or may be raised or recovered.

Proprietors

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful lot nen'rs'be" for any ^cr^oR cr Perf°RS shall he entitled to any Allotment or Allot-fore ,he E\e- ments under or by virtue of this Act, in Fee Simple, to give, grant, bar-AwSVand6 gam» demise, mortgage, limit, devise, convey, allure, and dispose Se^Ri^ht of the fame, or all or any Part of his, her, or their Estate and Interest of Co 1 mi on, therein, or Right thereto, at any Time before the Execution of the said tUir<otherm Award of the said Commissioners-, and every such Gift, Grant, Bargain, Property. Sale, Demile, Mortgage, Limitation, Assurance, Devise, Conveyance, 2nd Disposition thereof, shall be of the fame Force and Validity as if made after the Execution of the said Award; and also that it shall and may be lawful for any of the Owners or Proprietors of any Common Right upon the Wastes, Moors, Commons, and unincloled Lands hereby dnedtd to be divided, allotted, an 1 inclosed, to fell and difpnle of the* fame, or of the Allotment or Allotments to be made or set out in respect thereof by virtue of this Act, frparate and distinct from the Estate in Right of which lie or she is entitled to such Allotment or Allotments, in such Manner as he or flic might have done at any Time after the Execution of the said Award and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to award all and every such Allotment or Allotments which shall be fold and disposed of, or be made and set out in lieu of auy Common Right so sold or disposed of, to the

Purchaser

2462

Expences of Exchanges, hvw to be borne.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 129. 24.63

Purchaser of Purchasers thereof, or other Person or Persons, who shall be entitled to the fame by virtue of any such Sale or Disposition.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Mortgages Persons to whom any Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, shall be made af'

by virtue of this or the said recited A&, as a Security for any Sum or Sums by him, her, or them lent and advanced on the Credit of and for the Purposes mentioned in this Act or the said recited Act, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, shall and may from Time to Time, by any Deed or Deeds, Surrender or Surrenders, Writing or Writings under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to be executed in the Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, assign, and transfer the fame Security or Securities, or the Principal Money and Inter eft thereby secured, and all Benefit and Advantage thereof, and all his, her, or their Estate, Right, Title, or Interest, and Term of Years then to come and unexpired, of, in, and to the fame, unto any Person or Persons whomsoever, who may again in like Manner aiTIgn the fame, and io toties quoties; and such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, and all Persons claiming under him, them, or any of them, shall and may ule, take, and pursue all such lawful Methods, Courses, and Expedients, in Law or Equity, for recovering or obtaining Possession of the Premises so mortgaged, demised, or assigned as aforesaid, in case of Non-payment of the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, or any Part thereof, as is or are, or can or may be used, taken, and pursued, in Cafes of Money due upon Mortgage in general.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Money Mortgages* charged upon Copyhold Lands within the said Manor of Ilatberfage shall beSadeln10 be secured by Mortgage or Mortgages, or Alignments thereof, in the the Lord's Court of the Lord of the said Manor of Hatberfage> according to the Courr-Custom of the fame Manor; and on such Mortgage or Mortgages, or Alignments thereof, the customary Fine shall be paid to the Lord of the said Manor of Hatberfage, with all the customary Court Charges and Fees usually paid to the Steward on such Occasions.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sale and Sales made S.iles to be in by any Person or Persons in pursuance of this or the said recited Act of the Lor«'» any Allotment or Allotments, where the same shall be in respect of Copy- Court* hold Property within the said Manor of Hatherfagey shall be made by the customary Surrender and Admission in the Court of the Lord of the said Manor of Hathersage, on which the customary Fine shall be paid to the Lord of the fame Manor, and also the usual Court Charges and Fees to the Steward thereof on such Occasions shall be paid.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein No settle contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed, adjudged, or taken to ment, win, revoke, make void, alter or annul any Settlement, Deed or Will, or to ?c;t,jbe prejudice any Person or Persons having or claiming any Jointure, Dower ’ Portion, Rent Service, Mortgage, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance in’ out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands and Grounds to be divided’ allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid, or any Lands, Tenements, or Her-ditaments, which shall be exchanged or divided by virtue of this Act or the

2464 48‘ GEORGII HI. Cap. 12$.

the said recited Act, or any Parc or Parcel thereof respectively, but that the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be assigned, allotted, exchanged, or divided as aforesaid, shall, immediately after making such Allotments, Exchanges, Partitions, or Divisions respectively, be, remain, and enure, and be held and enjoyed; and the several Persons to whom the same shall be assigned and allotted, or given in Exchange, shall from thenceforth hand and be seised and poficiTcd thereof respectively to such and the fameUfes, and to and for such and the fame Estates, and with and under such and the fame Powers and Authorities, and subject to the fame Wills, Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Provisions, Remainders, Reversions, Mortgages, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the several Messuages, Lands, Grounds, and Common Rights, in lieu or in respect whereof such Allotments and Exchanges shall be made, now (land limited or liable to, or would have been liable to in cale this Act had not been made.

M^ney ad-

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall repaid withe advance any Sum or Sums of Money lor defraying the Expences of Interdt. obtaining and passing this Act, or of carrying the fame and the said recited Act into Execution, every such Person or Persons shall be repaid the lame, with Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out of the first Monies that shall be raised or received by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act for defraying such Expences.

Award to be

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the deposited. said Commissioners, when inrolled in Manner directed by the said recited Act, shall be deposited and kept in the Chest belonging to the Parish Church of Hatberfage aforesaid, where the other Writings belonging to the said Parish are usually kept, in order that all Persons interested in the said Inclosure may have Recourse thereto at all seasonable Times.

Extrafv from

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby recE‘ired» within Three Calendar Months after the Exe-AUormtnr to cution of the Award, to make an Extract on Parchment under their be iraBsmitted Hands of so much thereof as shall contain an accurate Description of the to the Uuc y Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to His laid Majesty, together with such Regulations or Provisions relative to such Allotment or Allotments, or to any other Rights or Interests of His said Majesty, as may be contained in such Award; and shall annex to such Extract a Map or Plan of such Allotment or Allotments, and transmit the same to the Clerk of the Council of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being.

Comroiffion-

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That once at leaf! in each and every ers Accounts ytar during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from Sforeajuf. the Day of the passing thereof; the said Commissioners shall and they are tice. hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all

Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for rhtir own Trouble and Expences, in the Execution of this and the said recited Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the

Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Derby, to be by him or them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such

Justice

4.5" GEORGII III. Cap. 129. 2465

Justice or Justices dated in the Books of Accounts to be kept in the Office of 1 he Clerk to the said Commissioners*, and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the fame shall have hem duly allowed by such Justice or Justices.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Proprietors shall pay Proprietor* their own Expences when they attend the said Commissioners at any of ^n^xp^nces. their Meetings to be holden for putting this Act into Execution.

XLVflI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pur- session*. f ance of this or the said recited Act (other than and except such Claims,

Matters, and Things as are herein*before directed or authorized to be ascertained, settled, tried, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, or where by any < f the Provisions of the said recited Act or of this Act:, the Determinations of the said Commissioners are directed to be final and conclusive), then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Derby, whhin Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Con plaine shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners and to the Paity or Parties concerned Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the justices (not interested in the Premises) in their said General Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Costs and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of toe Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant,

Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to ail Parties concerned, and Hull not be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Pr< eels whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elfcwherej but in case such App al shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs tube p id by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Right of this Act contained Audi bar, prejudice, leffien, or defeat the Rights Milunsre-Tul s, and In erects, which the said William Duke of Devonshire, o^any served' of His Majesty's Subjects, now have and enjoy, or shall or may hereafter claim have and enjoy, of digging for, searching, working, and carrying or Mines of Le?d Ore, and taking and enjoying such Lead Ore, in upon, and t of all the said Commons, Moors, and Walk Grounds within the said Town ships or Hamlets intended to be divided, allotted and inciokd as aforesaid; but that all and every His Majesty's Subjects shall from henceforth for ever hereafter have and enjoy such Riohts of Min ig I or Load Ore, and use and exercise such Liberties and Privileges in respect thereof, in and throughout all and every Part of the Lid Open and C mn on Fields, Mesne Inclosures, Wastes, Moors, Commons and on nclosed I amis, intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as afore-[_Loc. Cl" Per.'] 27 r ' " faic)>

24-66 4* GEORGII III. Cap. 129.

said, in as ample and extensive a Manner as they have hitherto of Right enjoyed and exercised the fame, making Satisfaction lor any Damages that shall be done thereby; any Thing herein contained to the conn ary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Savng R>gnt L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this the Ma-5 Act contained shall prejudice, IcfiVn, or defeat the Right, Title, or nor*, Interefi: of the said William Duke of DtvonJl:irey his H irs or Assigns,

Lord or Lo ds of the Lid Manor of Hatherfnge, or the said Ashton Ashton Shuttleworth, his Heirs or AITigns, Lord or Lords of the said M«nor or reputed Manor of Upper Padley, of, in, or to the Seigniories and Royalties incident or belonging to the said Manors, 'or either of them reflectively; but that such Lord or Lords for the Time being shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter hold and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, Perquifkes, and Profits of Courrs, Beds, and Quarries of Limestone, Waifs, Estrays, and all other Royalties, Jurisdictions, Pre-eminences, and Privileges whatsoever to the said Manor incident, appendant, belonging, or appertaining (other thin and except the Right of the Soil of the said Wastes, Moors, Commons, and uninclosed Lands, for which a Compensation is hereby before directed to be made), in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame might or could have been held and enjoyed in cale this Atl had not been made.

General 1,1. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs

Rights,0^ anc^ Successors, and to all and every other Peifoi or Persons, Body or Bodies Pdirick, Corporate or Collegiate, his, her, and their Hci^s, Successors. Executors, and Administrators respectively (other than and except the several Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, co whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land or other Compilation shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotment or Allotments, or Compensation, shall bemad', his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Adnunillra-tors, and Assigns, and except such other Rights and interests as the Intent and Purpose of the Division, Allotment, and Inclosure hereby authorized shall absolutely require to be barred, destroyed, or extinguished, by virtue of this Act), all such Effaces, Rights, Titles, and Interests, as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed of, in, ro, or out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, before the passing of this Act, or could, might, or ought to have held or enjoyed, in cale this Act had not been made.

Act to be

LII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the

primed by Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and a Copy thereof fa Printer?* printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO OUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 130.

An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Chertsey and Manor of Chertsey Beomond, in the County of Surrey. [ I 8til June 1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Chertsey and Manor of Chertsey Beomond, in the County of Surrey, certain Open Common Arable Fields, and a certain Open Meadow called Chertsey East Mead, and also several Commons and Waste Lands within d and belonging to the said Manor, containing together Two Thousand

Acres or thereabouts: And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is Lord of the said Manor of Chertsey Beomond,

: and as such is entitled to the Right of Soil of the said Commons and

Waste Lands: And wheieas Sir Joseph Maubcy Baronet, is Impropriate Re£tor of the Redloty, and also-Patron of the Vicarage and Patifa Church , of Chertsey aforesaid, and as such is ftifed cfand entitled unto the whole of the Great an’d to reitain Paits of the Smail Tythes to the said Rectory belonging , and the Reverend 'Thomas Charles May Clerk, is Vicar of the Parish Church cf Chertsey aforesaid, and as such is entitled to a Vicarage House and to the Vicarial Tythes arising and accruing from certain Lands and Grounds within live laid Manor: And whereas His laid Majesty, ar.cl the Right Honourable lltnry Lord Montfort, the Right Honourable Lord Petre, and the said Sir J'feph Ma ivbey, and George Holme Sumner, Henry [Loc. Per.2 27 U Chawner,

2470

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 130.

Chawner% and Rolen Kirkpatrick Efcott Esquires, and fever a 1 other Persons* are Owners and Proprietors of the said Open Common Arable Fields and Open Meadow Land, and of divers Messuages, Lands, Tencmencs and Hereditaments within the said Manor, and in respect thereof or otherwise are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Lands: And whereas an Act was passed /n the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidcting into One certain Provisions vfually infer ted in Aids of Jndofure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the everal Pads usually required on the faffing of such Acts: And whereas the Lands and Grounds of the respective Proprietors in the said Open Common Arable Fields, and in the said Open Meadow called Chertsey East Mead, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the fame and also the said Commons and Waste Land* in their present State are incapable of much Improvement, and it would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested if the said Open Common Arable Fields were divided and inclosed, and the said Meadow divided, and specific Parts thereof allotted by Metes and Bounds to the several Proprietors thereof, in Proportion to their resptdive Property therein j and if the said Commons and Waste Lands were divided and inclosed, and specific Parrs thereof allotted to the several Persons interested according to the ir respective Rights therein; and if Allotments were made in lieu of the Tythes of the said Open Common Arable Fields and Open Meudow, Commons and Waste Lands, in Manner hrrein-afeer mentioned: But such Division, Allotment and Inclosure cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty* by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Abraham Purfhouse Driver of Kent Road in the County Commission- of Surrey, John Boswell of the Borough of Southwark, in the same County, and Thomas Crawler of Cohbam% in the same County, Gentlemen, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after directed, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open Common Arable Fields, Open Meadow, Commons and Waste Lands, and for putting this Act in Execution, in ihe Manner and subject to the Rules, Orders, and Directions herein mentioned and contained, and subject also to the Regulations of the said recited Act (except in such Cases where the fame is hereby altered or varied ;) and that all Acts, Matters, Two Commif- and Things, authorized or necessary to be done and executed by the said act]CrS Commissioners for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, may be done and executed by any Two of them, and the lame shall be as valid and effectual as if such Acts, Matters and Things, had been done and executed by all the Commissioners herein nominated and appointed, or their Succdfors.

Appointment

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said Alraham Purfhouft rsT* Driver, or any Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead *s herein-aficr mentioned, shall die, or rtfufe to ad, or become incapable of acting as a Comm fliuntr in the Execution cf this Act, before all the Powers and Authorities hereby teposed in the said Commissioners shall be fully executed and performed, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for His Majesty

or

247*

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 130.

Or His Successors, Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, within One Calendar Month next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall be signified to the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue for the Time being, by the remaining Commissioners or either of them, to elect and appoint a new Commissioner (not interested in the said Inclosue) in the Room of the said Abraham PurfJoeufe Driver, or such Commissioner so dying, refilling, or becoming incapable of acting* and that if the said John Boswell, or any Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead . s hereinafter mentioned, shall die, or refuse to ad, or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, before all the Powers and Authorities hereby reposed in the said Commissioners shall be fully executed and performed,-then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Sir Joseph Mawbey, or the Rector for the Time being of the Impropriate Redtqry of the Parish Church of Chertsey aforesaid, within One Calendar Month next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall be figmfied to him the said Sir Joseph Mawbey, or to his Successors Impropriate Rectors as aforesaid, by the remaining Commissioners, or either of them, to elect and appoint a new Commissioner (not interested in the said Inclosure) in the Room of the said John Boswell, or such Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable of acting; and that if the said Thomas Crawtery or any Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead, as hereinafter mentioned, shall die, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, before all the Powers and Authorities hereby reposed in the said Commissioners shall be fully executed and performed, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the major Part in Value of the Proprietors of or Persons interested in the said Open Common Arable Fields, Open Meadow, Commons, and Waste Lands, so directed to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid (except the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being, and the said Sir Joseph Mawbey, and his Successors Rectors as aforesaid) who shall be present at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose within Two Calendar Months after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall be signified to them the said Proprietors by the remaining Commissioners or either of them, from Time to Time to elect and appoint a new Commissioner (not interested in the said Inclosure) in the Room of the said Thomas Crawtery or such Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable of acting, of which last mentioned Death, Refusal, or Incapacity, and Meeting, Ten Days Notice at least in Writing shall be affixed upon the most public outer Door of the Parish Church of Chertsey aforesaid, before such Meeting; and that every such Election and Appointment of a new Commissioner shall be reduced into Writing, and signed by the Person or Persons making such Election and Appointment, and shall be delivered to the remaining Commissioners or Commissioner; and in case the said respective Parties or either of them shall make Default in appointing any such new Commissioner as aforesaid, then the remaining Commissioners or Commissioner for the Time being shall and rhey and he are and is hereby required from Time to Time, by Writing under tueir Hands, or his Hand, within Ten Days afeer the Expiration of the Time allowed to the said respective Parties for naming such new Commissioner or Commissioners by them respectively as aforesaid, to appoint one other Commissioner (not interested in the said Inclosure) in the Room of such Commissioner lo dying, nfufing to act, or becoming incapacitated; and every

2472

Cammlflion* era Clerk.

Allowance t' Commission

Commissioners and Proprietor* Ex-pemces.

ConrniCioners to give Notice of Meetings.

48‘ GEORGII Iir. Cap. 130.

every such new Commissioner To to be appointed, shall have th." Iikd Powers and Authorities for putting this Act in Execution in all rtfpcfts whatsoever, as the Commissiontr in whose Place he shall have been appointed was inverted with.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners rtiall have Power and they are hereby authorized to appoint some fit and proper Person or Persons to be their Clerk or Clerks for assisting them in carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution , and such Clerk or Clerks from Time to Time to remove, and nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person or fit and proper Persons to succeed him or them in such Office, as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet.

IV. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid to each and every of the said Commissioners the Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings for each and every Day’s actual Attendance touching the Execution of this Act, and no more,.and that no Commissioner shall require or be entitled to receive any Fee, Reward, or Gratuity whatsoever, except the said Sum of Three Pounds and Three Shillings per Day; and that at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, the said Commissioners shall pay their own F.xpences; and that the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents rtiall pay their own Expences, when they or any of them shall attend the said Commiinoners at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act; and that the Surveyor and Clerk appointed and to be appointed by the said Commissioners, shall be paid such Sum or Sums of Money, per Day or otherwise, for their respective Fains and Trouble in attending the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, as to the said Commissioners shall seem just and reasonable: Provided always, that in case only one of the said Commissioners rtiall attend any Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, so that the Business of the Inclosure cannot then be proceeded in, then and in such Case such Commissioner shall not be paid any Sum of Money for such his Attendance.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall give or cause public Notice to be given in Writing under their Hands specifying the Time and Place of their First and every subsequent Meetings for executing this and the said recited Act, to be affixed on the principal Outer Door of the P.irish Church of Chertsey aforesaid, and also by Adver-lilement to be inserted in the Newspaper called The County Chronicle, or in some other Newspaptr circulated in the said County of Surrey, Fourteen Days at least before any such Mteting shall be holden (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and it shaft be lawful for the said Commissioners to adjourn their Meetings from Time to Time as they rtiall fee Occasion for the Execution of this Act; and if only v,ne Commissioner shall be present at any such Meeting, ir shall be lawful for such Commissioner to adjourn such Meeting from Time to Time until Two Commissioners shall be present, and the Commisfiorier making such Adjournment is hereby required forthwith to give Notice thereof to the absent Comm ifioners; provided that no such Adjournment shall be made for a longer Space of Time than Three Calendar Months j and all the Meerings of the said Com-nvftioners rtiall be held at Chertsey, or at some other Place within the Distance of Eight Miles of the Boundary of the said Parish.

9 VI. Provided

f*pet Kji» C hi

*0 5;

*® in

i Th:« Eet» quite;

i tictpt ‘ rh« at uSoness r Auor. f thtm held ii d i3d i: or Sums rouble in is ro the rsjs, 1# Brsiie t cant dull co:

reifying mgs for prnncipai rid«-mikcr buried 5)’Ad* ffioncri Ccasion be^rc- toad-n to! kM

ianrJIi

;:«d

‘Co®

iiJIltf

irided

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 130. 2473

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices other Notice, necessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Coinmifliohers, "n" shall be so made and given by Advertisemebts in the said Newspaj er

called The County Chronicle, or In feme other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Surrey.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute or Diffe- Commifnon* rence shall arise between any of the Parties intereded or claiming to be £>jfpUtes. intereded in the said Division, Allotment or Inclosure, touching or concerning the respective Rights or Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the fame, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment or Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to examine into, hear, and determine the lame: Provided always, that nothing in this or the said recited Act contained, shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims,

Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of the said recited Act\ or this Act, fee Cause to award any Cods, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, aflels, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Colls and Charges shall neg-Ic&or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then, and in such Case it shall be lawful (or the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Perform or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons fonegleding or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels diall have been so didrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons inter- Allowing eded or claiming to be intended in the said intended Division, Allotment JSrRihw* or Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Com- by ani^ue at missioners, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of any Right of Law* Common, or other Rights or Intereds, in, over or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and mcloled, or any

Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a J rial at Law of the Ma<ter so determined by the said Commissioners, ac the then next or at the following Aflizeb to be holden for the said C vunty ot Surrey, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Cor peace, who shall be dissatisfied with the Dtterminat on fif the f "d C >miTi dinners, diall cause an Action to be brought upon a \l$c. Ss9 Per.'} 2j X feigned

2474 4«' GEORGII III. Cap .1%c.

feigned Issue against the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, in whose Favour such Determinat on shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Mire or Blues, whereby such Claim or Claims and the Right or Right9 thereby infilled upon may be tried and determined, such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the la d Action O! Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame; and the Verdidor Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Perfbhs whomsoever, Body or Bodies Corporate or Collegiate; unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall fei afidc such V. raid or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cafes; and after such Vrrdid or Verdicts shall be obtained and not set aside by the Courr, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to ad in Confi tn ty thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims the-eby dete mined, a cording to the Event of such Trial o' Trials: P o-Determim- videff always, that the Determination of the said Comm.(Tuners, touching tion of com- such L him r Claims of any Right of Common or other Rights or Imercfts befoul* ° *n’ over» or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and mrloftd, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being objrded to, the Party or Parties objeding not causing such Action at L<.w to be brought and proceeded in 3S aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties: Provided also, that no such Difference, Action, or Proceeding as aforesaid, nor any Difference, Action, or Proceeding, touching the Title to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall impede or delay the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, but the Division anti Inclosure hereby directed to be made shall be proceeded in notwithstanding such Difference, Action, or Proceeding.

Suit snot to X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Death of any

abate on the of the Parties, pending any such Issue under or by virtue of this Act shall Parties?* *n now>fe abate the fame, but that every such Blue shall be proceeded in, finally heard and determined, in such Manner as if no such Event had happened.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and against: whom any such Action or Actions might have been brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Bwdies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought such Action or Actk ns against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the fame within the Time so limiced as aforesaid, against such Person or Persons as it actually living, and to serve the Clerk of the said Commissioners with Process for commencing such Action or Actions, in the fame 8 Manner,

In Cafra of Deaths of Panies before Actions brought, the same to be carried on and defended in their

4S* GEORGII III. Cap. 11,0. 2475

Manner a? the Party or Parties might have been served there ith if living; and it shall therein also be incumbent on the He r or Heirs, or ot her Person or Persons who Oiall claim the B-nefit of such Determination ac ifore-fai-j, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons lo dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living; and the Rights of ail Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing i,n this p^JnVn not Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioners to determine tobemoleited any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any of such Par-

ties, except in Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of Thirty Years, as herein-after mentioned j but in case the said Commissioners Hull be of Opinion against the Rights of the Person or Persons so in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon, until the Possession shall have been given up by or recovered from such Person or Persons by Fjtftment, or other due Cuurfc of Law.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment and they are hereby authorized and required, in therirft Place, to set out

and appoint one or more Piece or Pieces of Ground within the said Manor, Out. c not exceeding Ten Acres, being Part of the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted and inclosed, in such convenient Place or Places as they shall think proper, for a public Pit or Pits to get Gravel Irorn, and other MarerLls for making and repairing the Roads and Ways already made or to be set ou: by virtue of the said recited Act and chis Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the said Com- Power to turn missioners that any ancient Footway or Path in, through, or over any of any FootwaJr* the ancient inclosed Grounds within the said Manor, cr in, through, or

over any of the Common Arable Fields or Open Meadow Land aforesaid, shall, by reason of the intended Division and Inclosure, or otherwise* become or be found by them to be unneedfary to the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Chirtfey, or inconvenient or injurious to such ancient inclosed Ground or Common Fields, or Meadow Land aforesaid, then and in any such Cals it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required (if they shall think proper so to do, but not otherwise) by and with the Concurrence in Writing of any Two Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County (subject to Appeal as in the said recited Act is mentioned) to flop up or turn such ancient Footway or Path; and if it shall appear to the said Commissioners that any Compensation ought to be made by the Owner of such ancient inclosed Grounds for whole Accommodation any ancient Footway or Path may be flopped up or turned as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to ascertain and receive the same, and apply it towards the general Purposes and Expences of this Act; and the said Commissioners are hereby directed to set forth in their Award, herein-after mentioned, a Defqription of such Footway or Path so flopped up or turned; and that from and after the Execution of the said Award, or at such earlier Time

2+7& 48' GEORGII III. Cap. 130.

as the said Commissioners shall direct, the said Compensation (if any) first duly paid, such Footway or Path shall be anti is hereby declared to be discontinued, and from thenceforth it (hill not be lawful for any Person or Persons to make use of the lame or an) Part thereof, any Thing herein or in the said recited Act contained to the contr.iry notwithstanding: Provided always, that no Footway leading through any inclosed Ground shall be turned into any other inclosed Ground, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof respectively in Writing under their Hands.

iccntf1'0*1*

XV. And be it further enacted, That all Inclosures and Encroachments which have been made upon or taken f*om the said Commons and Waste Lands (save and except such as have been peaceably and quietly enjoyed for the 5pjee of T hirty Years Lftp-ft or upwards, without any Interrup-ti jn or Payment of any A knowlcdgCment, and except such as have already been granted by Copy of Court Roll) shall be denied Part and Parcel of the said Commons and Waste Lands lo to br divided, allotted and nclosed; and in cafr any Difference or Dispute shall atife touching any such Inclosures or Encroachmencs being deemed Pa:t or Parcel of the said Commons and Waste Lands, such D fference or Dispute shall be examined into and determined by the said Commissioners.

To be allotted

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com-

Foffcflioi?8^" m‘^oners shall and they are hereoy required, in all Cafes where the fame can be done without Prejudice or Inconvenience to the Occupier of the adjoining Messuages or Lands, to assign and alloc all and every such Encroachments to the Person or Persons who shall at the Time of making the said Allotments be in the Puffelfion of such Encroachments, or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof, as the Whole or Parc of the Share or Proportion of the said Commons and Waste L:nds to which such Person or Persons will be entitled by virtue of this Act, without considering the Value of any Erections thereon or Improvements made thereto; and if such Person or Persons shall not be entitled to any Allotment under this Inclosure equal to the Value of such Encroachments, but shall be willing to purchase the fame, then the said Commissioners shall (where the lame can be done without such Prejudice or Inconvenience as aforesaid) ascertain the Price thereof, or of such Part thereof as shall exceed the Rights of such Possesso or Possessbis thereof in respect of any other Property as aforesaid; in ascertaining of which £rice the said Commissioners shall nut value ;he Buildings or other Improvements thereon, but shall value the Land only, and that at so much Money per Acre as the same shall in their Estimation be worth, having Reference to the Waste next adjoining; and upon such Person or Persons paying such Price per Acre to the said Commissioners at such Time or Place as they shall for that Purpose appoint, and taking their Receipt or Receipts for the fame, every such Encroachment, or such Part thereof as shall be so purchased, and also all Buildings and Improvements thereon, shall thereupon become by virtue of this Act veiled in such Purchaser or Purchasers, and his and their ;espective Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, without any further or other Conveyance, Assurance, Instrument or Writing whatsoever; and the said Commissioners shall apply such Purchase Monies as Part of the Monies to be raised as herein-after mentioned for defraying the Expences

ot

2477

48° GEORGII III. Cdpj 130*

of obtaining and patting this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution; and from and after such Allotment and Payment of the Confederation Money for the Purchase of such Encroachments as aforesaid, all Rent Charges and other Sum or Sums of Money heretofore payable for or in respect thereof, Hull for ever thereafter eeafe, be extinguished, and no longer payable.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment for and they are hereby authorized and required to let out, allot, and award unto and for the said Sir Joseph Mawbey, and his Succfcflors Impropriate and Vicar Redors, and unto and for the said Thomas Charles May, and his Successors Vicars as aforesaid, according to their several and respective Rights and Interestsfor and in lieu of and as a full Compensation for their respective Tythes both Great and Small, and all Modules, Cnmpositions, and other Payments in lieu of Tythes, and all other ecclesiastical Dues and Payments whatsoever (except Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and Surplice Fees) growing, arising, accruing, ifiiiing, or payable, in, ou: of, from, and upon the said Open Common Arable Fields, and Open Meadow,

Commons and Waste Lands, hereby intended to be divided and allotted or inclosed, such several Plots, Parcels, or Allotments of the fame Lands and Grounds rdpedively, as shall in the Judgement of the said Comaiil-sioners be equal in Value to One Fifth of the said Open Common Arable Fields, and One Ninth Part of the said Open Meadow, Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manor which shall remain after the several public and private Roads, the Allotments for the Repairs of Roads, and the Allotment for the Use of poor Occupiers, to be lit out and allotted in pursuance of this or of thejsaid recited Act, shall be deduded therefrom.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allonnents^ and may with the Content of the said Sir Joseph Mawbey or his Successors and vicar in Impropriate Redors as aforesaid, and of the said Thomas Charles May, lieu of or his Successfors, Vicars, as aforesaid, and of the Owners of any ^indorSe* old Inclosure# within the Manor aforesaid, to be signified in Writing with Consent under their respective Hands set out and allot to the said Sir Joseph Mawbey of Pamcl* as Impropriate Rector of the Rectory of Chertsey aforesaid, and his Successors Redors as aforesaid, and to the said Thomas Charles May, and his Successors Vicars as aforesaid, such Plots or Parcels of the said new Allotments or old Inclol'ures within the said Manors, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equalsin Value to One Fifth of the old inclosed Arable Lands and Grounds, and to One Eighth of the old inclosed Meadow and Pasture Lands belonging to every such Owners thereof, and such Allotment or Allotments so set out and allotted to the said Sir joseph Mawbey and his Successors Improprjatg Redors, and to the said Thomas Charles May, and his Successors Vicars as aforesaid, shall be and be deemed and taken to be in full Satisfadiort and Compensation to the said Sir Joseph Mawbey, and his Successors Redors, and to the said Thomas Charles May, and his Successors Vicars as aforesaid, for the Great and Small Tythes anda!lotherbcelefiafticalDuesanilPiyment$whatsoever(Mortuaries,

Easter Offerings, and Surplice Fees excepted) arising, happening, and increasing, or renewing within, upon, out of, or from all such old Inclosures within the said Manor lor which Allotments shall have been made j>f. Isf. Per.] i7T in

2478

48° GEORGII III.

Cap. 130.

in lieu of Tythes as aforesaid; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be divided, let out, and allotted to and between the said Sir JcfephMawbey and his Successors Impropriate Rectors as aforesaid, and the said Thomas Charles May, and his Successors Vicars as aforesaid, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be equal in Value to and a just Compensation for the several and respective Rights and Interests of the said Sir Joseph Mawbey, and his Successors Impropriate Re&ors as aforesaid, and the said Thomas Charles May, and his Successors, Vicars as aforesaid, in and to the Great and Small Tythes arising, happening, increasing, or growing due, within, upon, out of or from the said old Inclosures of every such Owner so exonerating the fame from Tythes as aforesaid.

Se LortTof0 And be it further enacted, That the said Comm ill) oners shall and the Manoi for they are hereby required, after setting out such Roads and Gravel Pits KightofSoil. as aforesaid, and the Allotment herein-after given for the Use of poor Occupiers, and the said Tythe Allotment, to fee out, allot, and award unto and for the King’s most Excellent Majesty, as Lord of the Manor aforesaid, One Sixteenth Partof the Remainderof the Commons and Waste Lands lying within the Manor aforesaid, inlicuof and as aRecompence for his Right as Lord of the Manor aforesaid to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands, exclusive of the Allotments of Lands to be allotted to His said Majesty in lieu of His Right and Interest in the said Commons and Waste Lands in respect of the several Messuages, Cottages, Demesne Lands, and other Lands belonging to His laid Majesty within the said Manor.

XX. And whereas it is intended to give and allow to such Poor as are real and true Occupiers of Cottages within the said Manor of Chertsey th ui'e of the ^eomona Share and Interest of and in the said Commons and Waste Lands Poor for°everC 'n resped of their Occupation thereof and Residence therein only, as herein after mentioned; be it therefore further enabled, That the Lid Commissioners shall and they are hereby requiredto fetout andallot so much and such Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be inclosed, not exceeding Fifty Acres thereof, in one or more Piece or Parcels, as the said Commi (hone rs shall think proper, which said Piece or Parcels of the said Commons and Waste Land so to be fee out and allotted shall be and remain to and for the Use of the real and true Occupiers only of Cottages (landing and being within the said Manor, the Yearly Rent of which shall not exceed Five Pounds, and having no other House and Place of Residence; and such Occupiers for the Time being shall atall Times afterwards have the foie and exi lufive Right of using the said Piece or Parcels of the said Commons and Waste Lands so to be let out and allotted for the Purpose of Pasture, and of cutting Turf, Furze, and Heath for Fuel, in equal Propottions, according to the Number of the said Houses and Cottages without paying any Thing for such Use; and when and so. soon as the said Allotment shall be assigned and set out, the same shall respectively be and become vested in the Minister, Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Chertsey for the Time being, and their Successbis, and in all the Landholders of One hundred Pounds per Annum, to be for that Purpose respectively chosen at Vestries to be

held

The said Allotments veiled in Trustees for

2+79'

4S# GEORGII III. Cap. 130.

held at Easter, in every Year, who ora Majority of them fho.il have full Powers to make such Rules, Orders and Regulations as they shall think proper, for the proper Ule, Management, dividing, levelling, and other Improvements, of or for the Stints of the Commonage thereof, and for the Protection and Preservation of the Ground and Soil thereof, and for the Employments and Appointments of proper Persons to execute such Rules and Orders, and to overlook the Paid Lands, and to impound Cattle which shall be found trespassing thereon contrary to such Regulations, and to order Payment of all necessary Expences thereby incurred, not exceeding in One Year the Sum of Ten Pounds, out of the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, which Sum the Over seers of the Poor of such Parish are hereby required and authorized to pay accordingly, and which shall be allowed to them in their Accounts; and in case any other Person or Persons not really and truly occupying a House or Cottage of such Yearly Value and Descriptions as herein-before mentioned shall at any Time or Times turn out Sheep, or Cattle of any Son, or dig, take, or carry away the Soil on the said Piece or Parcels of che laid Commons and Waste Lands so to be set out and allotted as next before-mentioned, every such Person so offending, being thereof convicted before a Justice of the Peace for the said County of Surrey, dull forfeit 2nd pay for each such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenry Shillings, to be recovered and levied by Distress upon the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, under and by virtue of a Warrant to be granted by the Justice of the Peace before whom such Person dull be convicted, and to be applied in Aid and in Part Discharge of the Poor Rates of the said Parish oi Chert fey.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That after the several Dividons and ASlotmeatof Allotments herein-before directed to be made of the said Commons and iheResidue. Waste Lands, shall have been assigned and set out in the Manner herein-

before directed, and such Sale or Sales as are herein-afeer mentioned dull have been made, then the said Cr.mmissioners shall divide, set out, and allot all the Residue and Remainder of the said Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manor hereby intended to be divided, allotted, or inclosed as aforesaid, unto and araongd the several Proprietors of and Persons inte-reded in the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Manor, in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, and in such Manner as by the said Commissioners shall be adjudged and determined to be ajud and fu 1 Compensation and Satisfaction for, and equal to their several and respetfrive Rights and Intereds of, in, and over the said Commons and Waste Lands, in respect of their several and re-spe<d;ve Mdiiiages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements and Heredit.iments.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein pOWcr«of conrained shall authorize or empower the said Commissioners to divide, the Actr.ot allot, or inclose a certain Common or Open Pasture called Laleham J°3|eV*ncl to But way, situate within the Lid Parish of Chertsey, the Rights of Paf- BuA.y" ttrage or Commonage ot which is uled and claimed by the Proprietors

and Occupiers of Estates within the Manor of Laleham, in the County of Middlesex.

24-8©

Lessee* and

as have only a Righrof

Co.-mon whilst unin-cloted) to enjoy the Allotments on paying fir.h additional Rent it the

C

fiontr* Dial 1 affix.

Allotment* of the Open L'ommon Field* and Meadow.

Course of Husbandry.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 130.

XXIII. And it further enabled. That the several LefTeei or Tenants who have in Lealc any Estate or Estates, in relped ot which any such Allotment or Allotments :f Waste Land shall be made as aforesaid, (except such as have only Right of Common on the said Commons and Waste Lands to be allotted and inclosed as aforesaid, whi 1ft the same shall remain uninclosed) (h..ll during the Conti nuance of their respective Leafeis unless it is thereby otherwise provided, have, hold, and enjoy the several Parts and Shares of the said Commons and Waft* Lands that dial I be allotted and fetout for and in relped of such Estates andas appurtenant to the fame, upon paying such additional Rent to the Lessors or Owners thereof, as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award or any other Writing fix and appoint; and in afeerraining and fixing such Rent, the said Commissioners shall take into Consideration, as well the Expence such Lessors or Owners may be put unto in fencing such Allotments, as also the Loss such Lefifees or Tenants may sustain by being deprived of their Common Rights.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to divide, fee out, andalJot the said Open Common Arable Fields and Open Meadow, unto and amongst the several Proprietors thereof, equally and indifferently, lb that each and every of them may have and hold a just, equal, and proportionate Part and Share entire, and lying together as near as Circumstances will admit of the said Open Common Arable Fieidsand Open Meadow, rateably and proportionably according to the Quantities, Qualities, and Situations of the Lands there, which they the said Owners and Proprietors now respectively hold and enjoy , and the said Commi dinners shall also mark out the several Allotments of the said Fields and Meadow by proper Metes, Bounds or Landmarks, and shall also direct the said Fields and Meadows to be stocked by the Owners thereof with Cattleof such Sorts, in such Numbers, at such Times, ant! for such Seasons of the Year, and subject to such other Regulations as to the future Enjoyment thereof, and under such Penalties not exceeding Ten Pounds for any one Offence, as the said Commissioners shall in their Judgement think proper, and by- their Award order and direct; but that all other Common and other Rights in and upon the said Fields and Meadow shall thereafter be extioguished.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently may be, by fomc Writing or Writings under their Hands to be affixed on One of the principal Outer Doors of the Parish Church of Chertsey. aforesaid, order and direct the Course of Husbandiy that shall or ought to be used, in, ever and upon the Lid Open Common Arable Fields intended by this Act to be divided and allotted, until the d ime when they shall have made and compleated the said intended Division and Allotments thereof, as well with respect to the lay ing down, ploughing, rowing cf Grass Seeds, and fallowing and tilling thereof, as to the flocking or ieedin" of the Fallows or Stubbles, and also to the cutting of Tuis, Heath, Furze, Thorns, or Bushes, upon the Commons and Waste Lands intended by this Act to be inclosed, and by the fame or any other Writing or Writings under their Hands to be published as aforesaid, shall and may make such

9 furthef

*l

;iiua

caicii

vffal

Mtie

S

k

lUCQ

(oti<

lUq,

Hull

?UJC

uod

fcn

dmic

and

ns of Ept& .: :-.c loads «be

chef

liict

vrs

tier

the

ail,

me

'he

'ft

iis

if.

48’ GEORGII III. Cap. 130. 2481

further Orders and Regulations touching the Conduct of the Farmers and Occupiers ofthcLmds and Grounds so hereby directed to be divided and allotted for preventing them from committing Watte upon any of the said Lands and Grounds, in the mean Time and until the Diuifions and Allotments thereof shall be effected, as to them shalt feetn expedient; all which Orders and Regulations of the said Commissioners shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties concerned; and that the said Commissioners shall fee and impoi'e such pecuniary Penalties &nd Forfeitures on every Person not conforming to such Orders and Regulations as they shall think necessary, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds for any one Offence; and the said Commissioners shall also settle and determine what additional Rent shall be paid in respect of such Lands and the Tythes thereof respectively, as shall in the Stafon immediately preceding the passing of this Act be found to have been cropped otherwise than in the customary Way, or contrary to any subsisting Agreement, such additional Rent to be paid and payable at the same Time and in the same Manner as the original Rent, and also what Portion of the Manure shall belong to the Landlords and Tenants respectirely in such Cases where the Tenant is entitled by his Agreement to the Manure arising from the Lands in his Occupation.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Owners and Proprietors of the said Open Common Arable Fields and °,

Open Meadows, when and as the several Allotments and Divisions thereof and Mratiow, shall be made tothcmrefptctively, under and by virtue of this Act, or for ciof^wuh"' any or either of such Owners and Proprietors who shall be desirous of the Leave t ike fame, by and with the Consent of the said Commissioners, such Content to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the said Commissione<6, and also in and by the Award of the said Commissioners, ro be made by virtue of this or the said recited Act, to inclose and fence at his, her, or their own Expence, such Allotment or Allotments; and that from and after any such Allotment or Allotments shall be so inclosed and fenced as aforesaid, all and every the common Rights of the Owners and Proprietors, Owner or Proprietor, making such Inclosure or Fence, of and in the Residue of the said Open Common Arable Fields and Open Meadow, and also all Common and other Rights, in, over, or upon such Allotment or Allotments so to be inclosed and fenced as aforesaid, shall cease and be for ever after extinguished, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize any Person or Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments of the said Open Meadow shall be made or set out, to fence his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, by throwing up any Mound or Embankment, or by making any Ditch or Ditches whatsoever, except in such Part or Parts thereof as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award, or any Writing under their Hands direct: Provided also, that from and immediately after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, no Proprietor or Occupier of Land in the said Meadow shall inclolc or fence his or their Allotment or Allotments, unless specially authorized fotodo by such Award, but the same shall for ever thereafter remain open and uninclosed.

[Lee. & Ptr.2

27 Z

"I'emue of

Ettingmlh-

anentof

*Tythe6.

48* GEORGGII III. Cap. 130.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, Thar all such Lands and Grounds ns shall by Authority and in pursuance of this Act be allotted to any of the Lid Proprietors, shall be held by such Proprietors respectively under the fame Tenures, Rents, Customs and Services, as the Lands or other Property in respect of which such Allotments shall be made were respectively held and enjoyed by the said Proprietors before the passing of this Act, or would have been held and enjoyed in case this Act had not been made; and the several Lands and Grounds which in the said Award shall be distinguished to have been allotted in lieu of Freehold Lands or other Property, shall from the making and executing thereof be deerntd Freehold Lands, and shall from thenceforth be held of the Lord of the Fee under the fame Rents and by the fame Services as the Freehold Lands or other Property in lieu of which they were allotted, were before that Tims held; and the several Lands and Grounds which shall be therein distinguished to have been allotted in lieu of Copyhold Lands or other Property, shall in like Manner be deemed Copyhold or Customary Lands, and shall be held of the Lord of the Fee thereof, under the fame Rents and by the fame Customs, Duties, and Services, as the Copyhold Lands or other Property in lieu of which they were so allotted were or ought to have been held, and shall pals by the like Surrenders as the prefcnc Copyhold Messuages, Cottage?, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, are now holden under or liable to; and the Lands and Grounds which shall be therein distinguished tohave beenallotted in lieu of Leasehold Lands or other Leasehold Property, shall be in like Manner deemed Leasehold, and shall be held under the lame Rents as the Lands or other Property in lieuwhereof they were so respectively allotted were held; and the Reyerfiun thereof shall be vested in the fame Lcftb.respectively, as the Reversion of such other Lands and Property werp veiled before the making this Act, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding; and that all and every Person or Persons to whom such Copyhold Lands and Premises shall be allotted as aforesaid, shall within Twelve Calendar Months r.txc after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, be admitted Tenant or Tenants of the fame, without paying any Fine or 01 her Charge to the Lord or Steward of thefaiu Manor (favc and except the Stamp Duties and the Copyhold Fees due to the Steward of such Manor.)

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the said Commissioners shall have set out the Allotments herein-before directed to be made unto the said Sir Joseph Mawbey Rector, and to the said ‘Iho-rt as Charles May Vicar as aforesaid, and their Successors, in lieu of and as a Compensation for their respective Rights of Tythe as aforesaid, and shall have givm Notice thereof in Writing under their Hands, such Notice to be affixed on one of the principal outer Doors of the la:d Parish Church of Chertjeyt allTythes both Great and Small, and all Modules, Competitions, or other Payments in lieu of Tythes, and all other Ecclrfi-afticalDues and Payments whatsoever (except Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and Surplice Fees) growing, arising, accruing, i flu tug, happening or payable in, out of, from, or upon the said Open Common Arabic Fields, and Open Meadow, Commons and Waste Lands to be divided and

6 allotted

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 130. 2483

allotted or inclosed by virtue cf this Act, fhcl! cease and be for ever extin-.gmshed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Lands so to be fct out and Allotment for aliened by virtue of this Act in lieu of Great and Small Tythes of the said /i^joncedat Open Common Arable Fields, Open Meadow, Commons and Wade the"Expence Lands, shall be inclosed and fenced on the outwaid Boundaries thereof °fJ!r PropM* by the said Commissioners at the Expence of the Proprietors in general

(other than the Owners of the said Tyrhes) in such Manner and in such Shares and Proportions, and at such Time or Time* as the said Conunfl-sioners shall by any Writing under their Hands or by their Award order or direct; and that all other Allotments so to be made as aforesaid shall be inclosed and fenced on the outward Boundaries thereof reiptftively, in such Manner and by such of the said Proprietors, and at or before such Time or Times, and for ever aftei wards be repaired, preserved, and maintained, ae the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands or by their said Award order and direct.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That until the aforesaid D’mflon and Tythes pay-

Allotment in lieu of Tythes shall be made and finished in pursuance of AI"

this Act, the said Sir Joseph Mawbey% Impropriate Rector as aforesaid, and the said Thomas Charles May, Vicar as aforesaid, and their Successors, shall be entitled to and shall receive and enjoy such and the fame Tythes as they could, might, or ought to have done in cale this Act had not been made.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall commission* and may scour out and widen, or cause to be scoured out and widened, all «:-s;omake such ancient Brooks, Ditches, Drains, and Watercouifes, Tunnels and D,aw6" Bridges within the said Manor, and all'o shall and may make, let out, and

Appoint such new Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, 'Funnels, Gate?,

Banks, and Bridges, as well in, through, and over the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and allotted or inclosed, as also in, over and through any ancient Inclosures within the said Manor, making such Satisfaction to the Proprietors of such ancient Inclosures for the Damage done thereby as they shall think reasonable, and of such Depth and Breadth, and in such Directions as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby directed and required in and by their Award, to order and direct by whom and at whose Expence and at what Time and in what Manner the said Brooks,

Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Gates, Banks, and Bridges,

shall be made, and afterwards cleaned, scoured, repaired, and maintained:

Provided always, that nothing in this or the said recited Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to give the said Commissioners any Power or Authority to make any new Ditch, Drain, Wa-tercourse, or Tunnel within the said Manor, whereby or by reason of which the Water flowing through any ancient Ditch, Drain. Watercourse, or Tunnel, maybe in anywise impeded or diverted from its usual and accu'-tomed Course or Channel to the Injury of the present Owner or Owners thereof.

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 130.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may from Time to Time as they shall find convenient, deliver Possession to the several Persons interfiled in tiieDivision and Inclosure to be made and fetouc under this Act* of their respective Allotments, and such Poflrfiion when so delivered shall be kept and regained by the several Persons entitled thereto against all Persons whomsoever, although the said Award herein-ascer directed shall not then be made and executed; provided that no Action shall be then pending or commenced under the Provision hereinbefore made for Trials at Law.

XXXIII. And be it further emfti'd, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized at any Time or Times

Common be- bc^ore *hc Execution of the said Award, by Notke in Writing under their fore the Exe- Hands, to be affixed upon the principal Outer Door of the Parish Church Award0*taC of Cher I fey aforesaid, to order or di rest all or any Parc of the Righrs of Common, and all other Rights whatsoever, in, over, or upon all or any Part of the Lid Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted or inclosed, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended for and during such Time as shall be expressed in such Writing; and that all such Rights of Common and other Rights as the said Commissioners shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall fro.n the Time of affixing such Writing on the said Church Door cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished, cr the Exercise thereof be suspended accordingly, any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and that in case any PtrLn or Persons shall at any Time or Times after the Time of affixing such Notice as aforesaid, cut, dig, take up., pull down, carry away, or destroy any Tuis or Sods, Gravel, Sand* or Soil, Hedges, Banks, or Fences, from any Parc of the fame Lands and Grounds (except upon his, her, or their own specific Allotment or Allotments) every such PeTonor Persons shall (on Conviction thereof before any one Just ce of the Peace for the said County of Surrey> by Confession of the Party offending, or by the Oath or Oaths of One or more credible Wit-Refs or Witnesses) for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and which Penalty or Sum such Justice shall order and appoint to be levied by Distrrfs and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice and for want of such Distress, the Offender or Offenders shall, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, be committed to any House of Correction within the Lid County of Surrey, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless the said Penalty shall be sooner paid.

Not tore-

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act con-loSfaoy Wikf tained shall extend or be construed to extend to revoke, make void, alter, at Settlement, or annul any Will, Settlement, or other Deed, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right of Claim, Dower, Jointure, Portion, Estate, Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be divided, allotted, inclosed, or exchanged by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, cr any Part or Parts thereof respectively; but that the respective Per-

font

*4.84.

rMivrr 1\ flession of Aiiotnxem.*.,

48° GEORG 11 Iff. Cap. 130.

Tons to whom any Lands or Hereditaments shall be so divided, allotted, or given in Exchange, by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, Inali be seised thereof to such and the fame Utes, and for such and the fame Effaces, and under and subject to such and the fame Settlements, Limitations, Remainders, Jointures, Rents, Charges, and Incumbrances, and under such and the fame RefWiSibns, Covenants, and Agreements, as the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereof such Person was seised or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, or for which or in lieu or in respect whereof such Division, Allotment:, or Exchange, shall have been made as aforesaid, would have been subject to, charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been made'.

XXXV. And whereas it will tend greatly to the Improvement of the said Commons and Waste Lands intended to be inclosed by virtue of this to gra,t Ad, if any Person or Persons to whom the same shall be allotted, who ^eanfe^ot ths shall happen to be Tenant or Tenants for Life only of the Lands or Estates y/nfie Laads. in respect of which such Allotments are to be made, were entitled to gram proper Leases of all or any Part of such Commons or Waste Lands which shall be allotted to him, her, or them respectivelyj be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for such of the said Proprietors who are Tenants for Life or for Years determinable on one or more Life or Lives, to grant any Leafeor Leases to any Person or Persons whomsoever, of the said Commons and Wafts Lands so to be allotted to them, or any Part or Parts thereof with the Appurtenances, so that the Consent of the Lord of the Manor of any Copyhold Lands be first had and obtained by Licence or otherwise according to the Custom thereof, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years, to be computed from the Date of the Award of the said Commissioners j and so that the fame do commence in Possession and not in Reversion; and so that upon every such Lease or Leases there be reserved and made payable, during the Continuance thereof relpeflively, the belt or mod improved Yearly Rent or Rents, or other Considerations that can be reasonably had and obtained for the fame, without taking any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Fine or Foregifr, for or in respeef of such Lease or Leases; and so that no Leltee or Lrflces have thereby Power to commit Wade i and so that in every such Lease or Leases there be contained a Clause.of Re-entry on Non-payment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved; and so that such Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved, be made payable to the Person or Persons granting such Lease or Leases, and the several other Persons who inSuccession may be entitled to the fame Hereditaments, Lands, and Premi'es; and so as the Lessee or Lessees do at the same Time execute a Courterpart or Counterparts of such Lease or Leases.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Lea^s Leases, or Agreements for a Lease or Lease -, for the letting or holding at be vacate!?.to Rack Rent of all or any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds within the said Manor hereby intended to be divided and allotted or inclosed, or by virtue of this or the said recited Act to be exchanged or divided amongst joint Proprietors as aforefrtri, shall, immediately upon such Allotments,

Divisions, and Exchanges being madj, and such Award or Instrument [Loc. & Per."] aX A ' being

2'4-85 4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 130.

being executed, or within such other Time as the said Commissioners ftu'll by inch their Award or Instrument, or any other Writing din cl or appoint, cease, determine, and be void *, but at the same Time so far only as may be necessary to enable the said Commissioners to carry this Act into Execution j the respective Owners and Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so in Lease as aforesaid, making lucii reasonable Satisfaction to the LefiVc or Ldices, Tenant or Tenants, as the said Commissioners flrall direct or appoint, on account thereof or as an Equivalent for the fame: Provided always, that in case it shall appear to the said Commissioners more equitable that the Land to be allotted in jight of any Estate held under or by virtue of any such Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements, as hereinbefore mentioned, should be field by the Tenant or Tcnants, Lessee or Lessees of any such Efface, during his, her, or their Term cr Intersil therein, then and so often it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to assign and allot the fame unco such Tenant or Tenants, LclTee or Leftees accordingly; and t® fix and settle what additional Rent or Deduction from Rent shall be hereafter paid by or allowed to him, her, or them, unto or from the-Person or Persons entitled to the Reversion thereof, for cr in respect of the Expences which such Person or Persons shall sustain in the fencing or other necessary Improvements of the said Lands so to be allotted as aforesaid.

IPower to fdl

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be Iaw-

Commou ful for any Person or Persons interested in the said intended Allotments or

Kigitts, Inclosures, at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the said

Commissioners. to sell and dispose of such Eft ace, Right, Tide, and Interest, which he, she, or they shall have, in, to, or upon the said Lands and Grounds htreby intended to be divided and Inclosed, or in or to any Allotment to be made in respect of any Common Right or other Interest therein respectively, by virtue of this Act, and to convey the same to the Purchaser or Purchasers separate from the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Right whereof he, she, or they is, are, or shall be so entitled; subject nevertheless to all Settlements, Mortgages, and Incumbrances affecting such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and every such Sale being specified and set forth in the said Award, shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever-, and the said Commissioners shall award such Allotment or Allotments to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof accordingly i and in case the same shall be purchased by any Person entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Lands, the said purchased Premises shall and may be laid to and next adjoining the Allotment and Allotments of such Purchaser or Purchasers icfpeitively, upon Application to the Commissioners for that Purpose.

tt*PAaShow

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Goffs, Charges,

to be paid. and Expences of obtaining, and executing this Act, and of all other Matters ard Things incident to or incurred relating to the said Indo-lure, or to the Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be inclosed and allotted, shall be paid in Proportion by the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted or inclosed,

to

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 130. 2487

to whom any Allotments dull be made by virtue of this A£i (other than and except the said Sir Joseph Mawbeg% and his Supcefias Impropriate Redors, and the said Thomas Charles May, and his Successors Vicars as afore laid,) or by Sale of such Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclol'ed, as the said Commissioners shall in their Judgement think most proper, and that in either of the Cafes aforesaid, the Money Hull be raised or the Land fold (as the Case may be) in the Manner, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Rules, Orders, and Regulations respectively mentioned and directed in and by the said recited Act: Provided always* that in case the said Commissioners shall think it expedient to raise the Money nec.cffary to defray the said Charges and Expences, partly by a Rate and partly by Sale of Land in Manner aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for them so to do, under and subject to the Rules, Orders, and Regulations contained in the aforesaid recited Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Pwer t* fell to and for the said Commissioners, before making the Division of such frontaSe~ Residueas aforesaid, to fell by privare Contract unto any Person or Persons, any Parcel or Parcels of the said Commons and Waste Lands adjoining to his or their Dwelling House, provided that no Part or Parcels of Land so to be sold by privare Contract in respect of any Dwelling House, shall exceed in the whole Two Acres-, and the Purchase Money of the said Lands so to be sold as aforesaid shall be paid to the said Commissioners at such Time or Times as they shall appoint; and the Receipt or Receipts of the said Commissioners shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Purchaser or Purchasers for the fame; and immediately after such Receipt or Receipts shall be given to such Purchaser or Purchasers, the Pieces or Parcels of Land so purchased by him, her, cr them, shall by virtue of this Act. become vetted in him, her, or them, and his, her, or their respective Heirs and Assigns in Fee Simple, without any further or other Conveyance, Assurance, Instrumenf, or Writing whatsoever; and the said Commissioners Cull apply the Monies to arise by such Sale or Sales in the defraying Part of such Colts, Charges and Expences as aforesaid,

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Application Commissioners shall think ic expedient to raise the Money necessary to Mo^nev^if defray the Charges and Expences aforesaid by Sale ot Land as herein- any) after before mentioned, and in case it shall happen that any Part or Parts of Sjlc of Lanti*' the said Commons and Waste Lands shall be sold for more Money than will be required to defray such Charges and Expences as aforesaid, then and in such Case such Surplus Money shall be divided and apportioned between the several Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, according to their several and respective Interests therein; or otherwise such Surplus shall be paid into the Bank of England, in Manner directed by the said recited Act, with respect to Money thereby directed to be paid into the Bank for the Purchase and Exchange of Lands.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it Ilia! 1 be lawful for the Lid Powfrfo Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, clnn°c?"

24-83 4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 130.

Tythes, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Manor, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Manor, or within any adjoining Parish, Township, Hamlet, or Place; provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in die Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Lands, Tenements, Tythes, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on a Lite or Lives, or with the Contenc of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Owners or Proprietors as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself; such Consent to be testified in Writing under the common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively \ and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Chur h, Chapel, or other Ec» clefialtical Benefice, without the Consent test ified as aforesaid of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bishop of the Dioctfe for the Time being in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so to be exchanged shall lie and be situate.

Fxpercer, of Exchanges and Partitions, how to be paid.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing any Exchanges and Partitions, shall be paid and borne by the fever a I Persons making such Exchanges and Partitions, in such Manner and :n i'u< h Proportions as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award, or other separate Deed or Instrument, order and dirtft.

Commission-

XLIII. And be it further e'acfted, That once at leaf! in each and every to Say Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from fore°T*l Day of pairing thereof) the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby justices once required to make a true and just: Statement or Account of all Sums of in every Year. JVIoney by them received and expended or due to them for their own Trouble, or Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surrey (not interested in the Lid intended Division, Allotment and inclosure) to be by them examined and balanced; and such Balance shall be by such Justices dated in the Book or Books of Account to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and no Charges or Item in such Ac ount shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid iaLaw, unld's the same shall have been duly allowed by such Jul-ticts.

4.8* GEORGII III. Cap. 130. 2489

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall advance and pay any Sum or Sums of Money in discharge or the t,ey for Fees or other Exper.ces of obtaining and executing this Act, shall be r repaid the lame with Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum i,terest. per Annum, to be computed from the respective Times of advancing and paying such Money, out of the Monies which shall be first raised by virtue of this Act.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the

deposited.

{aid Commissioners, when inrolled in Manner directed by the said recited Act, shall be depofued in the Parish Church of Chertsey aforesaid, or in such other Place as the said Commissioners shall appoint.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make an Extract on Parchment under an Extract of their Hands and Seals, of so much ot their General Award herein-before ^hj^harJfas directed to be made, as shall contain an accurate Description of the Allot- deferibes iiis nient or Allotments so to be made to His said Majesty, together with fush Regulations or Provisions relative to the said Allotment or Allotments, or to any other Rights or Interests of His Majesty, as may be contained in such Award, and also a Map or Plan of such Allotment or Allotments; and cransmit the same to the Surveyor General of His MajestyVs Land Revenue for the Time being within Six Calendar Months after the making and executing the said Award, to be by him filed and kept among the Muniments of his Office.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance ter Sciiions.* of this or the said recited Act, then and in every such Case (except where the Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners are by this or the said recited Act directed to be final and conclusive, and also where Provision is made for Trial at Law as herein-before mentioned) be, flie, or they may appeal to any General Quarter Session of the Peace which shall be held for the County of Surrey within Six Calendar Months next after such Caule of Complaint shall have arisen; and the Justices at the fame Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter ot every such Complaint, and to make such Order therein, and award such Colts as they may think reasonable, and to direct the levying the Colts which final 1 be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners, after deducting the reasonable Charge of such Distress and Sale, which Determination of the said justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Prccefs whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminsisr or elsewhere.

XLVIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His General Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, Bodies Stvins»‘ Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administramrs, all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest (other [Lie. b5 Per.] at8 B than

249°

Public Act,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 130.

than such as are meant and intended to be barred and destroyed by this Act) as they and every of them had and enjoyed, of, in, to, or in resptft of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted or inclosed, in case this Act had not been made.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy rhereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 131.

An Act for inclosing Lands in that Part of the Parish of Saint Asaph, in the Counties of Flint and Denbigh, which is not within the Franchise of Rhudd-lan, in the said County of Flint, [i 8th yune 1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Saint Asaph, in the several Counties of Flint and Denbigh, sundry Commons and Waste Lands, containing in the Whole, by Computation, One Thousand Acres or thereabout, over and above that Portion thereof which lies within that Part of the said Parish which is situate in the Franchise of Rhuddlan, in the said County of Flint: And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is Lord of the Manor of Denbigh and Denbigh Land, and entitled to the Soil of so much of the said Commons and Wafie Lands as lies within that Lordship, and also claims to be entitled to the Soil of all other the Commons and Wafie Lands intended to he inclosed by virtue of this Act (save and except such Parts thereof as lie within the Manors of Uwcbterfyn and IJlerfyn, herein-after mentioned): And whereas Catherine Stapleton Spinfler, Watkins Williams Esquire, and Elizabeth his Wife, the very Reverend William Davies Shipley Clerk, Dean of Saint Asaph, and Barbara Tonge Spinfler, claim to be Lords and Ladies of the Manor and Franchise of Rhuddlan, and to be entitled to the Soil of so much of the said Commons and Wafie Lands as lies within the Town-ifyip of Cyrchynan, within the said Manor of Rhuddlan: And whereas the [Lee tit. Peri] 28 C Right

2494-

4&® GEORGII III. Cap. 11 r.

Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Saint Asaph is Lord of the Manors of Uwehterfyn and lflerfyn, and entitled to the Soil of so much of the said Commons and Waste Lands, as lies within those Manors respectively: And whereas Peter Whitley, Robert Thomas, William Williams, and George Strong, Clerks, are Vicars of the Parish of Saint Asaph aforesaid, and as such they, some or one of them, are entitled to certain Glebe Lands within the same Parish, and in respect thereof to Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Lands by this Act intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed: And whereas the said Lord Bishop of Saint Asaph, and also the Right Honourable Other Archer, Earl of Plymouth, Sir Edward Pryce TJ'oyd, Sir John Williams, Baronets, John Lloyd, Edward Lloyd, Pierce Wynne Torke, 'Thomas Foulkes, El’quires, the said Catherine Stapleton, Watkin Williams and Elizabeth his Wife, William Davies Shipley, Barbara Tonge, and Edward Hughes Clerk, and divers other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of sundry Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Parish of Saint Asaph aforesaid, and are entitled, in respect thereof, to Right of Common, in, over, and upon all and every the Commons and Waste Lands by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, in Proportion to their several and respective Estates within the several Manors or Lordships and Township aforesaid: And whereas divers Persons, Proprietors of Lands and Tenements within that Part of the said Parish of Saint Asaph which is situated in the Franchise of Rhuddlan aforesaid, claim to be entitled, in respect thereof, to a Right of Common over and upon the Commons and Waste Lands Ge*ier U:clo- by this Act intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed: And whereas an sure Act.

Rhu-'t(:hn Franchise Inclosure Act.

Utility of In

Commissioner.

4

Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consol dating in One Act certain Provisions iifually inserted in Acts of Inclosure. and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads iifually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for inclosng Lands in the Parishes of Rhuddlan, Saint Asaph, Difcrth, and Cwm, in the County of Flint, which comprizes so much of the Commons and Waste Lands in that Part of the said Parish of Saint Asaph as lies within the Franchise of Rhuddlan aforesaid: And whereas the Commons 2nd Waste Lands herein-before first mentioned are in their present State, of little Value, but if divided into specilic Allotments, and such Allotments inclosed, the fame might be very considerably improved, whereby a manifest Advantage would result, not only to the several Persons interested therein, but such Inclosure would be of great public Utility: But such Division. Allotment, and Inclosure, cannot be established and rendered effectual without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enabled and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Commons and Waste Lands lying and being in the Parish of Saint Asaph aforesaid, in the said several Counties of Flint and Denbigh (save and except so much thereof as lies within the Franchise of Rhuddlan aforesaid, in the said County of Flint) shall be set out, divided, and allotted, as soon as conveniently may be, by John Calveley, of Stapleford in the County of Chester, Gentleman, who is hereby appointed Commissioner for setting out, dividing, and allotting the fame, and for carrying this Act into Execution, subject neverthe-kfs to the Rules, Orders, and Directions, mentioned and contained in the

2495

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 131.

said fi.rH recited Act, except in such Cases where the same are hereby varied or altered.

II. And be it further enacted, That at a General Meeting of the Land $, v,ycr. Owners within that Part of the Paritn of Saint Asaph aforesaid which comprizes the said several Manors or Lordships of Denbigh. Uwchterfyn, IJler-

jyjif and that Part of the said Manor or Lordship of Rhuddlan which lies within the Township of Cyrchynan aforesaid, to be held at Saint Asaph aforesaid, within the Soace of Two Calendar Months next after the passing of this Act, a Majority in Value of the said Proprietors, or of their known or reputed Agents or Attornies who shall be present at such Meeting (such Value to be ascertained by the Land Tax Assessments of the same Parish)

shall and may, and are hereby empowered, by Writing under their respective Hands, to appoint a Surveyor or Surveyors to ad in the Execution or this and the said first recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That if the said John Calveky, or the For app3;nt. Surveyor or Surveyors so to be appointed as aforesaid, or any or either of ing a new them or their respective Successors shall die, or become incapable by Sick- a,7s\'irvcyui-ness or otherwise of acting, or refuse to act as Commissioner, or Surveyor in tale of or Surveyors as aforesaid, or {kail, for the Space of One Calendar Month

wilfully neglect to ad in their or his respective Office, before the Powers ;ai or NegU<ft vested in them by this and the saidjirft recited Act are completely executed, to at'-then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the major Fart in Value (such Value to be ascertained by the Land Tax Assessments in and for the said Parish) of the Proprietors or Persons inferested in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or their known or reputed Agents or Attornies who shall be present at a public Meeting to be held for that Purpose in pursuance of Notice in Writing signed by Two or more Proprietors, to be affixed upon the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Saint Asaph aforesaid at least Fourteen Days before such Meeting, to appoint by Writing under their respective Hands, a new Commissioner, and Surveyor or Surveyors, in the Room of the said John Calvdey, and the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or such of them or their respective Successors as shall die, become incapable, refuse or neglect to act as aforesaid, and so proceed from Time to Time as often as Occasion may require; and every Commissioner and Surveyor or Surveyors so to be appointed,

shall have the like Power and Authority, and shall be subject to the fame Power of Removal and Restrictions as the Person or Persons in whose Place he or they shall be appointed was or were vested with and subject to by virtue of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he Commish--n r is hereby required to cause Notice to be affixed, uponfome Sunday during to «;ve n iue or immediately after Divine Service, upon the principal Outer Door of the o! S!t:;"Ss* Parish Church of Saint Asaph aforesaid, of the Time and Place of holding

every Sitting and Attendance for the Execution of this and the said first recited Act, at lead Fourteen Days before such Sitting or Attendance shall be held (Sittings or Attendances by Adjournment to the next or any other Day within One Week only excepted), and every such Notice shall express the Purpose for which such Sitting or Attendance is to be held; and every Adjournment shall be made known to Four Proprietors at least before the Business of such Adjournment shall be proceeded upon; and every Sitting

2496

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 131

or Attendance, whether by Adjournment or otherwise, shall be held at Saint Afapby and not elsewhere; and all Claims shall be in Writing, and delivered to the said Commissioner at his First or Second fitting or Attendance, of which Fourteen Days previous Notice shall be given as aforesaid; and all Objections to Claims shall also be in Writing, and delivered to the said Commissioner at his Second or Third Sitting or Attendance, of which Fourteen Days previous Notice shall also be given as aforesaid; and such Objections shall be determined by the said Commissioner at his next or Second Sitting or Attendance after such Objections shall have been made, unless such Commissioner shall fee just Cause to allow further Time for the Determination thereof; and the said First, Second, and Third Sittings or Attendances of the said Commissioner, for receiving Claims and Objections as aforesaid, shall continue from Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon until Six of the Clock in the Afternoon of each of such Days respectively.

other Nonces V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other Notices gfven?bC necessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioner, in pursuance of this or the said first recited Act, shall be so made and given by Advertisement to be inserted in one or both of the Chejicr Newspapers, or if the same shall not be then published, then in some other Newspaper or Newspapers circulated in the said several Counties of Flint and Denbigh.

Commissioner

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and to inquire into f0r the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required by mtm3.aCh' Examination of Witnesses on Oath, to be administered by such Commissioner, and by such other legal Ways and Means as he shall think proper, to enquire into and determine what Inclosures have heretofore been taken from and made upon the said Commons ana Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed; and the Proprietors of all Inclosures which shall be proved to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioner, to have been taken in and made thereon at any Time within the Memory of Man, shall not be entitled to have Allotments from off the said Commons and Waste Lands, by virtue or in respect of such Inclosures.

t'o SSST

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute shall arise jkkcs. C between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested, touching their Rights or Claims, Estates or Interests, in the Lands or Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, the said Commissioner is hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Commissioner to determine any Dispute that shall or may affect the Right or Title to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish of Saint Asaph.

rower to af-

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioner shall iety Cc s. Upon tjle hearing anj Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to him in pursuance of this or the said first recited Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to settle, alfefs, and award such Costs and Charges as he shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioner shall be made, by the

Person

2497

4£" GEORGII lll.Cap. ili.

Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby difullowed or over-ruled; and in cale the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay lech Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and h$ is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever,' to cause inch Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so* neglecting or refusing to pay the fame; rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducing the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the King’s Allowing most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or the Lords and Ladies of the said Manor and Franchise of Rhuddlan, or the said Lord Bishop of atLjw.° Saint Ashpb, or any other Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the Laid Commissioner touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Righrto the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands hereinbefore mentioned, orefany Rights of Common, or other Rights cr Interests, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided,' allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for His said Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or the said Lords and Ladies, or the said Lord Bishop, or the Person or Persons so dissatisfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law relative to the Matter so determined by the said Commissioner, at the then next or feccnd Affixes for the County of Chester (Notice of which shall within One Calendar Month next after the Determination of the said Commissioner, be given to the said Commissioner, by entering the fame in a Book to be openly kept for that Put pole by the said Commissioner) and to that End, such Person or Persons who shall f>e»dissatisfied with the Determination or the said Commissioner, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue or Issues, against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall ff ve beeu made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioner; and the Defendant or Defendants in lucji Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they, is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who ff all appear thereto, and accept such Issue or Issues,; whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled upon, may be tried and determined; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person or Persons whomsoever. Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, unless the Court in which such Action or Actions Dial] be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for such Court to do as is usual in other Cafes; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Com-lnjffioner shall and he is hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials; and the Colts of such ACdon or Actions shall abide and follow the Event thereof, and be paid and recoverable by Execution, as other Costs are paid and recoverable in the fame C t: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioner Detfr-mna-- ing such Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Commons ’ >ons o* ue lloc.tf Per,] 28 D andUm niflion-

549s

er wh'ch shall not l>.- objected 'o, to be filial.

Persons dying th* C 'dimif-" jeeiKng nor

In Cnfes of the Deaths of Part ies t e-tore Actions brought, the tame to be carried on and defended.

Persons in

Possession not to be molested but by due Ccurfeof Law.

-Commission-

to set our Common Pai-lurca.

4g° GEORGII nr. Cap. 13.x.

and Waste Lands herein-befor£ mentioned,1' br other Rights or Interdfts in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed' to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, Or any'Part thereof, which shall not 'befobjedted to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, by or for whom any Claim or Claims of Right of Common shall be made , shall happen to die before the said intended Division and Inclosure shall be made and perfected, and before the said Commissioner shall have made his Award touching the fame, then and in such Case the Powers and Authorities hereby given to the said Commissioner shall not be any ways determined, suspended, or affected by such Death or Deaths; but that the said Commissioner shall and may proceed in and execute the said Powers and Authorities and every of them, in such and the like Manner as he could or might have done if such Person or Persons had not died; and if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and against whom any such Action or Actions might have been brought, if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time hereinbefore limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the fame within the Time so limited as aforesaid, against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk to the said Commissioner with Process for commencing such Action or Actions in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons, who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living; and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of stich Action or Actions.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioner to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any such Parties (except in Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of Twenty Years, as hereinafter mentioned); but in case the said Commissioner shall be of Opinion against the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, he shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until such Possession shall have been given up by, or recovered fresh such Person or Persons by Ejedtment, or other due Course of Law.

XIII. And be;it’ further enacted, That in case any of the Proprietors entitled to Rights O&Common in or over the Lands and Grounds hereby

6 directed

Sfor

"Mall

‘."Bait

And

witefa

tatiimi,

WC<®. ! AeHo. orimt

?of|: 6 pa. but Hall

Wbner all hait

5tafc woU nitfe the ?f-giifiri iaj tit or Per-tHSoner Manser and it Person ioresaid, s of the it hut ad tilt at of

is At! le any ’arues ffeoty 0 ilioiii £o» is bj

a-

ttf

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 131.

directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof, shall request to have their Common Rights compensated by a Common Pasture instead of distfnd Allotments of Land, and shall give Notice thereof to the said Commissioner within such Time as the said Commissioner shall for that Pnrpol'e appoint, and the Commissioner shall be of Opinion that the Number of Proprietors who have made such Requell shall be sufficient to enable the said Commissioner to set out such an Allotment or Allotments as will answer the Purpose of a Common Pasture, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby required to set out and allot to and for the Proprietors making such Request, from and out of such Part of the Commons and Waste Lands aforesaid, most convenient for that Purpose, such Parcel or Parcels thereof as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioner be an Equivalent and Compensation for the Rights of Common to which the Proprietors making such Request shall be entitled to; and in case it shall appear to the said Commissioner (without any such Request to him made) that any of the Commons or Waste Lands within the said Parish of Saint Asaph, by reason of Situation, the Smallness of the Quantity, or Interfedion by Roads or other Circumstances, cannot be divided and inclosed to the A dvantage of the Persons interested therein^ the said Commissioner is hereby authorized to ftt out and allot the Herbage of such Commons or Waste Lands as and for Common Pastures, to such of the Proprietors of or Persons having Common Rights or other interests in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, to whom the same shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioner be mofl convenient and valuable in Situation, in or towards Satisfaction for the Rights and interests of such Proprietors respectively; and the Land lb to be allotted for Common Pastures, whether the same shall be allotted at the Request of such Proprietors as aforesaid, or without such Request, shall be used and enjoyed by therespec-tive Proprietors to whom the same shall be allotted, and by their Successors and Tenants respectively, in such Proportions, and shall be flocked with such Kinds and Number of Cattle, and at such Seasons and Times of the Year, and subject to such Regulations and Orders; as the said Commissioner, by the Award to be by him made, shall establish and direct, subject nevertheless to the getting of Building Stones, Sand, and Gravel, and Materials lor Building, for the Use of the Freeholders of the said Parish only; and also for making and repairing the Roads within the said Parish; and with full Libertyoflngress, Egress and Regress, for the Agents or Persons employed by the Counties of Hint or Denbigh, to enter the fame for the Purpose of making or repairing such Fences as may be necessary for repelling the Depredations made or hereafter to be made by the Rivers Clivyd and Elwy.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall (after the Boundaries directed to be set out and zfcertained by the said nrfl recited Act, shall have been so ascertained and fully determined, and after the letting out of the Roads, and of the several Allotments herein-before directed) assign, set out, and allot unto and for the Use of the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, so much and such Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, lying within the Lordship of Denbigh aforesaid, as shall be equal to One full Twentieth Part or Share thereof in Value respectively, and also shall assign, set out, and allot unto and for the Use of the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and SuGcefiors, or unto and for the Use

of

2499

Allotment to the Kins'* most Excellent

M jeay.

Allotment to

the Pruiixie-

2500

Allotment to the Bilh, p..f SJiit Asaph.

A'lotments o the Reiidnt the fewa] Prcpiietoi s.

48° GEORGII III. Cep. T31:

the said Catherine Stapleim^y/atkln Williams and Elizabeth his Wife, Wih Ham Davies Shipley, and Barbara Tonge, their Heirs and Assigns, such Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, lying within the said Township of Cyrchynan, Its shall be equal to One full Twentieth Part or Share thereof in Value respectively as aforesaid; and also shall assign, set out, and allot unto and for the Use of the said Lord Bishop of Saint Asaph, and his Successors, such Part or Parts of the Residue of the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be inclosed, as shall be equal to One full Twentieth Part or Share thereof in Value respectively as aforesaid, for and in lieu. Satisfaction, and Extinction of the Rights and Interests of His said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and of the said Catherine Stapleton, Wat kin Williams and Elizabeth his Wife, William Davies Shipley, and Barbara Tonge, their Heirs and Assigns respectively, and of the said Lord Bishop and his Successors respectively, in, over, and upon the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands so directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted, That after the said R oads, and the several other Allotments herein-before directed, shall have been set out as aforesaid, the said Commissioner shall assign, allot, and appoint in Severalty, the Residue and Remainder of the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, unto and amongst the said Lord Bishop of Saint Asaph, the said Earl of Plymouth, Sir Edward Pryce Lloyd, Sir John Williams, John Lloyds Edward Lloyd, Pierce Wynne 7'orke, Thomas Foulkes* Catherine Stapleton, Wat kin Williams and Elizabeth his Wife, William Davies Shipley, Barbara Tonge, and Edward Hughes, and the several other Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, entitled to Right of Common in and upon the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed as aforesaid (save and except such Person or Persons who may claim any Allotment or Allotments in Right or by virtue of such Lands and Hereditaments as have been acquired by Purchase under the Powers of an Act, passed in the Thirty-fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for embanking and otherwise fencing from the Sea, the Lands on the Sea Coci/ls of the Parish of Abergele, in the County of Denbigh, and Rhuddlan Marsh, in the several Parishes of^ Abergele aforesaid, and of Saint Asaph and Rhuddlan, and the Franchise of Rhflddlan in the County of Flint, and sundry other Marshes, Commons, and Waste Lands, in the said Parish of Rhuddlan, and in the several Parishes of Dilerth and Meliden, in the said County <7/Flint, and to cut and make in or through the same, or some Part thereof, one or more Aqueducts or other Water-coui fes and Drains, and to inclose, divide, and fell competent Parts of the said several Marshes, Commons, and Wajle Lands, to defray the Expences of the said Works, and to raise a Fund for the future Repair and Preservation thereof , and also, save and except such Person or Persons who may claim any Allotment or Allotments in Right or by virtue of any Inclosures or Incroachments which have been taken from and made upon the said Commons and Waste Lands at any Time within the Memory of Man as aforesaid), rateably, and in due Proportion to the Value of their respective Meflliages, Tenements, Lands, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof they are severally entitled to such Right of Common as aforesaid, such Value to be ascertained and fixed by the said Commissioner; and the said Commissioner /kill not upon any Account, or under any Pretence, give any undue Preference

4.80 Georgii III. Cap. lit. 250*

ference to any of the Pardee intefefted in the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, in their or any of their Allotments or Shares of the said Commons and Waste Lands, but the said CommHIioner, in making the Division and Allotment ^hereof, shall have due Regard to the Quality, Situation, and Convenience, as well as the Quantity of the Land to be allotted; and shall, if or as far as the fame can conveniently be done, make all the Allotments near ro the Lands and Hereditaments they shall belong to, within that Part of the said Panto of Saint Asaph which is not within the Franchise of Rhtidd-lan; and shall also set out, and allot the Share or Shares of every Person respectively, in One entire Parcel, where the fame can conveniently be done, and as near to every Person’s Lands and Tenements respectively as the fame conveniently may be.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, and Corrmvflnriet1 he is hereby required, to make an Extra ft on Parchment under his Hand e*JJJc*5V0 and Seal, osso much of his Award as shall contain an accurate Description m-ich of his of the Allotment or Allotments to be made to His said Majesty as aforesaid,

together with Rich Regulations or Provisions relative to such Allotment or Kill's Allot-. Allotmenrs, or to any other Rights or interests of His Majesty, as may be contained in such Award, and also a Map or Plan of such Allotment or i the Allotments, and transmit the same to the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Office- of the Land Revenue for the Time being, within Three Calendar Months next Generator Hi* after the making and executing the said Award, to be by him filed and kept M..jeitv*« among the Muniments of his Office. La,cl Revc~

XVII. Provided always^and be it further enacted, That in case it shall happen that the same Person or Persons is or are seised of Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, for Life only, and of the Fee Simple and Inheritance of other Mfeffuages. Lands,’ or Hereditaments, within the several Manors or Lord ships and Town f hip aforesaid, and any other Person or Persons having Or claiming to have Rights and Interests in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inejofed, and shall be entitledor claim to be entitled to Right of Common in respect of both such Estates, then and in such Case the Commissioner, upon the Request in Writing of such Person or Persons, or of his, her:, or their Agent or Attorney, toali set out and allot the Share or Proportion of such Person or Persons in respesft of his, her, or their different Estate, in distinct and fepavate Parcels from each other, so that the Proportion of Common Land awarded in respect of the Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments held for Life, or settled Estate, be no way intermixed with, but kept separate from, the Portion awarded in respect of the unsettled Estate.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments, exclusive Fncroach-of the Cottages and other Erections thereon, taken from the said Commons ments* and Waste Lands herein-before described within the Space of Twenty

Years next before the passing of this Act, or that have been laid open within the said Space of Twenty Years, shall be deemed Part and Parcel of the fame Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, and the same shall be set cut and allotted to the Person or Persons in Possession thereof, if such Person or Persons shall be entitled to any Share or Allotment upon the said intended Division and Inclosure, and shall have been in Possession of such Encroachment before the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and seven. and shall request the fame in [Loc £9*. iVr.J 28 E Writing

Allotments to Tenants for L ife and in Fee Simple.

3 5°-

Gfommissioner may make any Altera* tions in the Alio ments before the . Execution of the Award.

Notice for

perilling Schedule and Map of intended Allotments to je given*

Award to be depafited.

4§° GEORGII III. (Tap. 131.

Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or under the Hand of his, her, or their Attorney or Agent, at or before the Third Sitting or Attendance of the said Commissioner, so that such Encroachment or Encroachments, with the additional Road leading thereto from any general Road, which the said Commissioner is to Value as Common or Waste Lane, without considering the Erections and Improvements made thereon, do not exceed in Value the Allotment or Allotments to which such Person or Persons shall be entitled in lieu of his, her, or their Right of Common; and if the fame shall so exceed such Allotment or Allotments, the Surplus shall be fevered and fenced out at the Expence of the Person or Persons so having encroached, and shall be allotted to some other Person or Persons entitled to an Allotment or Allotments; and when it shall happen that such Encroachments or Erections have been made by Persons not entitled to any Right of Common, in such Case the said Commissioner shall set a Value on all such Erections, and the fame shall pass with the Lands on which they shall happen to {land, to the Person or Persons to whom the said Commissioner shall allot such Land, he, she, or they paying to the Person or Persons at whose Expence such Erections were made, such Sum of Money as the said Commissioner shall have valued such Erections at j and if such Person to whom such Land shall be allotted shall refuse to pay such Valuation, then the Person at whose Expence such Erections shall have been made shall have and enjoy such Cottages and Erections for such Time, and at such Ground Rent or Acknowledgement, payable to the Person to whom the said Land shall be allotted, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioner shall direct and appoint.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, at any Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months next after the said Allotments shall be set out, to make such Alterations in the Allotments and Fences which he may have set out and ordered as he shall think right and expedient; and in case any Person or Persons shall happen to be injured by such Alterations, or on Account of any Expences he, she, or they may have been at, the said Commissioner shall ascertain and determine what Recompence shall be made to him, her, or them, and shall direct by whom, and in what Manner, such Recompence shall be made.

XX. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the said Commissioner shall have ascertained the respective Shares, Rights and Interests, of the said Proprietors in the said Commons and Waste Lands directed to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, and also the respective Shares and Proportions by him proposed to be allotted to such Proprietors respectively in lieu thereof, the said Commissioner shall give Notice, in Manner aforesaid, of some convenient Time and Place when and where all Proprietors and Persons interested may peruse a Schedule of such intended Allotments, and a Map or Plan whereon the same shall be set out and delineated, and may have and receive a Copy of such Schedule, as far as the fame relates to such Proprietors respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioner, when inrolled in Manner directed by the said first recited Act, shall be deposited in a Tin Box, and kept in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the Courty of Flint, and a true Copy thereof shall be

written

48’ GEORGII III. Cap. i^ti 2503

written on Parchment, and lodged in the Parish Church of Saint AJaph aforesaid among the Documents of the said Parish, for the Perusal of all Persons interested therein.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Per- Proprietors, for. or Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be inclosed as aforesaid, at any Time before the Execution of before the the Award of the said Commissioner to sell and dispose of all such Estate,

Right, and Interest, as he, she, or they hath or have into or upon the fame Commons and Waste Lands, or in or to any Allotment or Allotments to be made in respect thereof, by virtue of this Act, separate from such Estate in Right whereof he, she, or they is, are, or shall be so entitled; and in case of any such Sale, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required to allot the same to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, who shall, immediately after the Execution of such Award as aforesaid, have, hold, ule, arid enjoy such Allotment or Allotments, and shall have, use, and exercise any Act of Ownership in and upon the fame, in as full, large, ample and beneficial a Marnier, to all Intents and Purposes, as the former Proprietor or Vendor thereof could or might have done in case any such Sale or Sales had not been made.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this or the said first will* arid recited Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to revoke,

make void, alter, or annul any Will, Deed, or Settlement, or to preju- affected, dice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure,

Portion,. Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances out of, upon, or aflefting any of the Lands; Grounds, and Hereditaments to be divided and allotted* or which shall be exchanged or assigned in Compensation for any other Estate or Right by virtue of this or the said first recited Act, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively; but as well the Lands allotted, as the Tenements and other Hereditaments which shall be assigned in Exchange or in Compensation for any other Estate or Right, shall, immediately after such Allotment, Exchange, or Assignment shall be made, be vested, remain, and enure, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be allotted, assigned, or given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall thenceforth stand and be seized and possessed thereof respectively, and subject and liable to such and the fame Wills, Deeds, Settlements, Dowers, jointures, Portions, Debts,

Rents or Incumbrances, as the Ivlefluages, Tenements, Lands, Grounds, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Allotments, Alignments, and Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to be charged with or aftefted by in case this Act had not been passed.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall Not to altef not be lawful for the said Commissioner to alter or change the Course of Wat^‘ any ancient Watercourse or Land Drain for the Purposes aforesaid, or for cour*cs» any other Purpose or Purposes whatsoever, without the Consent in Writing of the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands and Hereditaments into

whose Lands such Water shall be conveyed, or who shall or may be deprived of, or prejudiced in, the Use or Benefit to be derived from the Water or Drainage which might otherwise have passed through his, her, or their Lands, if the Direction of such Watercourse or Land Drain had not been changed or altered, but that the same shall be and remain as the fame

*5<*4 48° GEORGII III. 'Cap. i3r.

lame hath heretofore usually been; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Pajm'M of

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Costg, Charges, and Ex-

Exjience*. pences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of holding the Commissioner’s Sittings, and of surveying, measuring, planning, dividing, and allotting the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and of setting out and appointing the Roads and Highways in the said first recited Act mentioned, and of making, executing, and depositing the Award and Plan of the said Commissioner, and making a Copy thereof, andall other incidental Charges and Expences whatsoever, which may arise or be incurred under this Act, until the fame shall be finally executed, shall be severally and respectively borne and defrayed from Time to Time, as the fame shall be incurred, by the several Persons to and amongst whom the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be inclosed, shall be allotted in the said Parish (except the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors) by Rates or Taxes to be from Time to Time and at any Time or Times hereafter, as Occasion may require, a defied, laid, and charged by the said Commissioner (wherein shall be expressed the Purpose to which every Rate shall be applied) equally upon and according to the Value, as near as can be estimated by the said Commissioner, of the respective Allotments (except as aforesaid), the Proportions of which Rates upon the Persons liable thereto shall be paid to such Person or Persons for such Purposes, Uses, or Services, at such Times not exceeding One Calendar Month next after every or any such Rate shall be so assessed, as the said Commissioner, by an Order or Orders in Writing signed by him, shall direct or appoint, which Orders respectively shall be sufficient Authorities to the Person or Persons receiving such Money; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Proportion of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, according to such Order, Appointment, and Direction as aforesaid, then and in such Case the fame shall and may be recovered in the Manner directed by the said first recited

rorhfrijfnoner

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That Arrea^cf e if at the Time of the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner the e aftePion due from any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Po-

of'^Awarci! ^tic or Corporate, any Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been ordered, directed, or appointed to be paid by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required to levy and raise the fame in like Manner as he might and could have done before the Execution of his Award.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That out of the first Monies which shall be raised or borrowed under or determined by virtue of this Act, the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required in the first Place, to pay and defray the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the soliciting, obtaining, and passing this Act, together with lawful filtered for the fame from the Time such Monies respectively shall have been actually advanced; and after the Payment thereof, the said Commissioner shall ?jid he is hereby required to apply the Residue of such Monies in Manner herein-mentioned and directed.

For paytnglhe Expences of tfcu Act.

4S* GEORGII III. Cap. 131.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Cods, Charges, and Expences, attending the making of any Exchanges or Partitions to be made by virtue of the said first recited Act or this Act, shall be paid, borne, and defrayed by the several Persons making such Exchanges and Partitions, in such Manner, and in such Proportions, as the said Commissioner shall by his said Award order or direct.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That once at least in each and every Commissionei* Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the 10 ac‘'ouuf* Day of the passing thereof) the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all and every

Sum and Sums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble and Expences, in the Execution of this and the said first recited Act; and such Statement or Account, when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by him laid before any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for thg Time being for the said County of Flint, or the County of Denbigh (not interested in the said intended Division and inclosure) to be by them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justices stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the said Commissioner; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justices.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall be Commissing allowed the Sum of Two Pounds and Two Shillings for every Day that he ,ow" shall be actually employed in any Business required of him as Commissioner

by the said first recited Act or this Act, including Days of necessary travelling as well as others, in full Satisfaction for his Time, Trouble, and Expence respecting such Business.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this or the said first recited Act (except in such Cases where the Orders or Determinations of the said Commissioner are hereby, or by the said first recited Act, directed to be final and conclusive, or w'here an Issue

at Law shall be tried, as herein-before directed, or any other Mode of Relief is herein-before appointed) then and in every such Case he, she, or they, may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be held in and for the said County of Flint, or County of Denbigh, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, giving Fourteen Days previous Notice of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, in Writing, to the said Commissioner; and the Justices at their said General Quarter Sessions, not being interested in the Matter of such Appeal, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame, and to make such Order therein, and award such Damages and Costs, as to them in their Discretion shall seem meet and reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy such Damages and Costs, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final [Z-oc S* Fer.J 28 F and

Per for* aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter Saf-

2.505

For paying the

Expences of

Exchangesand

Partitions-

2 5°6

Savins' the Right of the Rluntdlan Mnrfli Em* bankitent Comii)iflion-

For laving His Majesty's Right* as to Mines, Mine-

Saving to His M-ijctty H.s Rights of Jurisdictioti.

Saving M.v nuiiil Right?.

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 131.

and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Procafs whatsoever.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to defeat, lessen or abridge the Powers verted in the Commissioners appointed in and by the said herein-before recited Act of the Thirty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not defeat or prejudice the Right or Interest of the King’s most Excellent Majesty in or to any Mines, Ores, Minerals, or Coals, in or under so much of the said Commons and Waste Lands as lies within that Part of the Lordship of Denbigh aforesaid which is situate in the said Parish of Saint Asaph, or any Part thereof, but that Mis Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and his, her, or their Heirs, Lessees, and Grantees, Agents, Servants, and Workmen, may search for, work, dig, raise, and carry away all Mines, Ores, Minerals, and Coals therein and therefrom, as freely and effectually as if this Act had not been passed, save only that they shall, respectirely, do as little Damage as possible in the Lands to be inclosed as aforesaid, and shall make reasonable Satisfaction and Recompence from Time to Time to the Person or Persons possessed thereof, for all Trespass and Damage that shall be done thereto, or to any Part thereof, by searching for, working, digging, raising, and carrying away the said Mines, Ores, Minerals, and Coals, or any of them.

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it farther enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to defeat, ielfen, or prejudice the Right, Title, or Interest of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, or of his or their Lessee or Lessees, Steward or Stewards, or other Officers for the Time being, of and for the said Manor or Lordship of Denbigh and Denbigh Land, or of and for the County and Manor of Flint, or either of them, or any Parcel or Member thereof, of, in, or to the Seigniories and Royalties incident and belonging to the fame, but that His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and his or their Lessee or Lessees, Steward or Stewards, or other Officers thereof for the Time being, shall and may, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, hold and enjoy all the Rents, Services, Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Deodands, Waifs, F.strays, Forfeitures, and all other Royalties, Privileges, Preeminences, Manerial Jurisdiction and Appurtenances whatsoever to the fame, or to the Stewards or other Officers thereof, incident or appendant, belonging or appertaining.

XXXV. Provided likewise, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall lefifen, prejudice, or defeat the Right, Title,'

or Interest of the said Catherine Stapleton, Walkin Williams, and Elizabeth his Wife, William Davies Shipley, and Barbara Tongc, as Lords and Ladies of the Manor or Lordship of Rhuddlan aforesaid, or of the said Lord Bishop of Saint Asaph, as Lord of the several Manors or Lordflrips of Uwchterfyn and IJlerfyn aforesaid, within the Jurisdiction or Limits of which said several Manors or Lordships reffectively the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, are situate, lying, and being, of, in, or tc the Seigniories, Rights, and Royalties incident or belonging to the 5 fame

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 131. 2507

fame Manors or Lordships, or to the said Catherine Stapleton, Watkin WiU hams, and Elizabeth his Wife, William Davies Shipley, and Barbara Tonge, or to the said Lord Bishop in respect thereof, or to any Person or Persons claiming under them or him; but the fame Right, Title, and Interefi (other than and except the Interefi, and other Property, as is or are meant or intended to be barred by this Act) shall remain in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as they the said Catharine Stapleton, Watkin Williams and Elizabeth his Wife, William Davies Shipley, and Barbara Tonge, and the said Lord Bishop, might, could, or ought to have held or enjoyed the fame before the passing of this Act, or in case this Act: had never been made.

XXXVI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General _ and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Corporate aiutifer and Politic, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Admi- Rights, nistrators, all such Right, Title, Estate, and Interefi (other than those meant and intended to be barred and destroyed by this Act) as they, every

or any of them, had and enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the Commons and Waste Lands hereby intended to be inclosedas aforesaid, or any Part thereof* before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed before the passing thereof, or in case this Act had not been made.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by This Act may the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so be given in printed, mall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and Evideacc‘ others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. i8c8.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 132.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Horton, in the County of Stafford.

[18th June 1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the Manor of Horton, in which are situate the Parish of Horton, and the several Townships of Endor Longsdon and Stanley, in the Parish of Leek, and the Township of Bagnall in the Parish of Stoke-upon-Trent, all in the County of Stafford, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, containing in the Whole by Estimation, One thousand Six hundred Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas Edmund Antrobus, Esquire, is Lord of the said Manor, and as such is Owner of the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and of all Mines and Minerals within and under the fame, and is also Patron of the Perpetual Curacy of Horton: And whereas the said Edmund Antrobus, Proprietor#, the Most Honourable George Granville Leveson Marquis of the County of Stafford, the Right Honourable George Earl of Macclesfield, Sir Thomas Fletcher Baronet, John Sparrow9 William Sneyd, John Fowler, John Haworth,

Thomas Mills, Michael Daintry, William Debank Hand, John Daniel,

Ralph Stevenson, and several other Persons, are Proprietors of and interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds: And whereas an A&. was Act of 4.1G.3. passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King recUcd* Gco*ge the Third, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually infected in Acts (f Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fadls usually required on the puffing of such Acts: And \_Loc. iff Per.J 28 G whereas

$»5*o

4$° GEORGII III. Cap. 132.

ci'i'urc °J ! l' w^ereas would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Persons who are Proprietors of and interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds if the fame were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts and Shares thereof assigned and allotted unto the several Proprietors and Persons interested, according and in proportion to their several and respective Properties, Rights, and Interests therein: but such Division, Allotment, and Inclosure cannot be effectually made and established without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Map-fly that it may be enacted: and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority

Corarritfioner. of the fame, That Thomas Rowley, of Overton in the County of Stafford, Gentleman, shall be and he is hereby appointed the Commissioner for setting out, dividing, and allotting the said Commons and Waste Grounds in Manner herein-after directed, and for carrying this Act into Execution, and also such of the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Orders, Clauses, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act, as are not varied or altered or otherwise provided for by this Act.

For detfing a

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Thomas

fioTer"°aUIi'*" Rowley, or any Commissioner to be hereafter appointed in Manner herein after mentioned, shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby and by the said recited Act in him veiled, die or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner in this or under the said recited Act, or without some lawful Cause neglect to attend a Meeting for putting this Act or the said recited Act into Execution for the Space of One Calendar Month after he shall have received Notice in Writing, from any Person interested in the said Inclosure, of the passing hereof, or requiring him to attend as a Commissioner, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Edmund Antrobus, his Heirs and Assigns, Lord or Lords of the Did Manor, and the Persons who respectively for the Time being shall be interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds so intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, or the major Part of them in Value (to be ascertained by the Land Tax Assessments) who shall attend by thein-fielves or their Agents or Attornies at a Meeting to be called by or determined by the Order of One or more of the said Proprietors for that Purpose, at fomp convenient Place in Leek aforesaid, in pursuance of Notice to be given by Advertisement to be infer ted in the Newspaper called The Staffordshire Advertiser, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood cf Leek aforesaid, and to be affixed oil one of the principal outer Doors of the respective Parish Churches of Horten, Leek, and Sioke-upon-Trent, at least Ten Days before such Meeting, by Writing under their Hands, or the Hands of their Agents or Attornies, to nominate, elect, and appoint from Time to Time some other fit and proper Person (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Place of such Commissioner so dying, refusing, neglecting or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and such Commissioner when elected in Manner as aforesaid shall, after taking the Oath prescribed in that Behalf, have the fame Powers and Authorities in all Rclpefts for carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution, as if he had been originally named and appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act.

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 132. 2511

TIT; And be it further enacted, That all such Surveys, Admeasurements ^'.rJe£'J’rs ip' and Plans as shall be rquisite and necessary to be made and taken for the p Purposes of carrying this Act into Execution, shall be made and taken by Matthew We/ion of Rudyerd Hall, in the Parish of Leek aforesaid, and Charles Heaton, of Leek aforesaid, Land Surveyors, or by such other Fcr-fbn or Persons as the said Commissioner shall from Time to Time nominate and appoint, in case he or they shall think proper to discharge them, or either of them, or any future Surveyor.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall cause public Notice to be given upon some Sunday before Divine Service, by Writing to be affixed upon one of the principal outer Doors of each of the

Parish Churches of Horton, Leek, and Stoke-upon-Trent, and also by Advertisement to be inserted in the said Newspaper called The Staffordfiire Advert ifer, if then published^md if not then in some other Newspaper printed or circulated in the Neighbourhood of Leek aforesaid, of the Time and Place of the first and every subsequent Attendance for the Execution of this.

Act or the said recited Act, Ten Days at lealt before every such Attendance shall be held (Attendances by Adjournment only excepted); and the said Commissioner shall attend from Time to Time as he shall see Occasion, at some Place within the Manor of Horton, or at some other Place within the Distance of Eight Miles from the Boundary of the said Manor of Horton; and all other Notices necessary or requisite to be made and given by the said Commissioner in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act, shall be made and given by Writing and Advertisement in like Manner as herein-before is mentioned,

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall be a!- coaSffijBer. lowed the Sum of Two Pounds twelve Shillings and Sixpence for his Trouble and Expences for each Day he shall necessarily attend in the Execution

of the Powers of this Act or the said recited Act, and that out of such Allowance he shall pay and defray his own Charges and Expences.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Person whomsoever, from and after the passing of this Act until the Execution out Leaw'of" of the Award of the said Commissioner, to cut, dig, pare, flay, get or carry the Commit-away any Turf, Clay, Soil, Stone, Gorse or any Dung, in, upon or from the fioner' said CoramonsandWafte Grounds, orany Part thereof, withouttheLeaveand Licence of the said Commissioner first had and obtained in Writing under his Hand, which Leave and Licence he is hereby empowered to grant under such Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Restrictions, as he shall think proper; and if any Person shall, after the passing of this Act, cur, dig, pare, flay, get or carry away any Turf, Clay, Soil, Stone, Gorse or Dung, in, upon, or from such Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without such Leave and Licence of the said Commissioner, or having obtained such Leave and Licence, shall act in any Manner contrary thereto, or to the Rules, Orders, P 'gulations, and Restrictions therein contained, then and in every such Case every such Person being convicted thereof either by his or her own Confession, or upon Oath of one credible Witness before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, not being interested (who may summon the Parties concerned, and examino such Witnesses upon Oath relating to the said Complaint) shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay such Sum of Money as the said Justice shall 6 appoint,

25*2

Encroach-

E.-rcroach-ment*f ma.le

Years-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 132.

appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, which Penalty shall be recovered, paid, and applied towards the Discharge of the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which shall have been made upon or from the said Commons and Waste Grounds without legal Interruption, or without having paid any Rent or Rents, or made any Attornment or Attornments to or for the Use of the Freeholders and Copyholders within the said Manor for Twenty Years or upwards previous to the First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and seven, and for which any Rent or Rents or Acknowledgment or Acknowledgments hath or have been paid to the said EdnmndAntrobus, or his Predecessors as Lords of the said Manor within that Period, shall, with the Cottages and Buildings thereon, be deemed to belongto the said Edmund Antrobus asLord of the said Manor; and all such other Encroachments as shall have been made upon or from the said Commons and Waste Grounds for Twenty Years or upwards without legal Interruption, or without having paid any Rent or Rents or made any Attornment or Attornments to or for the Use of the said Freeholders and Copyholders before the said Fird Day of January, and for which no Rent or Rents or Acknowledgment or Acknowledgments hath or have been paid to the said Edmund Antrobus, or his Predecessors as Lords of the said Manor within that Period, shall, with the Cottages and Buildings thereon, be deemed to belong to and are hereby vested in the several Persons who are the Owners and Proprietors thereof respectively, whether occupying by themselves or Tenants, their several and respective Heirs and Assigns.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which shall have been made upon or from the said Commons and Waste Grounds, within Twenty Years next before the said First Day of January, or for which any Rent or Rents or Acknowledgment or Acknowledgments shall have been paid, or any Attornment or Attornments made to or for the Use of the Freeholders and Copyholders within the said Manor, within such Period, shall be deemed Part of such Commons and Waste Grounds; but all such last-mentioned Encroachments, with the Cottages and Buildings thereon, shall be allotted to the Person or Persons who at the Time of passing this Act shall, in his, her, or their own Right, be in Possession of, or in Receipt of or entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Encroachments, for his, her, or their Share or Proportion of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, by virtue of this Act, or so far as the lame will extend in Value according to the present improved State; but in case any such last-mentioned Encroachments and Buildings shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioner be of greater Value than the Share or Proportion of the said Commons and Waste Grounds which the Person or Persons so entitled ought to have by virtue of this Art or the said recited Act, then and in such Case the said Commissioner is hereby authorized to fell and allot such Encroachments or Parts of Encroachments to such Person or Persons w'ho, if he, she, or they was or were entitled to a diffident Allotment from the said Commons and Waste Grounds, would-be entitled to have the fame allotted as aforesaid, at such Sum or Sums of Money as he shall adjudge the same to be worth in its present State, and the same shall be paid to the said Commissioner, and when received by him Diall be applied towards defraying the Cods,

Charges,

25*S

48° GEORGII III. Cap. r3z.

Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act; and if any such last-mentioned Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioner shall so adjudge, at the Time fixed by him for that Purpose, then the said Commissioner is hereby required to allot such surplus Part of such last-mentioned Encroachments unto such other Person or Persons so entitled as he ffiali think proper, in Part or in full of his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, as the Case may be, but according to the improved State: Provided always, that in case any such last-mentioned Encroachments or any Part or Parts thereof, shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioner be thought proper or more convenient to be laid to the Lands of any other Person entitled to an Allotment or Allotments from the said Commons and Waste Grounds, then and in such Case the said Commissioner is hereby required to allot such last-mentioned Encroachments, or such Part thereof as he shall think proper, according to the present improved State, unto such other Person or Persons so entitled, in Part or in full of his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, as the Case may be.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall at the Time of the passing of this Act be in Possession of, or in his, her, or their own Right, in Receipt of or entitled to the Rents and Profits of any of such last-mentioned Encroachments or Buildings, who shall not be entitled to any Allotment from the said Commons and Waste Grounds under or by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, then and in any such Case the said Commissioner is hereby authorized to fix such Price on such Encroachments and Buildings, or such Part or Parts thereof that he may think proper to be sold, as he shall consider a full and fair Value for the fame in the present State; and in case such Person or Persons so in Possession or entitled as aforesaid, shall pay the Purchase Money or Price so fixed for the same to the said Commissioner at such Time as he shall appoint to receive the same, then and in such Case every such Encroachments with the Buildings thereon, for which the full Purchase Money shall be so paid, shall immediately thereupon be absolutely discharged of and from the Common and other Rights thereon or therein (other than such as are hereby reserved to the said Edmund Anlrobus as Lord of the said Manor as aforesaid) and be veiled in Fee Simple in and thenceforth held in Severalty by such Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, as his, her, or their own Property, and shall be allotted accordingly by the said Commissioner, and the said Purchase Money shall be applied by the said Commissioner towards defraying the Charges and Expences of this Act, and carrying the fame and the said recited Act into Execution; and if any such last-mentioned Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay such Price as the said Commissioner shall so fix at the Time appointed by him for that Purpose, then such Encroachments with the Buildings thereon (if any) which shall not be so paid for as aforesaid, shall be allotted as Common and Waste Grounds: Provided always, that in case any such last-mentioned Encroachments, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall, in the Judgment ofrhe said Commissioner, be thought proper or more convenient to be laid to the Lands of any Person entitled to an Allotment or Allotments from the said Commons and Waste Grounds, then and in such Case the said Commissioner is hereby required to allot such last-mentioned Encroachments, or such Part thereof as he shall think proper, according to the present improved State, unto such other Person or Persons so entitled, [Loc. Es8 Per.] 28 H ia

Power for

Comniifltener to frl, Enas do not 1I--t.ifsre with Propi tetors, a* he shall think proper at a full and fair Valuation.

25*4- 4S0 GEORGII III/ Cap. 132-.

in Part or in full of hi?, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, as the CaTe may be

s-’r-y'- s pro- X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the Sum or Sums t/h/div/ecjS Money so received by the said Commissioner shall be more than brtwren Pro- sufficient for the Purpose of defraying- the Colls, Charges, and Expences of a'c-idn'" so'* and executing this A Cl, then and in such Case such Surplus

thcii iriiercrts, Money shall be divided and apportioned between the several Proprietors th^ott tWC>n an^ Persons interested in the Lands hereby direct ed to be divided and pi-m/as'0’ inclosed, in such Shares as shall be in Proportion to such their respective dii ci-'ed by Property, Rights and Interests; and the respective Shares of such of them Ai", 41 G 3‘ as shall be Tenants in Fee Simple of their respective Allotments shall be paid to them respectively; and the Shares of such other Proprietors or Persons of and in such Surplus Money shall be applied and disposed of in Maimer directed by the said recited Act, in case any Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

Commissionfr

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Question or Dispute shall t. fitt:e D.f- arise between any Person or Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds before the setting out and allotting the fame in Manner herein-after mentioned, touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have, in, upon or over the fame Commons and Waste Grounds, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment or Inclosure, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said Commissioner to determine the Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

Power to atTcis

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioner shall

Costs. upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Obje6Hon

or Objections to be delivered to him in pursuance of this Act or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as he shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioner shall be made, by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in any such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand, directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refuting to pay the fame, rendering the Surplus (jf any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods 6 and

2515

4.8* GEORGII III. Cap. 132.

and Chattels shall have been so didrained and fold, after deducing the Costs and Charges attending such Bifircfs and Sale.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Allowing Par-Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, inte- alghth by an relied or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allot- iiiueat Law. roents, shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioner, touching or concerning their respective Rights or Interefis, in, over or upon

the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or any Part thereof, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, so diflatis.fied, to proceed :o a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioner, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Stafford; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Coinmifiicner, shall cause an Action to be brought or commenced on a- feigned Ilfue against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within One Calendar Month next after such Determination of the said Commissioner shall have been made known to such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and shall proceed to Trial thereon as aforesaid; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, fire or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Ilfue or Ilfues whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on may be tried and determined, such Ilfue or Ilfues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding and conclusive upon and to all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate whatsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial or new Trials to be had thereupon, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cafes; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to act in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Com- Determination missioner, touching such Rights or Interefis. in, over or upon the said fioner^o'be Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and final if not inclosed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being ob- a&?o r° or jected to, the Party or Parties objecting not causing such Action at Law to brought, he brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon ail and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Paities in any Ac- If any Party tion to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the fape, such ProceeJ* Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no abate, such Event had happened.

2516

lo. Cafes of Deaths of J’art'es before Act! 113 brought, the same to be can i*d on and d,fended in beir Name*.

Persons in Possellioo not f*» f>c molested

CouileoiLaw-

AHctmentsfor Watering Places and jetting btone.

Not to affect Waters run-1.in to Har-raclcs Mill,

4.8" GEORGII III. Cap. 132.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whole Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and against whom any such Action or Actions might have been brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the lame within the Time so limited as aforesaid against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk of the said Commissioner with Pro* eels for commencing such Action or Actions in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it lha.ll thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living; and the Rights cf all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioner to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Pofifession of any of such Parties, except in Cafes of Encroachments within the Period of Twenty Years, as herein-before mentioned; but in case the said Commissioner shall be of Opinion against the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Pofifession shall have been given up by or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or other due Course of Law.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby authorized and empowered, after he shall have set out and appointed the necessary public Carriage Roads and Highways through and over the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, to assign, set out and allot such and so many Plots and Parcels of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as he shall think proper and necessary to be used for the Purpose of public Watering Places for Cattle, or for digging and getting Stone, Gravel and other Materials for the making or repairing the Bridges, Highways, and Roads within the said Manor, and for the Use of the Proprietors of Estates within the same Manor, and their Tenants for the Time being, for and in respect of their Estates within the same j and that the Herbage growing and renewing in and upon the Lands lo to be set out as aforesaid shall be veiled in such Person or Persons and applied to such Uses as the said Commissioner shall by his Award direct.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall enable or empower the said Commissioner to do any Act or Acts to injure, affect or lcflerfthe Reservoir of Water on Longfdon-Mcor or the Pools, Streams, Springs, or Watercourses which supply the MilJ called Harrades Mill otherwise Horton Mill, the Property of the said Thomas Mills, with Water; or any other Pool, Stream, Spring or Watercourse, without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons from whose Lands

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 134. 2S!7

such Pool, Stream, Spring or Watercourse shall be diverted or turned, and into whose Lands the lame shall be conveyed.

XIX. And whereas a Messuage or Tenement and Building was lately Aliment for erected upon a small Piece of Land, Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, called The height or Leigh Road, and which contains half an

Acre, or thereabouts, for the Purpose of a School for the Benefit of poor Children reftdent within the said Manor; be it therefore enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby authorized and required to assign, set out and allot the said Piece of Land, with the said' Messuage or lene-ment and Building thereon, unto Five or more Persons, being Freeholders reftdent in or near Horten, and their Heirs, together with the Curate for the Time being of the said Curacy of Horton, as Trustees for the faitie j and the said Piece of Land, Messuage or Tenement and Building thereon, hiall be vested in the said Trustees and their Heirs for ever, for the like Purposes to which the same are at present applied, but under such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioner shall in and by the said Award direct.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the saidf Commissioner, after he A'^uneMt^to shall have set out the said public Roids and Highways, and the said Allot-: ti,e jvian0i. mentsfor public Watering Places, getting Stojie,.and for other public Uses

as aforesaid, and the said Allotment to the said Trustees to the said School-house, do and shall set out and allot unto and for the Lord of the said Manor of Horton, so much and such Part and Parts of the then Residue of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioner, be equal in Value to One full Sixteenth! Part or Shard of such Residue of the said Commons and Waste Grounds,.in full Satisfaction for his Right and Interest in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds which j shall be inclosed by virtue of this Act, and the Stone {except Lirneftone and Ironstone) Slate, Gravel, Clay and Sand with' in and under the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That such Part of the Fences asthd Lords A,!oN said Commissioner shall direct to belong to the Allotment or Allotments to £nced a° i if? be made to the said Edmund Anirohus, as Lord of the said Manor of Hor* Expense of the ton as aforesaid, by virtue of this Act, shall be walled or ditched and planted PrcPnetors* with Ouickfet, or otherwise well and sufficiently made utider the Direction of the said Commissioner within such Time, and paid for out of the Monies to be raised for the Purposes of this Act, and in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall direct and appoint; but such Walls, Hedges, Ditches, or other Mounds and Fences when made, shall for ever thereafter be mam- tained by the said Edmund Antrobus, his Heirs or Assigns.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and Allotments he is hereby authorized and required, in the next Place, to divide, set out

and allot all the Residue of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby the Propiie. intended to be divided and inclosed, unto, between and amongst the said tc*‘ Edmund Antrobus (as a Proprietor) and the several other Proprietors and Persons who, at the Time of making such Division and Allotment, shall be entitled to the Right of Common thereon, or otherwise intefefted therein, in Proportion to their several and respective Shares, Estates, Rights,

Properties and Interests; and, from and after such Division and Allot-\Loe, Id Per.] 28 J mei>t

2518 4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 132,

mefit shall be made and perfected, it is hereby declared, that all the Soil and Stone (except Ironstone and Limestone) Slate, Gravel, Clay and Sand, lying and being within or under the said Commons and Waste Grounds, shall go and belong to the Person or Persons in or under whose Allotment and Allotments the same shall be situate.

Fencing other

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Several Allotments to be

Allotments. made by virtue of this Act (save and except the Allotment or Allotments to be made to the Lord of the said Manor as such Lord) shall be well and fufhciently enclosed, walled, hedged, ditched and fenced at the Expence of the respective Proprietors to whom such Fences shall be directed to belong, within such Time and in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall by his said Award, or any other Writing under his Hand, direct or appoint.

Allotments in

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said or Uothe?Ult Commissioner, at the Request and with the Consent of the Parties in-Rents. terested, to be signified by Writing under their respective Hands, to assign

and set out unto such Person or Persons as are entitled to any Fee Farm Rents, Chief Rents, Quit Rents, or other dry and unimproveable Rents, arising or payable from or out of any Lands, or Hereditaments belonging to any of the Proprietors of or Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby intended to be inclosed, such Portion or Portions of the Allotment or Allotments to be made from off the said Commons and Waste Grounds to such Person or Persons respectively who shall be desirous of being exonerated from any such Rents as aforesaid, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioner be equivalent to the Fee Simple and Inheritance of such Rents, and in lieu of and in full Compensation for all the Fee Farm Rents, Chief Rents, Ouit Rents, or other dry and unimproveable Rents arising or due or payable, or which could or might arise or become due or payable from or out of any Lands or Hereditaments belonging to any of the Proprietors of or Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby intended to be inclosed, and that such Rents to be respectively compensated for as aforesaid, and the Lands to be allotted in Heu thereof, shall be specified in the Award of the said Coin-raisiioner: Provided nevertheless, that no Allotment or Allotments shall be made from off the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby intended to be.divided, and inclosed for or in lieu of any Fee Farm Rents, Chief Rents', Quit Rents, or other dry and unimproveable Rents held in Right of any'Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent (signified as aforesaid) of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese in wh1 :h the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments out of which such Rents shall arile or be payable shall lie and be situate.

XXV. Provided further, That all and every Allotment or Allotment^ which shall be made from off the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, to be set out for and in respect of any Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments which are wholly or in Part Tythe-free or exempt from Tythes, shall in like Manner also be Tythe-free or exempt from such Tythes; and that all and every such Allotment or Al. lotments to be set out for and in respect of any Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments which are subject to any Tythes, Modules, or other Payments in lieu of Tythes, shall, as well a? the Messuages, Lands, or Here-i-. ditaments

Allot merits in respefct of Tyth: free Lands to be Tytlie free*

25'9

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 132.

ditaments in respect of which the same shall be so set out, be and remain likewise subject to the like Tythes, Modules, or other Payments in lieu of Tythes.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and may from Time to Time, as he shall think proper, deliver to t he several ^on oi' Ai-Persons interested in the several Divisions and Allotments to be set out loiments. under this Act, Possession of their respective Allotments hereby directed . '

to be made and set out, not with (landing the Award of the said Commissioner shall not then be made and executed: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, at any Time before the executing his said Award, to make such Alteration in all or any of the Allotments and Fences which he may have set out and ordered, and also in every private Road or Roads made over any such Allotment or Allotments, as he shall think right and expedient; and in case any Person or Persons shall be injured by any such Alterations, on account of any Expenses he, she, or they may have incurred, then and in every such Gale the said Commissioner shall ascertain and determine what Recompence shall be made to him, her, or them, and shall direct by whom and in what Manner such Recompence shall be made, and such Recompence is hereby directed to be made accordingly.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Allotments Allotments to to be made to the Owners or Proprietors of E(fates within the said Manor of xtnure^as tile Horton, in Right of or in respect of any Freehold Messuages, Lands, or Lands for Hereditaments, shall, from and immediately after the Execution of the

Award of the said Commissioner, be and be deemed Freehold; and all ihe dif-

and every the Allotments, to be made in Right of or in respect of any

Copyhold Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments, by virtue of this Act, shall, beafeertafned.

from and after the Execution of the said Award, be and be deemed Copy-

hold, and shall be held as such by Copy of Court Roll, at the Will of the Lord of the said Manor, according to the Custom of such Manor, and

under and subject to the fame Tenures, Rents, Payments, Fines, Heriots,

Customs, and Services, as the Copyhold Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments respectively, for or in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, are now held; and the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby authorized to ascertain, delineate, and distinguish, in his Survey, Map, and Award, all such Copyhold Allotments, with their respective Boundaries and Abuttals from the Freehold Allotments; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any fucL Copyhold Allotment or Allotments shall be made, shall, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner, be respectively admitted Copyhold Tenants to the Lands so allotted to them; and on each of such Admulions the nominal Fine of One Shilling only shall be paid, together with the adcustomed Charges and Fees to the Steward, Juries, and Bailiffs of the Court, of the said Manor, but such nominal Fine shall not hereafter be cited as a Precedent on any future Occasion of Fines to be taken in respect of such Allotments, or entered in the Court Rolls of the said Manor; and if any Person or Persons to whom such Allotment or Allotments shall be made,

shall, within the Time above limited, refuse or neglect to be admitted a Copyhold Tenant or Copyhold Tenants thereof respectively as before mentioned, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being to enter upon the Allotr ^nt or a Allotments

a$2o

No Sheep to be kept in Al lot men ts for 7 Years with ©ut guarding Quicks.

Not to prejudice any Will Settlement, K

48° GEORGII III. Cap. r32.

Allotments belonging to the Person or Persons To refuting or neglectingtt) be admitted Tenant thereof as aforesaid, as and for a Forfeiture, and to hold the same as in case of other forfeited Estates within the said Manor.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Sheep or Lambs shall be depastured or kept in any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act, where Quick Fences shall be planted, during the Space of Seven Years next after the Execution of the said Award, unless the Person or Persons so keeping the same shall first, at his, her, or their own Expence, make and maintain a Fence sufficient to guard the young Quick Fences round such Allotments from being cropped, hurt or damaged by such Sheep or Lambs, whether such Quick Fences be planted or let by or belong to the Owner or Occupier or Owners or Occupiers of such Allotment or Allotments as aforesaid, or the Owner or Occupier or Owners or Occupiers of the Allotment or Allotments adjoining thereto; and if the Persons respectively so depasturing or keeping or turning such Sheep or Lambs into any of the said Allotments shall not have first well and sufficiently guarded all such Quick Fences as aforesaid, then and in every such Case every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds, and such Penalty shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered t6 grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of an'v credible Witness upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer); and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising hv such Distress and Sale shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Distress; and such Penalty when recovered shall be paid to the Person whose Quicks shall or may be damaged for want of such guarding as aforesaid.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to revoke, make

void, alter, or annul any Will, Settlement, or other freed, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Estates, Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances, out of, upon or affecting any of the Lands and Hereditaments to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or which shall be exchanged or partitioned by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, but that the respective Persons to whom any Lands or Hereditaments shall be so allotted or given in Exchange or by Partition shall be seised thereof to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and under and subject to such and the fame Settlements, Limitations, Remainders, Jointures, Rents, Charges, and Incumbrances, and under such and the fame Restrictions, Covenants, and Agreements, as the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whereof such Person was seised or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the Award to be made by the said Commissioner, or for which or in lieu or in respect whereof such Allotment, Exchange or Partition shall be made as aforesaid, would have been subject to, charged with or affected by, in case this Act had not been made,

4-3® GEORGII lit. Cap. 132. 2521

XXX. And be it further enacted That the said Commissioner may and [e^iar Racit he is hereby airested and authorized (on Applica ion made to him for that KentS Purpose in Writing by any of the Parties interested) to declare void any

Lease or Leases at Rack Rent now subsisting, granted for any Term not exceeding Twenty-one Years, which may affect any of the Lands to be inclosed, exchanged or divided within the And Manor by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act (and the same shall acc rdingly cease at such Time or Times as the said Commissioner shall by Writing under his Hand order and appoint); and the said Commissioner is hereby empowered to adjudge and determine what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to the Lefiee or Lessees of every such Lease or Leases, and by whom and at what Time such Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made; and in case such Recompence and Satisfaction shall not be made accordingly, then it shall be lawful to and for such Lefiee or Lessees to sue for and recover the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe: Provided always, that if there shall be any such Lease of Lands as aforesaid. Part of which shall lie in the said Manor, and Part in any adjoining Manor, Parish or Township, all and every such Lease or Leases may be vacated, but where any Lands shall have been taken in Exchange, which Lands shall be under Lease and wholly situate in any adjoining Manor, Parish or Township, such last-mentioned Lease shall not be vacated.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person i» case any or Persons hath or have fold, or contrafted or agreed to fell, or shall at *rf.n shall at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner £ ghlf* fell, contract or agree to fell, his, her or their Right, Interest or Property, r'-«- Allotment in, over or upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part

thereof, to any other Person or Persons, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required to make an Allotment of Land to the Purchaser or Purchasers in such Sale, Contract or Agreement, or to his, her or their Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of such Right, Interest or Property so fold, contrafted agreed to be sold as aforesaid; and every such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her or their Heirs or Assigns, shall and may, from and after the Exe-f cution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor or Vendors in every such Sale, Contract or Agreement might, could or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in case such Sale, Contract or Agreement had not been made.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and Commitficnt* he is hereby authorized and required, in all Cafes wherein his Judgment ^’^j'Vcr*

it shall appear to be requisite or proper, or more convenient for the Occu- wa pari on of the Lands and Tenements within the said Manor, to divert and turn any old or accustomed Road or Way or Path passing or leading through or over any Part of the Old Inclosures within the said Manor, or to flop upc or discontinue such Roads, Ways, and Passages as to the said Commissioner shall seem meet and proper: Provided always, that no such Road,

Way, or Path shall be diverted, turned, flopped up or discontinued without such Concurrence and Order, and subject to such Appeal as is mentioned and contained in the said recited Act. s

[Loc. & Per.}

*8 K

2522 43‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 112.

C. mmiiHcner

XXXIII. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said AuVnu^Tto Commissioner, in case he shall be requeued by Writing under the Hand ot Tenants f r Hands of any Person or Persons being Tenant for Life or in Tail, or other t xptnces.,01 Person being in Possession of but not having the absolute Estate or Interest in any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within ti:e said Manor, to sell and dispose of so much of the respective Allotment or Allotments to be made to such Person or Persons in respect of luck Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioner be equal in Value to the respective Proportions of the Expellees of obtaining and puting into Execution this Act and the said recited Act which such Person or Persons may be charged with, and the Expences of fencing, ditching and inclosing the Allotment or Allotments of such Person or Persons; and the said Commissioner shall assign, allot and award the said Lands to be sold to such Person or Persons as he thall think proper, upon Payment of the Value thereof by such Person or Persons to the said Commissioner, who ffial! apply the lame in or towards the Payment of such Expences, and in fencing, ditching, and inclosing the said Allotment or Allotments respectively.

Dif ofa! nf

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Surplus shall re-SurpuiMo- main after Payment of such Expences as aforesaid, such Surplus shall be paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, if seised in Fee of such Lands, or otherwise such Surplus shall be paid into the Bank of England in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, with respect to fv'oney to be paid for the Purchaseor Exchange of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Colls, Charges and Expences of making such of the Fences for inclosing the Allotments herein directed to be made to the said Edmund Antrobus, his Heirs and Assigns, as Lord of the Manor aforesaid, as shall by the Award of the said Commissioner be directed to belong thereto, and to be maintained by the said Lord as aforesaid, and all the Colls, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining this Act, and of surveying, admeasuring, planing, and valuing the Old inclosed Lands and Grounds within the said Manor, and also of surveying, admeasuring, planning and valuing, dividing and allotting the Commons and Waste Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, and of preparing and enrolling the Award of the said Commissioner, and all the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioner, his Assistants, Surveyors and Servants, and all other necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said Commissioner in and about the Premises either before or after the it xecution of the said Award, and all Expences of forming, completing and repairing the public Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said Commissioner, and all other Expences of carrying this Act into Execution (save and except the Expences ol Exchanges. Partitions or Compensations by Allotment in lieu of Rents, and the ascertaining and measuring the Encroachments in and to which Rights have been gained which are hereinafter mentioned and directed to be otherwise borne and paid) shall be borne and defrayed by the several Persons being Proprietors of Lands or Grounds to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act, (save and except the said

Edmund

2523

&lej

sued

of *4 teak

'ss to fttetii

Ak-

ii! re-

»H be

ands, n the: paid its. or cugbt tahr

2nd

erein

igus,

.'ok-

laid

iand

plan-

laid

livid’'

ami

and

and

ier-

:k*

ore

W

be

ceJ

id

ts

i

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 132.

Edmund Antrobus, his Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of the Allotment or Allotments to be set out, and made to him and them in lieu of Soil as Lord of the Manor aforesaid); which said Costs, Charges, and Expences, together with the Proportions thereof to be paid by the several Persons hereby made liable to the Payment thereof, shall be adjusted and settled by the said Commi (Ti oner; and the said Commissioner is hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time ro make and form Estimates of all such Coils, ('.barges, and Expences, and to raise the Amount of such Estimates by a Rate or Rates from Time to Time as he shall deem necessary and proper in Manner dirtded in and by the said recited Act,

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to set out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Here- b ditaments wh. t’oever within the said Manor of Horton and the several Town-

ships of Endon, Longsdon, and Stanley, in the said Parish of Leek, and in the Township of Bagnall. in the said Parish of Stoke-upon-T/ent respectively, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Manor, Townships, Parishes, and Places respectively, or within any adjoining Township, Parish, or Place; provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioner, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants, in Fee Simple or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Life, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Con.ent of the Guardians, Trusteesj Feoffees for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges, shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consent to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively; and all and every Exchange and Exchanges so to be made, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent testified as aforesaid of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie and be situate.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Costs, Exaen-w of Charges and Expences attending the making of any Exchange or Exchanges, Exti.angesaiul Partition or Partitions, or Allotment or Allotments in lieu of or Cornpenfa- ^r^1otr^"sbty tion for any Rents to be made by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, the Peiioiu or in surveying and ascertaining any Encroachments which may have been »*king:htnu made from the said Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Manor

for upwards of Twenty Years, and to which any Persons may have become entitled in Manner aforesaid, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the several Persons making such Exchanges and Partitions or Compensations, and who may have become entitled to any such Encroachments as aforesaid, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioner shall, in and by any

25 2+

Proprietors

ann -‘.gents piy their 01

For allowin Intcrelt on Money ail-▼anced.

Commi (Hon-

JnAices ones ttery Year.

Award to

deputed.

+8° GEOE.GII III. Cap. 132.

any Rate or Rates to be by the said Commissioner from Time to Time made, and as he shall order and direct, and which shall be raised and levied in the like Manner as Expences for obtaining any Ad are in and by the said recited Act directed to be levied.

XXXVIII. Provided always, That the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioner at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall advance any Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposeof defraying the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act or carrying the fame into Execution, every such Person shall be fepaid the fame, together with lawful Interest from the Time of advancing thereof, out of the Monies that shall be raised for defraying such Expences; which Sum or Sums of Money so to be advanced as aforesaid, and the Interest thereof, shall be a Charge upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, until the same shall be raised and repaid.

XL. And be it further enacted, That once at lead in each Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of e the passing thereof) the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by him received and expended, or due to him for his own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when lo made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by him laid before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County of Stafford, and not interested in the Premises, to be by him or them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justice or Justices stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept at the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioner j and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parriec concerned, or valid in Law, unless the fame shalihave been duly allowed by such Justice or Justices.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioner, when enrolled in Manner directed by the said recited Act, shall be depolired and kept within the Parish Church of Horton aforesaid, to the End that Recourse may be had thereto by any Person or Persons interested in the said inclosure.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggi ieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act or the said recited Act (other than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioner as are by the said recited Act or this Act declared to be final or conclusive, and except in such Cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein-before mentioned) then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to any General Quarter Seflipns of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Stafford within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, by giving Ten Days Notice in Writing of stich Appeal and of the Matter thereof to the said Commissioner and to the Party or Parties concerned; and the Justices at the said General Quarter Sessions are hereby required 4 td

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 132.

to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal, and to make such Orders therein, and award such Cods as to them in their Discretion shall feeni reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Cods which flia.lt be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Surplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive upon ail Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster;, but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices frivolous, vexations, or without Foundation, then and in such Case the said Justices fluil! award such Colls to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and such Colts Hull be levied in Manner last mentioned.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this s Act contained shall prejudice, lefien, cr defeat the Right, Title, or lute* [ rest of the said Edmund Antrobus, his Heirs or Assigns, as Lord of the said Manor of Horton, or any future Lord or Lords thereof, in or to any of the Royalties cr Seigniories incident or belonging to the said Manor, but that he the said Edmund Antrobus, his Heirs or Assigns, as Lord of the said Manor, and all other succeeding Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, shall and may at all Times for ever hereafter hold and enjoy all Rents, Services, Courts, Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themselves and put hi Exigent, Deodands, Waifs, Estrays and Forfeitures; and that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to prejudice, lessen or defeat the Right, Title or Interest of the said Edmund Antrobus, his Heirs and Assigns, as Lord of the said Manor of Horton, to the Mines, Beds, Veins and > earns of Coal, Cannel Slack, Ironstone, Limestone, or other Mines or Minerals in or under the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby intended to be inclosed (faveand except all other Stone, Slate, Gravel, Clay, and Sand) the fame being hereby reserved to him the said Edmund Amrobus, his Heirs and Assigns, as Lord of the said Manor, with full and free Liberty, Power and Authority for him and them from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter to hold, win, work and enjoy all Mines, Beds, Veins and Seams of Coal, Cannel Slack, Ironstone, Limestone, and other Mines and Minerals of what Nature or Kind soever (save and except as aforesaid) within and under the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby intended to be inclosed, together with all convenient and necessary Roads, Ways and Passages, and Liberty of laying, making, and repairing Waggonways and other Ways, in, over, and along the fame, or any Part thereof, and of searching for, winning and working the said Mines and Minerals, and leading and carrying away the Coal, Cannel Slack, Ironstone, Limestone, or other Produce thereof,(except as aforesaid) and sinking, digging and making Pits, Shifts, Pit Rooms, Heap Rooms, Stand Yards, Air Pits, Drifts, Levels, Ways and Watercourses (except such as supply Haracles otherwise Horton Mill as aforesaid) and of erecting and using Fire Engines or other Engines, and of altering, changing, pulling down and carrying away the fame, or any of the Materials thereof, and to have and use any Stone got in the Sinking Pits or Shafts, or working or getting the said Minerals so reserved \Loc. Ss? Per.'] 28 jL as

2526

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 132.

as aforesaid for the TJfes and Purposes of the said Works, but not for Sale, af his, her or their own free Will and Pleasure, and to do, employ, use and exercise all such other Machines, Acts and Things either now in Use or hereafter to be invented, as may be necessary and convenient for th^e full and complet^Enjoyment thereof, in as full, ample and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as he or they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made, he and they making and allowing to the several Owners or Occupiers of such Allotments respectively reasonable and adequate Recompence and Satisfaction for all such Damages as shall from Time to Time be done thereto, or to any Erections or Buildings that may at the Time of working or getting the said Mines and Minerals, or exercising the Privileges aforesaid, be erected or built thereupon, by or in the Use or Exercise of any such Right, Title, Interest, Liberty, Power, or Authority, in Proportion to the Loss thereby sustained by them respectively.

Power to view Mines One* a Day.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several Owners or Occupiers of such Allotments respectively, or their Servants or Workmen, at any Time or Times during the working of the said Mines or any of them, by the Ropes, Hooks, or other Engines used in any Pit or Pits, that may be sunk in any of the said Lands to be divided, allotted and inclosed, to ride and go down any such Pit or Pits, Shaft or Shafts, not exceeding Once in any One Day, into the said Mines, to view and fee the Works within and under the fame, and by the said Ways or Means to afeend and be drawn up the said Pit or Pits by the Workmen or Servants of the Person or Persons working or getting the said Coals (if required) or by any other Person or Persons brought by any such Owners or Occupiers.

Coneni XLV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs

Savin*. and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest (other than and except such as are meant and intended to be compensated for, barred or destroyed by this Act) of, in, to or in respect of the Commons and Waste Grounds and Hereditaments to be divided, allotted, inclosed or exchanged by virtue of this Act or the said recited Act, as he, she, they or any of them might or could have had or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

Act way be

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the river in Evi- Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty; and a Copy thereof so

C11CC‘ printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and

others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1S08.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 133.

An Act for allotting and inclosing the Forest or Chace of Charmceorl, otherwise Charley Forest or Chace, and Rothley Plain, in the County of Leicester.

[18th June 1808.}

WHEREAS there are within the County of Leicester several large , Trails of Open Commonable Grounds or Waste Lands, known by the Names of The Forest or Chace of Charnwood otherwise Charley Forest or Chace, and Rothley Plain, containing in the whole by Estimation, Eighteen thousand Acres or thereabouts: And whereas the Soil of the said Grounds and Lands, with other Rights in and over the fame, is verted, or reputed to bevelled, in the Lords or Owners of the several Manors, Lordships, Preciri&s, or Territories of Grooby, Barrow, Whitwick, Loughborough, Beaumanor, Sheepshead, Knight \Thorpe, Thorpe Acre, Garendon, Gracedieu, Belton, Ulvefcroft, Charley, Bar don, and Thringston, all in the Lid County o\ Leicester, or forne of them; together with the Honourable Augustus Richard Butler Danvers, and Peter Crompton, Esquire, who are also or claim to be entitled to the Soil and other Rights in and over Parts of the said Lands; and some other Persons who claim to be entitled to the Soil of small Portions thereof; and the respective Limits or Boundaries are for the most Part well known: And whereas the said Lands lie or are reputed to lie within the several Parishes, Constableries, Town ships,1 Hamlets, or Places of Rathy, Newtown Linford, Bradgate, Holgate, Thurcafton, Cropfion, Switbland, Barrow, Rothley, Woodhouse, Wecdhouse Eaves, Woodthorpe, Beaumanor, Loughborough, Knight Thorpe, Gar end on. Sheep*bead, Belton, Gracedieu, Thiingston, Whitwick, Hugglefcote, and' Donington on the Heath, Stanton-under Bar don, Markfieldt Ulvescrcft,

I Lot. & Per.~\ a 8 M Charley,

a530

48° GEORGII III. Cap. i33.

Charley, Mapplewell, and Bar don, alt in the said County of Leicester, or some of them: And whereas the Right Honourable George Harry Earl of Stamford and Warrington is Lord of the Manor of Grooby aforesaid, with its Members, and Rector Impropriate of Rathy, Newtown, Linford, Bradgati, and Holgate aforesaid, and Owner of all Impropriate ICythes arising within or belonging to the fame respectively; and the said; Earl is P.uron of the Vicarage of Rathy aforesaid, and allo-entitled tofhe Right of Patrohage, Donation or Nomination of or to the Church Newtown Linford\ and the Reverend George IIIff Fofter Clerk, is the present Vicar of Rathy, and Minister of Newtown Linford; and also the said Earl is entitled to an Ecclesiastical Peculiar Exempt Jurisdiction of Grooby, including Parts of the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands: And whereas the Right Honourable Francis Rawdon Hastings Earl of Moira is Lord of the several Manors of Barrow, Whitwick, and Loughborough aforesaid, with their respective Members, and Patron of the Rectory of Markfield, and of the Vicarage of Belton aforesaid; and the Reverend Richard Williams Cieik is the present Rector of Markfield; and the Reverend Charles Sandby Clerk is the present Vicar of Belton: And whereas William Ho rick Esquire is Lord of the Manor cf Beaumanor aforesaid, with its Members, and Owner of all Impropriate Tythes arising within the several Lordships, Hamlets, and Liberties of Beaumanor, Woodhouse and Woodhouse Eaves aforesaid: And whereas ’Thomas March Phillips Esquire i Lord of the several Manors or Precincts of Sheepshead, Knight Thorpe, Thorpe Acre, Garendon, and Gracedieu aforesaid, with their Members, Impropriate Owner of the Tythe of Thorpe Acre and Garendon, and also Patron of the Vicarage of Sheepshead aforesaid and the Reverend Charles Allfop Clerk, is the present Vicar of such Vicarage, and entitled to a Part of the Great and Small Tythes arising in such Parish; and John Beau.-mont Esquire and Norman Bramley Gentleman, or one of them, are or is entitled to all Impropriate Tythes arising in such Parish: And whereas Edward Daufon Esquire is Lord of the Manor of Belton aforesaid, and Impropriate Owner of one undivided Moiety of all Rectorial Tythes arising in the Parish of Belton aforesaid, and Richard Fowler Gemlcma* is entitled to the other Moiety of such Rectorial Tythes of the Parish of Belton: And whereas William Parkin Bofvilie Esquire is or claims to be Lord of the Manor or the Precind of the late Priory of Ulvefcroft aforesaid: And whereas Mary Bosworth Widow is or claims to be Lady of the Manor or reputed Manor or Precind of Charley aforesaid: And whereas William Hood Esquire is or claims to be Lord of the Manor or reputed Manor or Precind of Bar don aforesaid: And whereas Joseph Boultbee, Thomas Boult bee, John Boiiltbee, William Boultbee, and Charles Boultbee, Esquires, are Lords of the Manor of Tbringston aforesaid: And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is Patron of the Rectory of Switbland aforesaid; and the Reverend John Llwyd Clerk is the present Rector of such Rectory; and His said Majesty in Right of His Crown is seized of several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements in St ant on-under-Bar don (which i;S a Member of the said Manor of Grooby): And whereas Sir George Howland Beaumont Baronet is Impropriate Rector of Whitwick aforesaid, and entitled to all Redorial Tythes arising in Whitwick and Tbringflcn (which is a Member thereof): And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster, is Patron of the Vicarage of Whitwick aforesaid; and the Reverend Francis Harris Clerk is the present Vicar thereof: And whereas the Matter, Fellows and Scholars of x Saint

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

Saint Johh's College in the UnJverfity of Cathbridge are Patrons of the Vicarage of Barrcw aforesaid, and the Reverend William Eafion CKifc. is the crcfent Vicar of loch Vicriragfc; and the Trusters for certair. Charities founded by Doctor Babitigton in Barrow aforesaid, are 6r claim to be fh’rifled to certain tmprbprikrb Tythes ia.JSartbw aforesaid: And whereds she Master and Fellows of Emanuel College in the University of Cambridge are Pitrons of the Reftorjes of Thurcafton and Loughborough aforesaid; and the Reverend William Richardson Tyson Clerk is the prtferic Reftbr of Thurcafton, (to which Cropfion is a Chapelry)* and the Reverend Rickard Hardy Do ft or in Divinity is the present Rector of Loughborough (of which Knight Thorpe is a Member): And whereas the Right Reverend Father in Go & Thomas Lord Bishop of Rochester, in Right of his See, is Patron of the Rectory of Ibstock, which comprises the Townships of Hugglefcdte and Bonington on the Heath aforesaid *, and the Reverend Spencer Madan Clerk, Master of Arts, is the present Rector thereof: And whereas the Feoffees or Trustees of a certain Charity called Jackson's Charity, are entitled to all the Great or Reftorial Tythes arising in the Township of Stanton-under-Bardon aforesaid; And whereas the Right Honourable Charles Lord Vifcouht Maynard is Patron of the Vicarage of Thornton, to which the said Township of Stanton-under ~Bdr dok is a Chapelry , and the Reverend Alexander Simpson Clerk is the present Vicar thereof: And whereas the Owners and Occupiers of ancient Messuages and Cottages, Scites of Messuages and Cottages, Lands and Tenements, within the said several Manors',. Lordships, Precincts, Territories, Parities, Constableries, Townships, Hamlets, arid Places, and many other Parishes, Hamlets or Places contigubui to or bordering Upon the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands respectively, claim to be entitled to have and enjoy a Right of Common within arid upon the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands, or some Part or Parts thereof respectively: And whereas the Rectors, Vicars, or other Persons entitled to the Tythes of the other Parishes, Hamlets, or Places, contiguous to orbordering upon the said Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands, and claiming Commonage on the fame, or Parc or Parts thereof respre-tively, or of fame of them, suppose themselves to,be entitled to and claim certain Tythe or Tythes for the Increase of the Cattle of their refjpfective Parishioners going or depasturing on the said Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands, or some Part or Parts there »f respectively: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-full Year of the Reign of His ^refehf Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Proi'ifib'As J usually infer ted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the Rafts usually required on the pdjfing of such Aft 5: And whereas the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands iie in the Vicinity of several large manufacturing Towns, in nearly the Centre of the Kingdom; and great Parts thereof are in their present State.of little or nV> Value, but capable, if inclosed, of affording not only very great additional Pasturage, but also of producing great Quantities of Corn and Grain of all Kinds; and it would be of great public Utility as well as of great Benefit and Ad- f vantage to all Persons interested in the said Grounds and Lands respectively if the lame were inclosed, and allotted unto the several Persons interested therein, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests therein; but as the fame cannot be effected and established without the Aid of Parliament; May it please Your Majesty that it may be shafted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty,

2532 4.S° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Commission- of the fame. That Robert Harvey Wyatt of Barton under-Needivood in the County of Stafford, ‘jefepb Outrarn of Alfrelon in the County of Derby, John Burckam of Coningsby in the County of Lincoln, Thomas Eagle of Atlefley in the County of Warwick, and James Green of Lenton in the County of Nottingham, Gentlemen, and their Successors, to be nominated and appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they ate hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, felting out, and inclosing the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands, and for carrying the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act into Execution (save and except such Parts of the said recited Act as are hereby varied or altered); and all Acts, Matters and Things authorized or directed to be done and executed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, may be done and executed by the major Part of them, and the same shall be as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall have the fame Force and Effect, as if such Acts, Matters, and Things had been done and executed by all the Commissioners herein named, or to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned.

Commission-

IL. And be it further enacted, That no Commissioner shall act in the ?xecuuon of any of the Powers by the said recited Act, or this Act given ffave and except the Power of signing and giving Notice of the first Meeting of the said Commissioners) until he shall have taken and subscribed the following Oath, to be administered and inrolled in like Manner as the Oath by the said recited Act prescribed to be taken by the Commissioners is directed to be administered and inrolled; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear'JV, being one of the People called Quakers, do

* affirm] That l am neither Proprietor or Occupier of, nor to the ‘ best of my Knowledge am I concerned as Guardian, bteward, or ‘ Agent, for any Proprietor of Messuages, Houses, Cottages, Lands,

or Grounds, or other Person having or claiming any Right of Common,

or any Manerial Right, Tythes, or any other Right or Interest whatso-‘ ever, in, over, or upon the Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands,

to be inclosed by virtue oi an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act for allotting and inclosing the For eft or Chace ^Charnwood, otherwise Charley Forest or

Chafe, and Rothley Plain, in the County of Leicester, or any Part or

c Parts thereof. So help me GOD.*

for appointing

III. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Robert Harvey

sioners°mmil ^yatt, or any Person to be nominated or appointed a Commissioner in his Room or Sread by virtue of this Act, shall die, refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Earl of Stamford and Warrington, or the Lord or Lords of the said Manor of Grooby for the Time being, by any Writing under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, within One Month after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be made known ro him or them, by Notice in Wrking signed by any of the said Commissioners.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. r33.

er«, to be left at the usual Place of Abode of the Paid Earl of Stamford and Warrington, or of i he Lord of ihef.ud NLanorof Grooby for the Time being, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room or S.ead of the said Robert Harvey Wyatt, or of such other Pt rfon nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead, so dying or refusing or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner to be nominated and appointed by the said Earl of Stamford and Warrington, or by the Lod of the said Minor of Grooby, for the Time being, as aforesaid, shall die, refuse, neglect or become incapable to act as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act: And in case the said Joseph Outram shall die, refuse to act, neglect, or become incapable of acting as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Earl of Moira, William Herrick, and ‘Thomas March Phillipps, or the Lords of the several Manors of Whiiwick, Bcaumanor and Sheepjhead for the Time being, to nominate, elect, and appoint, by any Instrument in Writing under their respective Hands, Time he and proper l’etfon (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of the said Joseph Outram *, and if the said Earl of Moira, William Herrick, and Thomas March Phillips, or the Lords of the said several Manors of Whiiwick, Beaumanor, and Sheepjhead, for the Time being, shall not agree and concur in nominating ana appointing a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of the said Joseph Outram, it shall and may be lawful to and for each and every of them the said Earl of Moira, William Herrick, and Thomas March Phillipps, or the Lords of the said lift-memioneu Manors for the Time being, by writing under their respective Hands within One Month next after the Expiration of the said Time so allowed for their jointly nominating and appointing such new Commissioner as aforesaid, to nominate and appoint a proper Person, not interested in the said Division and Inclosure, to be a Commissioner for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, or it shall be lawful for any Two of them, the said Earl c f Moira, Williant Herrick, and Thomas March Phillipps, or the Lords for the Time being of any Two of the said last-mentioned Manors to concur in so nominating and appointing a Commissioner, and for the other of them the said Earl of Moira, William Herrick and Thomas March Phillipps, or the Lord for the Time being of the other of the said Manors, to appoint another Commissioner and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner or Commissioners to be nominated and appointed by the said Earl of Moira, William Herrick and Thomas March Phillipps, jointly or separately, or the Lords of the Manors lastly hereinbefore mentioned respectively for the Time being, shall die, refuse to act, or become incapable to act as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act: And in case the said John Burcham, or any Person to be nominated and appointed a Commissioner in his Room or Stead by virtue or this Act, shall die, refuse, neglect or become incapable to act in the Execution of this Act and of the said recited Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the several Tythe Owners interested in the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or the major Part of them who shall attend by themselves or by their Agents or Proxies, at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose in the Town of Loughborough (of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice at the least, and of the Purpose thereof, shall be [Toe, Ijf Perfj^ 28 Tf given

353+

If Lords of Manors, Sec. negiedl to appoint a new Cornell (lion er within the Tine preferi-bed,

the ailing Commissioner to make Api pointment,

48’ GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

given by Advertisement signed with the Name or Names of any one or more of the said Commissioners, in tht Leicester Journal if then publfthed, and if not, then in some o her Newspaper printed or circulated in the said County of Leicester) to nominate, elect, and appoint, by any Instrument in Writing under their Hands or under the Hands of their Agents or Proxies, some fit and proper Person (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of the said John Burcham, or of such other Person nominated and appointed in his Room or Stead, so dying or refusing or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner to be nominared and appointed by such Tythe Owners shall die, refuse or become incapable to act as such Commissioner in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act: And in case the said Thomas Eagle and James Green> or either of them, or any Person to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of either of them, shall die, refule to act, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of this and the said recited Act, then and in every such Case the major Part in Value (such Value to be ascertained according to the Land Tax Assessment f >r that Year) of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the said respective Parishes and Places entitled to any Right of Common, in, over, or upon the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands (other than and except the Lords of the said several Manors to whom other Powers of Nomination are herein-before given, and Tythe Owners, and their respective Heirs, Successors, and A(iigns) who shall be present in Person, or by their respective Agents or Proxies duly authorized for such Purpose, at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice by Advertisement shall be given by any Five or more of such Owners and Proprietors, in the Leicester Journal if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Leicester shall and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint, by any Writing under the Hands of the major Part in Value of them the said Owners and Proprietors and Agents or Proxies aforesaid, a proper Person or Persons (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Rocm or Stead of the said Thomas Eagle and James Green or either of them, or of such other Person to be nominated and appointed in the Room or Stead of either of them, so dying or refusing to ad or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid; and so from Time to Time as often as any such Case or Cafes shall happen: And every Commissioner so to be nominated and appointed shall, after taking and subscribing the Oaths prescribed in that Behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carry in <2 the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commissioner in and by this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Lords of the said several Manors for the Time being, or the said Tythe Owners, or the said Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments, either or any of them respectively, shall make Default in nominating and appointing, any new Commissioner so directed to be nominated and appointed by him and them respectively as aforesaid, within the respective Times for that Purpose limited, and in Manner aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and /or the surviving or remaining Commissioners or

2533

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

or Commissioner, and they and he are and is hereby required from Time to Time, by "Writing under their Hands or his Hand, within One Month next 4ter the Expiration of such respective Time so allowed for nominating and appointing such new and succeeding Commissioner or Commissioners as afore la id, to nominate and appoint a proper Person (not interfiled in the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of every such Commissioner lo dying, refuting, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid; and every Commissioner lo nominated and appointed shall, after taking and subscribing the Oaths prescribed in that Behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commissioner in and by this Act.

V. Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any of the said Commit Any Commissioners hereby nominated shall refuse or neglect to attend at the First fij°,netr0 Meeting appointed to beholden for carrying this Act into Execution, and the First en duly qualify himself, by taking and subscribing the Oaths prescribed in Meeting, &c. that Behalf; or if any of the said Commissioners shall at any Time after ^Rdu'aVto^ the said First Meeting wilfully absent himself from any Three following act. fucctflive Meetings, appointed to be holden by virtue of this Act, or having been absent from Two successive Meetings, shall not attend during the whole of the Third or next succeeding Meeting, such Meetings being known to him, either by his being present at the Appointment thereof, or Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him or less at his lftft or usual Place of Abode by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and such Commissioner not being prevented by Sickness or other tealonable Cau'e to be allowed by the other Commissioners from attending or continuing at such Meetings; or if any Commissioner to be nominated and appointed in Manner by this Act directed, shall not attend and qualify himself to act as a CommifiTner in the Execution of this Act at the First Meeting of the said Commissioners after his Nomination or Appointment, or shall thereafter wilfully absent himself from Three following fuc-ceflive Meetings, to be holden by virtue of this Act, or having been absent from Two fuvceflive Meetings, shall not attend during the Whole of the Third or next succeeding Meeting, such Meetings being known to him, either by his being present at the Appointment thereof, or Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him or less at his last or usual Place of Abode by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and such Commissioner not being prevented by Sickness or ocher reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the other Commissioners, from attending or continuing at such Meetings, then and in every of such Cases such Absence or Non-attendance shall be deemed and taken to be a Refusal to act within the Intent and Meaning of this Act,

VI. And be it further enacted, That if in consequence of the Powers Forinpoimin herein-before given for the Appointment of a new Commissioner or Com- an Umpire^ missioners in the Room or Stead of the said Joseph Outram, there shall at &c*

any Time happen to be an even or equal Number of Commissioners for executing the said recited Act and this Act, and any Difference in Opinion cr Dispute shall arise between the said Commissioners touching or concerning any Act, Matter or Thing whatsoever, which by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, the said Commissioners arc or shall be autho-13 rieed

2536 48‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

rized and empowered ro settle, determine and ascertain, and respecting which they shall be equally divided, then and in every loch Cafe it shall and may he lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required from Time to Time within One Month next after such Difference of Opinion shall arise, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint foine fit and proper Person, (not interested in the said Division and L closure), to be an Umpire; or in case of their Disagreement in the Choice of such Umpire, he shall be cholen by the Recorder of the Borough ot Leicester for the Time being *, and it shall and may be lawful to and for such Umpire, and he is hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after his Appointment, to inquire into, settle, ascertain, and determine the subject Matter of all such Differences in Opinion or other Disputes which shall so happen to aril'e between the said Commissioners, and his Determination shall be and is hereby expressly declared to be of such and the fame Forte and Effect in all Respects as the Determination of the said Commissioners or the major Part of them would have been; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act and proceed in conformity thereto.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as an Umpire in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath or Affirmation following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, [$r, being one of the People called Quakers, do

solemnly affirm] That I will faithfully, honestly, and impartially,

according to the belt of my Skill and Ability, execute and peform the ‘ Powers and Authorities reposed in me as Umpire, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

intituled, An Act for allotting^ and inclosing the h or eft or Chace of Charn-

wood, otherwise Charley Forest or Chace, and Rothley Plain, in the County of Leicester, according to Equity and good Conscience, and with- out Favour or Affection, Prtjudice cr Malice, to any Person or Persons whom foe ver. So help me GOD.’

Which Oath or Affirmation it shall be lawful for any of the said Commissioners to administer, and he is hereby required to administer the farre; and such Oath or Affirmation when so taken and subscribed by such Umpire, shall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of the said Commissioners.

Lonh oT thC

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall hap. Ulveicroft and pen, and as often as it shall happen, that the said Lords of the Manors of JnintVcora- Whitwick, Beaumanor rnd Sheepfhead, shall not concur and agree in the mi (Turner,' &c. Nomination and Appointment ot a Commissioner as aforesaid, in the Room or Stead of the said Joseph Outram, or of aoy other Commissioner to be appointed to succeed him; or that Two of them shall not agree in the nominating and appointing a Commissioner as aforesaid, so as that each of the Lords of the said respective Manors of Whitwick, Beaumanor and Sheepfhead, shall severally nominate and appoint a Commissioner, and the Lords nt the Manots of Ulvefcroft and Belton for the Time being, shall be dissatisfied with any of the Three Commissioners who shall or may be so appointed, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful

Umpire to b« he acts.

2537

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

lawful for the Lords of the said Manors of UlveJcroft and Belton for the Time being, also to nominate and appoint, by Writing under their Hands, within One Month after the Appointment of such Three Commissioners, another Commissioner to act in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That John Claridge, of Pall Mall, in the Surveyor* City or Liberties of hVeJlminster, Land Surveyor, and John Smith, of Packington, in the Counties of Leicester and Derby, or one of them, Land Surveyor, shall be and they ate hereby nominated and appointed Surveyors for viewing, surveying, and measuring the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands; and they are hereby accordingly authorized and directed, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing of this Act, to view, survey, and admeasure the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands, and all the Buildings and Encroachments whatsoever made in and upon the fame, and to describe and lay down the lame by Way of Map or Plan, whereon or in a Book of Reference to be annexed thereto shall be set forth the Number of Stature Acres, Roods and Perc hes of the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands, and the several Buildings and Encroachments made thereon, and of what such Encroachments respectively consist, and the Names of the several Persons holding and enjoy* ing the fame; and that when and so Icon as the said Surveyors shall have finished and compleated the said Survey, Map, or Plan, they shall, by Notice in Writing under their Hands, apprize the said Commissioners thereof, and appoint a Time and Place for a Meeting with them, of which Fourteen Days previous Notice at the least shall be given unto each of the said Commissioners; at which Meeting the said Surveyors shall deliver survey tobe unto the said Commissioners present at such Meeting, their Survey and Plan delivered to and Book of Reference, and shall subscribe the fame with their Names in er°amt «r-the Presence of the said Commissioners, who shall attest the famej and tified on Oaiii the said Surveyors shall take and subscribe the following Oath; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That by virtue and in pursuance of an Act of Par- Surveyor*

1 -* liament made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George °ith*

the Third, intituled, An Act for allotting and inclosing the For eft or Ckace of Chamwood, otherwise Charley Fcreft or Chace, and Rothliy ‘ Plain, in the County of Leicester; I have taken a true and exact Acfmea-

furement and Survey of the Open Commonable GrounBT srfd Waste

Lands directed by the said Act to be indofed, and of alf* the Buildings and Encroachments whatsoever made in aAd upon the fame, to the bdt

of my Judgement and" Ability, and that the$0i;Hy, Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, where unto I have nttw set my ITahd, are and c do contain a just and true Defaiptron, Survey ants Admeasurement, and

Account, of the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands,

and of all the Buildings and Entrcachrnents in and upon the fame,

with the Names of the several Persons holding and enjoying the fame respectivily j and that the fame were made and taken by iste^ccording to the best of my Knowledge, Information, and Belief, and the true Ihtent and Meaning of the said Act, without favour, Affection, 6r Par- tialiry to any Person or Persons': And I do further swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, accorSintt to the best of my Skill and Judgement,‘execute the several other Trusts repefed in me as a

4 Surveyor

2538

For electing new Surveyors in case of Death, See.

made of Lands entitled to Commonage.

fVoprietor> p.oducing ap-

veys, &c* al ready made,

for them-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. in-

4 Surveyor by virtue of the said Act, without Favour or Affedion, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever,

'So help me GOD.*

Which Oath it shall and may be lawful to and for any one or more of the said Commissioners to administer; and the said Oath when so taken (bar be written on Parchment and subscribed by the said Surveyors, and duly attested by the said Commissioners under their Hands, and shall be inrolled with the Award to be made by the said Commissioners.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said Surveyors herein-before appointed, or either of them, or any other Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall die, or refuse or neglect to ad, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, by Writing under their Hands and Seals to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person (not interestcdin the said Division and Inclosure) to be a Surveyor in the Room or Stead of every Surveyor so dying, refusing, or neglecting to ad, or becoming incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act; and every Surveyor so nominated and appointed shall have the like Powers and Authorities, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as if he had been originally named a Surveyor in and by this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That, as soon as Conveniently may be, the said Surveyors shall proceed to make an accurate Survey and Plan, as well of all Messuages and Cottages and Scites thereof, as of all Lands and Grounds in whatsoever Manor, Parish, Township, Constablery, Hamler, or Place the same are situate, in respect whereof the Owners or Occupier* of the fame respectively are entitled to a Right cf Commonage upon the Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof (save and except such Lands and Grounds as have been already (utveyed and as arc hereinafter directed not to be again surveyed or planned); and shall esquire and find out, and’in and by the Survey or Plan thereof and in a Book of Reference to the fame, set forth a minute and exact Account cf all and singular the Premises so surveyed, and the Quantity and Contents of each several Field, Inclosure, and Parcel of Land thereof, with the Names of all and every the Owners and Occupiers thereof respectively, thereby distinguishing such of the Premises as are of Freehold Tenure, from such as are of Copyhold or CuJ* comary or Leafcbold Tenures, and of what particular Manors or Lordships or Persons the said Copyhold or Customary or Leasehold Tenements arc severally and respectively holden.

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall 2nd may be lawful for any Person or Persons having in his, her, or their Culb dy or Possession any actual Surveys, Maps, or Plans of any Linds or Grounds, in respect whereof the Owners or Occupiers of the same are entitled to Right of Commonage, to produce and deliver such Surveys, Maps, and Plans to the said Commissioners, at such Time or Times as they shall appoint for that Purpose; and the said Commissioners shall thereupon esquire on the Oath as well of the Person or Persons producing and delivering Inch Surveys, Maps and Plans respectively, as of such other PcTon or Persons ns they shall

4.8‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 13J. *Si9

shall think fit 'which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby authorized to administer) into the Authenticity and Accuracy of every of such Surveys,

Maps, and Plans, and in all Cafes where the Commissioners shall be fs-tisfied that such Surveys, Maps and Plans are authentic and have been accurately made, and will answer the Purpose of a new Survey, (but not otherwise) they the said Commissioners shall deliver the fame over to the said Surveyors, with Directions to insert and copy the fame into the aforesaid Surveys of Lands, the Owners or Occupiers whereof are entitled to any Rights of Common, instead of making a new Admeasurement and Plan of the Lands and Grounds so comprized and described n the Maps and Plans aforesaid; and that the said Commissioners shall allow, pay and satisfy, for such approved Surveys, to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong, such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall think proper, out of the Monies to be raised by them for the Purposes of this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money which shall be Co nfai!»rt raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining, passing, and executing this a"n^rlln^j' Act, there shall be paid to each of the said Commissioners, as a Recom- Surveyor, pence for his Trouble and Expences in executing the fame, the Sum of

Three Guineas and no more for each Day he shall be employed in attend- ,

ing the Execution of this Act, and in travelling to and from the Meetings necessary for that Purpose , and the Surveyors shall be paid and allowed for their Pains and Trouble, such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall think just and reasonable; and at all Meetings to be held under or by virtue of this Act, the said Commissioners and Surveyors shall pay an'd defray their own Expences.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Proprietors and their Attor- Proprietor, to nies and Agents shall pay their own Expences when they attend the said e«^£'«.owi Commissioners, or at any Meetings to be held for putting this and the

laid recited Act into Excecution; and in such Cases as the Objection or Approbation of the Proprietors to any Act, Matter or Thing, to be done or proposed to be done in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, is directed to be made or testified at any Meeting or Meetings, it shall be lawful for the Proprietors to attend at such Meeting or Meetings by their respective Agents or Proxies, whose Acts or Votes shall be as effectual as if such Proprietors were ptclentin Person.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the said Meeting,.* Comm flioners for putting this Act into Exeecution, shall be held at the N.ori« to he Bull’s Heed Inn, or some other convenient Place in Loughborough afore- an", °‘ t'"> said, within Two Calendar Months at furthest after the passing of this Act j

and the said Commissioners are hereby required to give or cause public Notice to be given in the Newspaper called The Leicester Journal, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper usually circulated in the said County, of the Time and Place of their Kirft and every other subse. qu nt Meeting for the Execution of the said recited Act arid this Act, at least Fourteen Days before any such Meeting shall be holden (Meetings by Adjournment to any future Day, not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Day of the Adjournment, only excepted); and in case the major Part of the said Commissioners shall not meet at the Day and Place appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall he l lawful

2540

48° GEORGII III. Gap. 133.

lawful for the Commissioner or Commissioners present at fuel) Time and Place, and to and for the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, in case none of the said Commissioners shall attend, to adjourn the said Meeting, to be holden on any future Day not exceeding Twenty-one Days from the Day of Adjournment, at the fame or some other convenient Place within Ten Miles of the said Forest or Chace j and the Commissioner or Commissioners, or Clerk or Clerks making such Adjournment, is and are hereby required to give Notice thereof to the absent Commissioner or Commissioners Ten Days before such Meeting.

Other Notice*.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all other public Notices necessary

or requisite to be given by the said Commissioners, shall be given by Advertisement to be inferred in the said Newspaper called The Leicester Journal, if then published, and if nor, then in some other Newspaper usualy circulated in the said County of Leicester.

For shortening

XVII. And whereas it may shorten the Boundary Fences of the Lands

anc* Grounds 10 be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act, and of the Diitricis. Parish or Parishes adjoining thereto respectively, if the said Commissioners were enabled to cause such Fences to be raised in such Direction as they shall think most proper and convenient for fiiortening and making the same regular; it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, with the Confenc in Writing under the Hmd or Hands of the Lords of the said Manors or Precincts respectively, and with the Consent in Writing under the rel'pedive Hands of the major Part in Value of the Land Owners interested in any Common or Waste Lands, or of the Owner or Owners of any inclosed Lands (as the Case may be) adjoining to the said respective Parishes, Manors, Precincts, Townships, and Hamlets within which the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed are situate, and also under the Hand or Hands, of the Owner or Owners of the Lands and Grounds upon which such Fence or Fences is or are intended to be made, to set out, ascertain, and determine the Boundary Fences between the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted and incioled, and the Lands: id Grounds in such adjoining Parish or Parishes, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall judge proper (or the Purposes aforesaid } and after such Boundary Fences Shall be let out, afeert^ined, and determined as aforesaid, the lame shall be fenced by such Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, in such Manner and at fur!i Time or Times as the said Commissioners in and by their Award shall order and direCb; and all such Fences shall for ever thereafter be deemed and’ taken to be the Boundary and Boundaries between the said respective Parishes, 'Maoprs, Precincts, Townships, and Hamlets, within which the said Lands and Grounds to be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act are situate, and such adjoining Parish or Parishes; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

claims cf

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Claims of any Right or Rights of Rights of Common upon the said Open Commonable Grounds or Waite be imeS gat- Lands, or any. Fart or Parts thereof, to be delivered to the said Commis-ed, and Lit;s sioners in pursuance of the said recited Act, shall (whether the same shall pubhftKii. formai]yr objected to or not, under the Provisions. of the said recued Act, by any Perfoi) or Persons, or Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate,

t impelled

25+1

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 13 3.

interested or claiming to be interested in the Premises) be carefully invef-ligated by t}ie said Commissioners, or the major lJart of them, as soon as conveniently may be after Delivery thereof: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to give Fourteen Days Notice at the least of their Meetings for such Purpose, by Advertisement in The Leicester Journal, if then published, and if not, then in fomc other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Leicester \ and the said Commissioners shall with all convenient Speed after such Inrcfligation of the said Claims, cause printed Lifts or Schedules of the fame, distinguishing therein all such of the said Claims to which they shall have any Objection, or to which Objections shall have been made by any other Persons in pursuance of the said Act, to be lodged for the Purpose of public Inipeciion at such and so many convenient Places as the said Commissioners shall think proper, of which Places public Notice shall be given by Advertisc-ment in The Leicester Journal, if then published, and if not, in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Leicester; and shall also cause Copies or Extracts thereof, so far as shall concern or relate to the respective Claims to which Objections shall arise or be made, to be left at the last or usual Places of Abode of the respective Persons whole Claims shall be objected to, or of their Stewards or Agents j and any Person or Perform, Body or Bodies Po itic. Corporate or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the Premises, may offer Objections to any Claim contained in such Schedule or Lift, within Three Months next after the aforesaid Publication thereof, by delivering the Particulars of such Objection to the said Commissioners in Writing, in Manner prescribed by the said recited Acr, and no such Objection shall afterwards be received, unless for some legal Disability or special Cause to be allowed by the said Commissioners.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Doubt or Difficulty Commissinr-/hall arise, or any Objection be made to or respecting any Claim of Right mine^iffer'/" of Common upon the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands, ences, respfft or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, or if any other Dispute or so?|R't The!* Difference shall arise between any of the Perffins or Bodies Politic, Cor- or common!’ porate or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said ic*

Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands, or in any Part or Parts thereof, touching or concerning any Right or Rights of Soil, Tythesor Common in, over, or upon the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, or the respective Shares, Rights, or Interests, which they or any of them have or claim to have in the fame, or touching or concerning any Allotment or Compensation to be made in lieu thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Inclo. sure, and Allotments, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to examine into, hear, and determine the fame respectively: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize Commissioiu the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Lands, era not to d«. Tenements, or other Hereditaments whatsoever, in respect whereof any Tl"

Right of Common shall be claimed upon the said Open Commonable Estate*. Grounds and Waste Lands, or any Part or Parts thereof, but they shall assign and let out the frveral Allotments directed to be made unto the Person or Persons having the actual Seisin cr Pofi-ffion of the Meffuaees [L*. W iV.] 2% p Lindt,

25 + 2

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

Lands, Tentnir.its, or Hereditaments, in Right or in respefi: whereof fudi Allotment shall be made.

Power to assess Cods, relative to

disputed Claims 01 Objections.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or of the said recited Act, fee cause to award any Colts, then and in such Cite it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to lettle, alfefs, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid either to the Public Account for or towards the Expence occasioned in or relating to the investigating, settling, and determining of such Claim or Claims, if finally disallowed, or ro the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination < f the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Pa fans, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and Charges, shall neglect or rctufe to pay the fame on Demand, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

Allowing Par-

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, ties ro uy Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, interested or claiming byTn iffuTat to interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, shall be Law. dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners, touching

or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands, or any Part or Parts thereof, cr of any Rights of Common, Tythes or other Rights or IntertIts in, over, or upon the Lands ai.d Grounds hereby dheCled to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part or Parts thereof, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, so diffuirfied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners at the then next Assizes, or at the Assizes following the next to beholden for the said County of Leicester \ and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be so dilfatnfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue againfr the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, if the StAjcdt of such Determination shall be of a partial Nature, or against the said Commissioners, if the Subject of their Determination shall be of such a Nature as will affect the Persons in general mtcrested in the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands, or in any particular Part or Parts thereof, within Nine Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said a Commissioners;

2543

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

C- mcnissioners; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions OiaD, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies who shall appear thereto or file Common Bail, and accept one or more Nine or Miles, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be cried and determined; such Ilfoe or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Cou-t in which the Did Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Pa'lies shall differ about the fame*, and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall beg ven in such Action or Actions, shall be binding, final, and conckifive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, Body and Bodies Politic,

Corporate or Collegiate; unless the Court wherein such Action or Action*

/hall be brought shall fee aside such Verdi-£t or Verdicts, and order a new Xrial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Caf-s; and after such Verdict or Ve<dids shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissiofiers shall and they are hereby required to ad in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according 10 the Event of such Tiial or Trials; and after ary such Trial in which the said Commissioners shall be Defendants, the Colds and Charges payable by the said Commissioners in such Action or Actions shall be pai d and discharged out of the Monies to be raised by them for the Purposes cf this Act,

XXII. Provided always, and be it enadrd, Thar the Determination of the 0r.iD^t'^n'1" said Commissioners touching such Claim or Claims of R ghc to the Soil commission-of the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands, or cf any ers to be final. Rights of Common, Tythes, or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and incloseci, or any Part thereof, (bail (in case such Determination shall not be so objected to, or being objrded to, such Action or Actions at Law shall not be brought and proceeded in, within the Time and in Manner herein for that Purpose mentioned) be final and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person m case of

or Persons in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have D<ali,sof r»r-been made, and against whom any Action or Actions might have been A^ions^ brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have brought, the been brought, and b.fore the Expi ation of the Time herein-before limited 1*'\c? on for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or and defended Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought such ^amT Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the fame within the Time so limited as aforesaid, against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners with Process for commencing such Action or Actions, in the same Manner as the Party or Partus might have been served therewith if Jiving j and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons lo dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually’ living; and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

254+

Person* in Possessiou not to be molested without due Course of Law.

Trials not to suspend the Execution of the Powers of the Act.

ers may adjudge the Quantity and

Land, &c. but all ancient Mcfluates to be considerd of equal Value.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

XXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Pofiiflion of any of such Parties, except in Cafes of Encroachments; but in case the said Commissiomrs shall be of Opinion against the Right of the Person or Persons lb in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon, until the Possession shall have been given up by or rt covered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment, or other due course of Law.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Difference, Suit, or Proceeding as aforesaid, nor any Difference, Difpuce, or Pro* ceeding touching the Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall impede or delay the said Commissioners in the Execution of this Act, but the Division and Inclosure hereby directed to be made, shall be proceeded in notwithstanding any such Difference, Suit or Proceeding; and the said Commissioners shall, by proper Marks and Bounds, set out the Lands and Grounds which shall be allotted in lieu of such litigated Property, so that the fame may be distinguished from any other Lands and Grounds, and may be had and taken by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who upon the Determination of such Difference or Suit shall be entitled to the same.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to preclude the Lid Commissioners from adjudging and determining the Quantity and Value of the Lands in virtue whereof any Person or Persons shall be allowed to have a Right of Common upon the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands, or any Part thereof; but the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall, and they are hereby authorized to adjudge and determine the Quantity and Value cf all and every such Lands respectively, and rate and estimate the same as to them shall seem just and reasonable, according to the real Value thereof for Purposes of Hufb.mdry, without Regard to any artificial or extraordinary Value arising from local, temporary, or other peculiar Advantage; and such their Judgment and Determination shall be binding and conclusive upon all Persons whomsoever: Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall extend to authorize the said Commissioners, or any of them, to consider any ancient Messuage or Building, or Scite thereof, in respect of which any Right of Common shall be allowed, at any more or greater Value than any other ancient Messuage or Building, or Scite thereof, but the said C< mmissioners shall rate and estimate all ancient Messuages and Buildings; and Scites thereof, at an equal Value one with another, and at such Value as they or the major Part of them shall think meet and expedient.

TriaTofPa-11*

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Personi, rochiai Boun- Body or Bodies Corpcra:e or Collegiate, shall consider himself, herself or ?ifu«a?Law themselves, prejudiced or aggrieved by the Determination of the said instead of Ap- Commissioners respecting the Limits or Boundaries of any Parish, Manor, ptai to the Township, Hamler, District or Place, upon the said Open Commonable JST SCf Lands or Waste Grounds, or of any Parish, Manor, Township, Hamlet, District cr Place adjoining thereto, as the same shall be set out and ascertained by the said Commissioners. pursuant to the said Act passed in the Forcy-hrfl Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and shall, by Writing under

2545

48° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. *33-

under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, or Seal or Seals, give Notice to the said Commissioners within "One Calendar Month next after Inch Determination, of his, her, or their Driire to h vethe fame determined by an issue'ac Law, indead of an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, under the Provision of the said last recited ACT then and n Inch Calc it ffi a 11 be lawful for the Person or PerHns, B-idy. or Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, lo itiffai-isfied with Inch Determination^ to have the fame ascertained by the Trial of an I due at Law, under the Pro virions of this Act, in Cafes of any disputed Claims of Right.

XXVIII. And, for the Purpose of settling any Dispute or D:fference

that may anse between the LcfVor and Lefiee of any Warren or Warrens teffets of ° of Conies, or other Manerial Rights or Privileges, which are or are Warrens, &c. intended to be hereby extinguished and taken away, for making Compensation for any Lois or LolTes to be fudained by any such Lcfiee in consequence of the said intended Inclosure; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, on Application to them made by any such Lefior or Lessee, to take the Matters in question into their Consideration, and to order to be made to every such Ldfee, by the respective Ldfors, such a fair and adequate Allowance and Compensation, either in a grofsSum of Money, or by an annual Payment or Allowance, as the said Commissioners shall think just and equitable, having due Regard to the Amount of Compensation hereby made to such respective Lelfors, for all such of their respective Manerial Rights as are hereby extinguished, and the just Proportion which the Lessee’s Rights, so to be compeniated for, do or ought to bear thereto; and in case such gross Sum of Money by way of Compenlari ,n, so ordered by the said Commissioners, shall not be paid to the Person or Persons entitled thereto by the Person or Persons directed to pay the fame, ort Demand, then and in such Case such Monty shall be raised, levied, and recovered by the said Commissioners, from the Person or Persons so directed to pay the fame, in such and the farm Manner as the Costs,

Charges and Expence's of obtaining and executing this Act, or any Parc thereof, can or may be raised, levied, and recovered, in case the Money arising from the Sale of the Lards and Grounds by this Act directed to be sold for the Purpose of railing Money for defraying such Costs, Charges, and Expences, shall not be sufficient for such Purpo'.e.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Allotments of Land n^keVcom-

to be made by virtue of this Act in resp^ft of any Messuages, Lands, or pensation to " Hereditaments held by Lease or Leases at Rack Rent, or for which Leases aI*

no Fines are expressiec; therein to have been paid to the Grantors or Leribrsy of SSutT*

as the Consideracions for the same shall be allotted to and held by the several Owners and Proprietors of such Messuages, Lands, or Hereditaments freed and discharged from all Right or Claim of such respective Lei-fecs, to, in, or upon the said Allotments or any Parc thereof, to be derived under or by virtue of such Leases; and in case any of such LeiTecs shall think himself, herfdf, or themselves aggrieved thereby, and such Lessors and Leflees shall not agree respecting the Compensation or Allowance to be made to such Lessees on account, thereof, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, on Application made to them by either Party, to t<*ke the Matters in question into heir Consideration, and by their Order to make unto every such Lessee, for hh, her, and their Loss of Conimcnage or other Lories by \l.9C. & Per.] 28 Q Means

254-6 4B° GEORGII III. Cap. 133-

Means of the said Division and Inclosure, such a fair and adequate Allowance and Compensation, either in Money to be paid down, or by way of Abatement or Reduction in the Rack Rents determined by :uch Leases reserved as the said Commissioners Dull think just and equitable, having due Regard to the Allotment in lieu or such Commonage-, and if any Pafon or Ptr-fons. Body < r Bodies, Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, shall refuse or nculeft to make such Compensation to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or c,olleg'aie, entitled thereto, on Demand, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby aurhoi ized and empowered, to raise and levy the ia.ne for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Coilegiate, entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Celts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act can or may be raised and levied in case the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be sold shall not upon the Sale thereof have produced Money sufficient for such Purpose.

No'Tui f to be

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons after

\lrtile pairing the passing of this Act shall cut, dig, get, or t<-ke away any of the Tutf

0t'dhe^heP or Soil of the Grounds or L nds to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, foranyXJfe or Purpose whatsoever, or under any Right, Privilege or Claim, or Pretence of Right, Privilege, or Claim whatsoever (other than and except the Lords of the said several and respective Manors or the said Owners of Soil respectively, for the Purpose of opening any Mine or Mines, or digging or searching for any Minerals) then and in every such Case, upon due Proof made before the said Commissioners on Oath, which Oath the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Disttefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so offending in the Premises, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall be so distiained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards the Payment of the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act.

Persons who have enjoyed Commonage for F ’rty Years, to be consideredto have a Right of Common.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons being Owner or Owners of any Messuages, ancient Buildings or S ites 'thereof. Lands or Tenements, in whatsoever Manor, Parish, Township, Constablsry, Hamlet, or Place, the same are situate, the Owners or Occupiers whereof for the Time being have for Forty Years last pafl had and nftually enjoyed any Right or Rights of Common upon the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands, or any Par: or Parts thereof respectively, for and in respect of such Messuages, ancient Buildings, Scires, Lands or Tenements respectively slave and except any Right of Common by Vicinage) shall be deemed and taken to have, in respect of such their Estates, a Right of Common upon the feia Open Commonable Grounds or Waste Lands, or the Part or Parts thereof respectively to which such Usage shall have extended, without shewing any other Title than such Usage-, and be entitled to have an Allotment or Allotments of the fame respectively, in the lame Proportion,

as

547

zj.8* GEOPvGII III. Cap. 133.

as other Persons entitled to Common thereon respectively shall be enti led unto, Regard being had to ti e particular yearly Values of their respective Estates in respect whereof they have enjoyed or are entitled to such Right of Common: Provided nevertheless, That th Provision last hereinbefore contained shall not in any Wife affect any Parishes,

Hamlets, Places or Perfom, having or claiming Right of Common upon the said Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands or any Parc thereof respectively, other than such as shall claim under f ell Provision, if they shall be able to support such Claims, independant of such Enjoyment, in case the same shall happen to be objected to or contested.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Intakes and Encroachments

made on the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands within the aiiotuble.

Laid respective Manors and PI ices, and which have been made within the Space of Sixty Years now last past, and for which no Licence, Consent or Grant shall have been obtained from the Lord or Lords of such re* fptdive Manors, shall be deemed and considered Parc and Parcel of the said Grounds and Lmdsto be allotted and inclosed, as if the fame were actually lying open and uninclosed.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any such Encroach-,^ Intakes or Encroachments shall lie or be situate next or adjoining to Garen- JJ*11Gaieidori don Park aforesaid, such Intakes or Encroachments shall be allotted to Park,

the Lord or Lords of the Manor of Sheepjhead. if the said Commissioners LoS'ofdie shall judge such Lord or Lords to be entitled by virtue of this Act, to the Manor of Quantity of Land contained in such Intakes or Encroachments; and slieePftiea(;k. such Allotment when so made shall be and be deemed to be in full Satisfaction of the Whole or Part of the Allotment to be made to such Lord or Lords, by virtue of this Act, as the case may be.

XXXIV. And be i t further enacted, That all Bushes and Pollards gro w- Power for ing upon the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands Manors*"to re-respectively, shall be allotted to the several and respective Lords of the move Budie*. Manors or other Owners of the Soil whereon the fame respectively grow, or their fespective Assignees thereof, who shall nave Power to remove and convert the same to their own respective Use and Benefit, within such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall direct or appoint.

XXXV. And be it further ensded. That the said Commissioners shall Lane to be mark and set out such Part and Parts of the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands respectively as by she Sale thereof will, together Expeness*. with Lands and Grounds to be (old to the Company of Proprietors of the Leicester Navigation in Manner herein directed, in the Judgement of the Laid Commissioners raise a sufficient Sum of Money to defray and discharge all the Cells. Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of preparing and inrolling the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, and a Copy thereof, and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, fencing (as herein directed) and allotting the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, and all the Charges of the said Commissioners, their Assessors, Clerks, Assistants and Servants, and all the other necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners

2.54^ 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

in and about the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed

by virtue of this Act, and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the Public Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said Commissioner, in, over, or upon the said Lands and Grounds, and of ting-fencing the Allotments herein directed to be made inlieu of Tythes, andail other Expences of carrying this Act intoExecution, and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required 10 fell the Hands and Grounds so marked and set out in such Allotment or Allotments as co them shall seem right and proper, to any Person or Persons, for the bt.fl Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame by public Auction or Auctions to be holden for that Purpose of which Auction or Auctions respectvcly Six Weeks previous Notice shall be given; and the Person or Persons so purchasing the fame at such public ..Auction shall immediarely pay (by W iy or Deposit) into the Hands of the Paid Com m issioners, or such Person or Persons as they shall direct and appoint. One Tenth Part of hr , her, or their Purchase Money, and shall pay the Remainder thereof within Three Calendar Months next after the said Sale, or at such other Time as the said Commissioners fiia. appoint, and in Default thereof the Money so deposited shall be forfeited, and shall be applied in carrying this Act into Execution , and the Allotment or Allotments for which the whole of such Purchase Money shall not have been so paid, or for which there shall be no Bidding at such Auction, shall be again put up to bale, and sold by public Auction in Manner aforesaid, for the befl Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, or be sold by the said Commissioners by private Contraft, for any Sum or Sums not Ids than the remaining Nine-tenths of the Price or respective Prices for which the fame was or were respectively before fold, or the Amount of one Bidding above the Sum or respective Sums at which the fame was or were respectively put up at the said former Auction and every Allotment for which the full Purchase Money shall be paid, shall immediately thereupon be absolutely discharged, of and from all Common Tythes and other Rights thereon or therein and be veiled in Fee Simple in and be enclosed and thenceforch held in Severalty by such Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, as his, her or their private and absolute Property (subject only to thefeigniorial Rights of the Lords of the respective Manors in which such Lands shall lie or be situate) and shall be allotted accordingly by the said Commissioners; and the said Purchase Money shall be applied by the said Commissioners in defraying such Colls, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid.

Purchaser? of

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons who Land ft;d for shall become the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Lands so to be allotted Ex'1 ences^of an<^ for Pufppfes aforesaid, their Heirs and Assigns, shall be the^A'* shall subject and liable to the making and keeping in Repair all or such Parc ihe osier'of *,n8 Fences thereof, as shall be directed by the said Commissioners

the Commit or the major Part of them, and also for the due Observance and Perfor-fioner*. mance of all Orders, Matters, Charges, and Directions, to be made, laid down, and appointed by theiaid Commissioners inand bytheirAward,intnelikc Manner as if such Lands had been allotted to such Purchaser or Purchasers, his or their Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of any Right in, over, or upon the: said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands j but no fu h Purchaser or Purchasers shall be subject or liable co the Payment of the Charges and Expences of obtaining this Act, or carrying the fame into Execution.

10

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Mr^/advan-shall advance any Sum or Bums of Money for defraying the Exigences of piM<j wi.h in-obtaining and passing this Act, or of carrying the fame into Execution, tti-cft. every such Person shall be repaid the fame with filtered after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, out oi the fi-ll Monies that fnali. be raised or received by the said Comtr.ifliJiiers or any of them by virtue of this Act, for defraying fij. h Expencts.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it ensded, That in ca’e any of ous^rT"

the Persons ime-rested in the said intended Division and IncLfure, shall iU, SM0«cy'"IL be desirous of having the Whole of rhetor respective Shares and Allot- e_

ments of the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands let out ration of &i* and allotted to them, without any Abatement for or in respect of the Sales Powers of herein-before directed for the Purposes aforesaid, and shall by themselves s"e’

or Agents signify the fame in Writing to the said Commissioners or the major Part of them, at the Time of delivering in their respective Claims as herein directed, or within such Time afterwards as shall be limited and prescribed by the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and directed to set out and allot to such Persons respectively all such Shares and Proportions of the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands as they would have been lever ally entitled unto under and by vi.tue of this Act, in case no Provifiuii had been hereby made (or Sale of any Part of the fame Waste Lands, and without any DeJudion or Abatement whatsoever on that Account; and to ad;ud and settle what Sum and Sums of Money ought to be borne and paid by such several Person?, theii Heirs or Assigns, for and in respect of their several and relptd.ve prrporcionable Shares of the Charges and Expects aforesaid; the same to be paid and recovered in such and the same Manner and under such and the fame Powers and Authorities as herein-after provided with respect to any Deficiency in the Monies to arise by Sale as aforesaid; provided nevertheless, chat nothing herein contained shall give to the said Commissioners any Power to charge such Persons with any Part of the Expences attending or occasioned by the Sales herein-before directed.

XXXIX. And whereas by an Act made in the Thirty-full Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintain- Land to the ing a Navigable Communication between tke Loughborough Canal and the Leicester Na-Town of Leicester, and for making and maintaining a Communication by Rail- pauy.°l C'°m ways or Stone Roads and Water Levels from five*-a I Places and Mines to the fata Loughborough Canal, and for continuing the fame by faffing along the said Canal to the said Navigable Communication, all in the County of Leicester, certain Persons were incorporated by the Name and Style of " The Company of Proprietors of the Lticester Navigation," and were enabled to make use of certain Lards and Grounds for the Ptnposes of the said Canal,

Reletvoirs, and other Works, making Ricompence and Satisfaction to the Persons interred in such Lands and Grounds for the Use thereof: And whereas sundry Parts of the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands have been taken and used by the said Company of Proprietors for the Purposes of their Canal, Reservoirs, and other Works, and no Recompence or Satisfaction hath been made for the Purchase of the lame; be it therefore enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby required to pay unto the said Commissioners acting in Execution of this Act, such Sum or Sums of Money as the "said Company of Propric-[Lgc. Es? Peri] 28 R for*

= 55°

Surplus pro duced by Sales, ' b: divided between Pro-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

tors and the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall mutually agree to be a fair Recompcr.ce and Satisfaction for such Parrs of the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands as have been so taken and ul’ed by the said Company of Proprietors--; but if within Fourteen Days after being the reunto required by Notice in Writing given to the Clerk or Treasurer or known Agent or Agents of the said Company of Proprietors, signed by the said Commissioners or the major part of them, the said Company of Proprietors shall fail or omit to enter into any such Agreement, then and in Inch Cafethey shall and they are hereby required to pay lu hSum or Sums of Money to the said Commissioners a; shall be fcffefSfd and ascertained by the Commissioners appointed by and in pursuance of the said Act of the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, for the of determining and adjusting what shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors for the Pun hale of Lands uled or taken for the i' of the said Canal, Rcfervoirs, and other Works, or by a Jury, to be a fair Recant-pence and Satisf.ftion for the lame; and fucti Jury shall be impannelled, summoned, and returned in the same Manner, and under the fame Restrictionc, and shall be guided by the same Rules, Orders, and R gulations as are in that Behalf directed . nd contained in the said recited Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and when it shall be so agreed, determined, or a Hefted and ascertained (as the Case may be) what Sum or Sums of Money is or are such fair Recompence and Satisfaction as aforesaid, the Lid Company of Proprietors shall (upon Notice in Writing under the Handsot the said Commissioners for executing this Act, or the major Part of them, for that being delivered to the Chrk or Treasurer cr known Agent or Agents of the said Company of Proprietor*.) and they are hereby required forrhwih to pay the fame unto the said Commissioners at such Time and Place in the said Town of Loughborough ?s shall be specified in such Notice; and in case the said Company of Propnetors shall omit to pay or tender or cauie to be paid or tendered such Sum or Sums of Money as fh il have been so agreed and determined or assessed and ascertained as aforesaid (as the C fe may be) it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, in their own Names, tofuef r and recover the fame from the said Company of Proprietors in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and no such Action or Suit shall abate or discontinue by the D-ath of any of the fdid’Commissioners; and such Sum and Sums of Money when so obtained, recovered, and received determined by 1 he said Commissioners, shall be by them applied in Aid of the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and putting this Act into Execution: Provided nevertheless,

that the said Commissioners shall, in the Allotments herein-after directed to be made to the Lords or Owners of the Soil, and Persons entitled to the Tythes of the Lands so taken and used by the said Company of Proprietors, make and allow a Compensation to such Lords or Owners of Soil for One-fourteenth Part, and to such Tythe Owners for One-ninth Part of the Monies so received by the said Commissioners, according to the Quantity of Land to the Soil or Tythes whereof such Person or Persons are or shall appear to be respectively entitled.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case such Part or Parts of the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands hereby directed to: be sold as herein-before mentioned, shall be sold for more Money than

wiii be required to defray such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid,

then

45" GEORGII III. Cap. 133. 2551

then and in such Case such Surplus Money shall be divided and apporrioned t^ee

between the several Proprietors of and Persons interested in the Lands i'hlirlnterest*, hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, save and except the and between several Owners arid Proprietors of Tythes and the Surveyors of Highways, p^miet-ort, in such Shares as shall be in proportion to such their jeipeftive Property, direct-d hf Rights, and Inrereft; and (he respective Shades of such of them a shall 41 G' 3>

be Tenants in Fee Simple of their respective Allotments, dull be paid to them respectively; and the Shares of such other Proprietors or Persons of and in such Surplus Money, shall be applied and disposed of in Manner di efted by the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of H:s perfect Majesty, in case any Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled t-o the same Uses.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods Charges, and ?x'h

r- . 1 \ n D t j Fence* rne

Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, in calc the Money raised A-t, tj be by Sale of the Lands herein directed to be sold shall be inefficient to raised byRate. defray the lame, shall be borne and defrayed by the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act slave and except the several Owners and Proprietors of Tyrbeg, for or in respect of the several Allotments made to them, as such Owners and Proprietors of Tythes, and save and except the Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being, for or in respect of the Allotments hereby directed to be made to them as Surveyors); and ali such Cods, Charge*, and Expences, together with the Proportions thereof to be made by the several Persons hereby made liable totthe Payment thereof, shall be settled and adjusted by the said Commissioners, and shall be paid at such Time and Place, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint, either before or after, the Execution of their said Award.

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said bT^j’.ffed Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to adjud and settle the according to Cods, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act and also regulate the Sales herein directed to be made for defraying the fame. Rights, and the Application of any Surplus Monies, as well as ali such Rate or Rates 2s they may have Occasion tomakeinpurluar.ee cf this Act i so and in such Manner as that such Persons as are intereded in the said Fored or Chace, or any Part or Parts thereof only, shall not be charged for or in respect of any additional Expence attending or occasioned by the Inclosure of the said Plain, or more than a fair Proportion according to the Extent of their respective Rights; but that the Charges and Expences arorclaid may be borne and pain by the Persons interested in the said Foteft or Chafe . nd the said Plain, and every Pait thereof respectively, in due and just Proportions.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotments and they are hereby required, as soon as conveniently may be after fettirg out Public Roads and Highways, as by the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign directed, to set out and allot unto and for the Surveyors of the Highways of the several Parishes, Con-ftdbleries, Hamlets, Townships, and Places within which the said Open 8 Cominonabie

' 5 - 4-8‘ GEORGII III. Cap. i

Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands respectively lie, so much and fie P,rt or Parts of the said Grounds and Lands to be inclosed, and in

such Places as the said Commissioners shall think proper, for getting Stone, Grave), or other Materials for the Repairs from Time to Time i.-r - ver, of the public and private Roads and Highways within such jclucctive Parishrs, Constabieries, Hamlets, Tcwflships and Places j and tlit Grass and Herbage ariOng thereon respectivety shall be and the fame hereby v« fled in the said respective Surveyors of the Highways for the Tims being, who shall lrt the lame, and account respecting the Rents Profits thereof in the f.me Manner as they are by Law liable to account for other Monies colicded and received by them as Suivcjors as aforesaid.

, as XI.IV’. And He i: further enaSrd, That all such Private Roads and <r.a :s B .(.ways and Fo t-vays as shall be set out by the said CommiOioners in or over ^'d ^ptn ConimonabL Grounds and W..ftc Lands, pursuanL m .-n to the Direct ons contained in the find recited Act of the Porty-first Year "a F^'s Pre,cnt Majesty's Reign, shall be formed and completed, and for c m.: if ev. r afterwards kept in Repair, by and at the Expence or the fame Persons, fion=isArtarJ. ancj |n jjkc Manner as is by such Act directed with resped to public Roads;

except !o far as the said Commissioners shall in and by their Awa d make other Order or Dirtdion concerning the same.

Watercouifts

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

may beturned. an(j for the said Commissioners, anl they are hereby empowered, to dhe£t, order, and award all Streams of Water, Springs, and Wateicouifes within the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, to be carried and conveyed in such Courses and through such of the said Lands and Groan 's so hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as they in their Discretion shall think, necessary and proper for the Purpose aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Streams of Water, Springs, or Water-couvfes, IViall be diverted or turned without the Consent of the Person or Persons from and into whose Lands the same shall be carried or conveyed.

XLVI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall Brook; not to authorize or empower the said Commissioners or any other Person or be diverted, Persons to change, alter, or divert the Courie of a certain Brook called Shortcliff Brook or Hurst now running into Garendon^zxV from and out of the said Forest or Chace; cr of a certain Rivuiet or Brook on which an ancient Water Mill within the Predndt of Ulverfcroft, belonging to the Reverend John Staunton Doctor of Laws, is situate, running f om thence through Newtown Linford into Bradgate Park; or certain Springs, Streams, or Watercourfis riling in Little Hills under Broombriggsy and running into Beaumanor Park by the Corner of Woodhcufe Eaves; or any of the Springs, Streams, or Watercourses by which the said Brooks are now supplied with Water; or to make any Order or Direction to the Prejudice of any other Person or Persons entitled to the Benefit of any Stream of Water, Spring cr Watercourse.

Allotments

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall for Common an(j they are hereby required to let out and appoint such Part or Parts of anTv^terhfg the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands, and in such Place Places. Or

2553

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

or Places as they in their Discretion shall think requisite or proper, for common Stone Quarries, common Watering Plates for Cattle, and common Walhpits for Sheep.

XI.VIII. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the Survey and Value of the said Forest shall have been completed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Commissioners, and they cf a chapef are hereby authorized and required to separate and let apart such Pieces ^'r' or Parcels of Land in such Place or Places in the said Forest as they Forest, shall think proper, and which in their Judgement (Quantity, Quality $nd Situation considered) shall be equal in Value to Two hundred Acres, at the average Value of the said Forest, having Regard in fetcing out the same to the respective Extent and Value of so much and such Paitand Parts of the said Forest, as is or are wichin the Ecclesiastical Peculiar Exempt Jurisdiction of Grooby aforesaid, and of the Residue of the said Forest not included in such exempt JurisdicHon, and to allot and award so much and such Part and Parcs of the said Two hundred Acres, as shall be proportionate to the Extent and Value of the Parts of the said Forest, included in the said Peculiar, unto and for the Lord of the Manor and Ecclesiastical Peculiar Exempt Jurisdiction of Grooby aforelVd, and the Commiftary of the fame Junl'diction, and their Successors for the Time being, and all the Rest and Residue of such Two hundred Acres, unto and for the Lord Bishop of Lincoln, and the Archdeacon of Leicester, and the Lords of the several Manors of Whilwick, Beaunaner, Sheeps bead, Ulvefcroft* and Belton aforesaid, for the Time being, to be respectively held and enjoyed by the respective Persons aforesaid, and their Successors and Heirs, as Freehold in Fee, for the Use and Benefit of such Person and Persons as may be duly appointed to lerve as Minister or Ministers of any Chapel or Chapels which may hereafter be built, consecrated, and let apart for the public VVorfnip of Almighty God, according to the Laws Ecclesiastical of this Realm within the said Forest, for the Use of such Person and Persons as may from Time to Time inhabit Houses upon the said Forest; and the Nomination and Appointment of the Minister or Ministers of such Chapel or Chapels shall be and is hereby vested in the Lords of the several Manors of Grooby, Whitwuk* Beaumanor* Shecpfhead, Uivefcroft, and Belton for the Time being *, and in case of their not agreeing in such Nomination and Appointment, then the same shall and may be made by the major Part of them j and in case of their being equally divided, then and asofeen 2s it shall so happen, the Nomination to any Chapel or Chapels to be erected within the Limits of the said Exempt Jurisdiction of Grooby shall be made by the Ordinary of the said Jurisdiction, and to any Chapel or Chapels to be built on any Parc or Parts of the said Forest, not included in the said Peculiar Jurisdiction of Grooby, by the Lord Bishop of the Dioc&e, for such Turn or Turns only, and until a Chapel or Chapels shall be so built ajid consecrated, and a Minister or Ministers thereof duly appointed, the Rents, LTues and Profits of such Pieces or Parcels of Land as aforesaid, shall be by the said respective Trustees thereof placed out at Interest on Government Securities, and the Principal and Interest Monies arifingor to arile from such Rents and Profits shall accumulate and be applied cowards discharging the Expencea of building any Chapel or Chapels, and House or Houses, which may here* after be erected and built within the said Forest, for the Residence of the officiating Minister or Ministers of such Chapel Of Chapels, and for [Loc. Per.'] *8 $ the

2554 4 GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

their.creasing of the Stipend or Stipends of any Ministeror Ministers who may be so nominated and appointed to officiate in such Chapel or Chapels as aforesaid, or purchasing Lands for his or their Use as Glebe.

Allotments

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Did Commissioners shall o?Manors suid anc^ l^ey are hereby authorized and required to fee out and allot unto and OwnsrTcf for she several Lords of the several and respective Manors within which

Soil. the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands are respectively

situate, lying, and being, and unto and for all and every other Person or Persons who is, or shall appear to be entitled to the Soil of any Part of the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands rdpedively (exclusive of any other Allotments or Compensation to be made to them respectively by virtue of this Act, either as Owner or Owners of Tythes, or for Commonage in respect of any Messuages, Cottages, Scites, Lmds or Tenements, in the respective Possessions or Occupations of themselves or their respective Tenants or Lessees) so much and such Part and Parts of the Grounds and Lands to be inclosed within their respective Manors or Portions of Soil, as they the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be equal in Value to One-fourteenth Part of the fame respectively, after the Allotments for Roads and Repairs of Roads, and for erecting and building of a Chapel or Chapels, and making Provision for the MinUter or Ministers thereof shall be made; due Regard and Consideration being had by the said Commissioners to the Quantity, Quality, and Situation of the fame; and such respective Fourteenth Parts shall be for ever held and enjoyed in Severalty by the said several and repedive Lords and Owners of the Soil and their respective Heirs and Assigns, free, exempt, and absolutely discharged of and from all Manner of Tythes and Right of Common whatsoever.

Allotments to L. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and vicar"’ nd arc ^creby a authorized and required to fee out and allot to and for

©£8Tythe» ^veral Redors, Impropriators, and Vicars, and to and for all and

Ownen every other Person or Persons who is, are, or shall appear to be entitled to any Tythes which may arise, renew, or increase from the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands, or any Part or Parts thereof when inclosed, so much and such Part and Parts of the fame Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands to the Tythes whereof he, lhe, and they is, are, or shall appear to be respectively encided, as in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal in Value to One full Ninth Part (after the several Allotments for Roads and Repairs of Roads and Chapels shall be made as herein directed) of such Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands respectively, to the Tythes whereof such Person shall be so entitled; and all Encroachments whatsoever on or from the same respectively; and such Allotments for Tythes shall be apportioned where necessary in Manner herein-after mentioned; and such Allotments shall be and be deemed andtaken to be in lieu of and as a full Compensation and Recompence for all Tythes both Great and Small, and all Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments whatsoever arising, renewing, happening, or increasing, or which can, shall, or may hereafter arise, renew, happen or increase, from or within any of the Lands or Grounds, for or in respect of the Tythes whereof such Allotments shall be made (Eajier Offerings, Mortuaries and Surplice Fees only excepted.)

3

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 133. 2555

LI. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the Lands Tythesu-and Grounds to be set out and allotted as aforesaid as and for a Satisfaction a.'otments or Compensation for Great and Small Tythes, shall b; inclosed and bti. g fencccr, fenced in Manner by this Act direct.'d, all tire Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and all Encroachments whatsoever in <r upon the fame, shall be and the same are hereby declared to be freed, discharged, and exonerated of«nd from all Tythes both Great and Small, and all other Ecdrfiastical Dues 2nd Payments whatsoever (Mortuaries, Eq/ier Offerings, and Surplice Fees excepted) arising, renewing, happening, or increasing out of or from ali such Lands and Grounds and Encroachments as aforesaid.

LII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Commissioners s.rtriivtfion to shall and they are hereby required to subdivide, assign, and allot the Allotment and Allotments so to be made for Great and Small Tythe* unto for Tyt»i« and between the several and respective Rectors, Vicars, and other Persons tc>

entitled to such Great and Small Tythes, their respective Successors, Heirs 1 's *u' and Assigns, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and determine to be a just; Satisfaction and Compensat>ofrt for their respective Rights and Interests in and to such Great and Small Tythes, and other EcclesiasticalDues and Payments as aforesaid (Mortuaries,

Eojler Offerings, and Surplice Fees excepted.)

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enr&ed, That nothing herein1 m0, tODrj_ cof.taihed Oiall prejudice or take away the Right cf any Rector Or V.car,*iuri|‘-C K'g^t or other Person whomsoever, to any Modules or o her Payments in lieU1 of Tythes (except Inch Tythes in respect whereof the said Allotments shall be made) Surplice Fees, Easter Offerings, or Mortuaries, to them respectively due and payable within their respective Purdhes, Constableries or Tythings.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners ftnll TheRefwhw and they are hereby authorized andfequiicd, in the next Place, to allot j° j’,1/‘ and set out the Residue of the said Open Commonable Grounds and 5-ur Waste Lands respectively, to and amongst all and every the Pc-suns.; entitled to Commonage in, over, or upon the fame respectively> or inv Part or Parts thereof respectively, in Proportion to the real Value of their several and respective Messuages, Cottages or Scites of Messuage>, or Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, in respect whereof they are entitled to such Right of Common, and to the Part or Parts of the Lands to be inclosed in, over or upon which their respective R ghts of Common shall extend , due Regard being had in settling the Quantum of each Allotment to the Quality and Situation of the Land to be comprized therein and thalf also set out and award every Person’s Allotment as near to his McffiHge' or Messuages, Cottages, Scites, Lands and Tenements, in respect whereof he is or shall be entitled to such Right of Common, as conveniently may be.

LV. Provided always and be it enacted, That in case the said- Commi:-sioners shall find it needfary and expedient to set out the Whole or any E Part or Parts of any Encroachments in or upon the said Open Common, able Grounds and Waste Lands respectively, for public ot private Road-, ' Ways, or Drains, then and in such Case it shall and may be laws the said commissioners to set out the frtftC, in such Manner as to them shallfecm meet and convenient.

Tythe* and other Allotments, how to be fenced,

2556 48° GEORGII III. Cap. nz.

Com,nlf‘ LVI. P.ovided also, and be it enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful laayjbefore for the said Commissioners, at any Time before executing their Award, executing to make any Alterations in the Allotments and Fences which they may aker AlTot have set out and ordered, or private Roads made over or co such Allotment* and ments, as they shall think expedient; and in case any Person or Persons private jtoads, shall be injured by any such Alteration or Alterations, on account of any Expences which he, she, or they may have incurred, the said Commissioners shall afeerrain and determine what Recompence shall be made to him, her, or them, and shall direct by whom and in what Manner such Recompence shall be made.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Oufermoftor Ring Fences of the several and respective Pieces or Parcels of Land to be allotted in lieu or and as a Compenfition for Great and Small Tythesas aforesaid, shall be properly planted with good Hawthorn Quicksets, and guarded on each Side with a double Row of Oak, Ash or Elm Pods and Rails, and a sufficient Ditch on each Side, or shall be made of good and diffident Stone Walls, or in such other Manner as the said Commissioners shall think proper and sufficient, together with such proper Gates and Oak Pods, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall dirt d and appoint, without any Deduction or Deductions from such Allotment or Allotments so to be made to the several Persons entitled to such Great and Small Tythes, their respective Successors, Heirs cr Assigns, or any of them, on account of such Expences; and all such Fences or such Part or Parts thereof as the said Commissionersffiall direct, shall forever after the making thereof be kept in Repair by the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be entitled to such Allotment or Allotments; and allFencesin pursuance of this Act to be made, for dividing and inclosing the Residue of the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands, shall be made, and at all Times for ever thereafter repaired and maintained by and at the Expence of the Proprietors intereded in such Residue, in such Parts and Proportions, and within such Time and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award direct or appoint.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Gates, Hedges, Prcvifioa Ditches, Walls, and Fences, which in pursuance of this Act shall be Fence»in&c to be made for inclosing the Land which shall be allotted in

of the Earl of heu of Right of Common appurtenant to or in tefped of any Messuages, S'amford anti Cottages, Scites, Lands or Hereditaments, now holden for one or more Life or Lives, or fjr Years determinable upon one or more Life or Lives by or under any Lease or Leases of or from the said Earl of Stamford and Warrington, or any of his Ancestors, shall be made and afterwards maintained for the Term of Seven Years, at the Costs and Charges of the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be entitled to the Reversion of such Leasehold Premises immediately expedant on the Termination of the fame Leases respectively; and after the Expiration of the said Term of Seven Years, all such Gates, Hedges, Ditches, Walls, and Fences, shall be maintained and supported by and at the Expence of the several and respective Lessees of the Landfo to be inclosed, during the Continuance of their respective Estates, Terms, and Interests therein by virtue of any such Lease or Leases asafortsaidj and that from and after the Fifth Day of April next after such Allotments shall nave been fenced and inclosed, the said several and respective Lessees of the Land so directed to be fenced and inclosed by the Persons entitled to

the

Warrington*

2557

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 13$.

the Reversion thereof as aforesaid, and also the said Earl’s fevetal and respective Lessees of any other Hereditaments which shall: have been exonerated from Tythes in pursuance of the Powers hereinafter contained, shall, during the Continuance of their respective Effaces,

Terms and Interests therein, by virtue of any such Lease or Leases as aforesaid, pay to the Person or Persons entitled to the Reversion of the fame Premises for the Time being, such Yearly Sum and Sums of Money in Consideration of and as a Satisfaction for the Costs and Charges such Reversioner or Reversioners shall be put to in making and maintaining such Fences as aforesaid, and for or on Account of the Exoneration of such ancient Inclosures from Tythes, as the said Commissioners shall by their Award direct; which said Sum and Sums of Money so to be paid by such Lessees respectively as aforesaid, shall be paid as an Increase of Rent, at such Days and in such Manner arid Proportions, and shall be recoverable by such and the fame Remedies as the several Rents now reserved in the said respective Leases are made payable and are now recoverable by Law.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all or any of the Lands to be allotted in pursuance of this Act in respect of any Messuages or Cottages gtamf'ord'i or Scites, or any Lands or Tenements held or demised for one or more Leasehold Life or Lives, or for Years determinable upon one or more Life or mayb^fetouc Lives, by or under any Lease or Leases of or from the said Earl of Stamford as commoa and Warrington, or any of his Ancestors, shall (if the said Earl of PafturCS* Stamford and Warrington, his Heirs or Assigns, shall be desirous thereof, and testify such his Desire to the said Commissioners or the major Part of them in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands) be set out and allotted to the said Earl in one or more Parcel or Parcels; to the Intent that during the Continuance of any such Lease or Leases, the fame may be used and enjoyed by the several Lessees or Occupiers for the Time being of the several Messuages or Cottages, Scites, Lands, or Tenements, in respect whereof the same shall be so allotted as a Common Pasture or Pafiures; and it shall be lawful for the said Earl, his Heirs and Assigns, to make Rules, Orders, and Regulations for the Use and Management thereof, and for the Siints of the Commonage or Depasturage thereon, and for the Protection and Preservation of the Herbage, Turf, Ground, Soil, and Fences thereof, and for the Employment and Appointment of proper Persons to execute such Rules and Orders, and to overlook the said Lands, and to impound Cattle which (ha 11 be found trespassing thereon contrary to such Regulations, and from Time to Time to evoke, alter, and vary the same as he or they shall think fit, and subject to such Right and Claim of such Lessees, to, in, or upon the said Allotments, the same shall belong to and be vested in the said Earl, his Heirs and Assigns for ever.

LX. Provided always, and be it enacted. Tint out of such Part of the Allotments t« Grounds or Lands to be allotted to the Lords of the said respective Manors, or other Owner or Owners of Soil respe&ivdy, their Heirs and Manors far Assigns, by virtue of this Act, the said Commissioners shall and they are Mineral pur-herthy required to fee out and allot unco and for each of such Lords and foaU dirla' Owners of Soil respectively, who shall udire the lame, and give Notice of within their such Desire to the said Commissioners in due Type, within his or their mmjS* respective Manors or Limits, one Allotment or Allotments, of such Quantity and in such Place or Places as shall be in such Noticeexpressed,

{s’iV.] s8 r which

*558 ^ GEORGII m. Cap. ijj.

which Hull or may appear to the said Lords or their LeiTces; or Person, authorized by them, and which shall be made to appear to the Satisfacs tion or the said Commissioners, probably to contain a Portion of Iron (tone-Slates, Slateflones, Whetllones or Hones, or other Minerals (except Limestone and such other Scones as are by this Act veiled in and given to the Proprietors of the Allotments under this Act) according to the Opinion and Judgement; of such Commissioners, as may be moll convenient for the Use and Exercise or his or their Mineral Rights as aforesaid, or any Works to be commenced, carried on or established for such Mineral Purposes, and so as such Allotment or Allotments for Mineral Purposes do not exceed the Amount of such respective Lords or Owners Portion of Land to be allotted to him or them respectively by this Act.

toth^stu* L3LI- And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments to be ation of Lord made to the said George Harry Earl of Stamford and Warrington, his Heirs Stamford’s and Assigns, in pursuance of this Act, shall be let out in such Plate or A tmentt. pjaces as he or they shall require, so as not to interfere with the general Convenience of the several other Persons interfiled in the said intended Inclosure; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required tofet out such and so many private Roads and Ways as shall be necessary for giving to the said Earl, his Heirs and Assigns, convenient Acceft to the Park of Bradgate, and the Purlieus, Woodlands, and other ancient Inclosures belonging to him the said Earl, abutting or adjoining to the said Grounds and Lands intended to be inclosed; and it any of the Land adjoining to the aforesaid Park of Bradgate, or to any of the aforesaid Purlieus or Woodlands, shall be set out or allotted unto or for any other Person or Persons than the said Earl, his Heirs or Assigns, rhen and in every such Case a Freeboard or Eaiemenc of the Width of Twenty-one Feet from the Walls or Fences of such Park, Purlieus, and Woodlands, shall be and is hereby reserved to and vested in the said Earl of Stamford and Warrington, his Heirs and Assigns.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out and allot unto and for the said William Herrick, his Heirs and Assigns, lo much of the Grounds and Lands to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, as lies next or adjoins to the Park of the said William Herrick at Beaumanor, from the Pocket Gate adjoining Loughborough Outwoods, to the Corner of Woodhouse Eaves by the Forest Lane, together with all Intakes Gr Encroachments thereon, as the said William Herrick, his Heirs or Assigns, shall require, due Regard being had by them the said Commissioners to the Quantity, Quality, Situation, Convenience, and Extent thereof, as shall be so required, and that the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to dedudl and allow such ample Compensation and Satisfaction out of the Land to be allotted to the said William Herrick, his Heirs and Assigns, and add the same to the Allotments to be made to the Earl of Moira, his Heirs and Assigns, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be the full Value of the said Intakes and Inclosures belonging to the said Earl, which shall be so set out and allotted unto and for the said William Herrick, his Heirs and Assigns as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required ro set out such and so many private Roads and Ways as shall be necessary for giving to the said William Herrick, his Heirs and Assigns, convenient Access to the Woods called Loughborough Outwoods j and if any of the 7 Land

For allotting:

to William

uTtoVsiren-don Park, t .> Thomas March Phil-lipps Esquire,

ictjt

5fil0

m

tk

eries

«4

tcttd

tube

o be

i-.-s «or rami raced aired % & to dent 3 the Land mYtd aw rdin wee rods, ijsrd

and to to be [the

>r,

ten

Ion-

laid

ioff

tied

ilic

the

0

md

as

td

ry

nc

id

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 2$5

Land adjoining to any of the said Outwoods shall be fee out or allotted unroor for any other Person or Persons than the said William Herrick, his jfttirs or Assigns, then and in every such Case a Freeboard or Easement of the Width of Twenty-one Feet from the Fences of such Woodlands shall be and is hereby reserved to and vested in the said William Herrick, his Heirs and Assigns; and the said Commissionerrs shall and they are hereby required to fetout and allot unto and for the said Thomas March Phillipps, his Heirs and Assigns, as Part of the Allotments to be made to him and them pursuant to this Act, so much of the Grounds or Lands, with the Intakes or Encroachments thereon, to be divided and inclosed as he shall require, as lies next or adjoins near to GaratdonPark on the South and West Sides thereof, having due Regard as aforesaid to the Quality, Quantity, Situation, and Convenience of such Allotment, such particular Allotment to extend on one Side to the Turnpike Road leading from Loughborough to AfBby dela Zouch, and on the other to the public Road which shall be set out by the said Commissioners from such Turnpike Road, to the Town of Sheepjheud, which Road the said Commissioners are hereby directed to set out from the Forest-Street at' Shecpfhoad, over the Accommodation Bridge on the Canal between Ockley Brook and Cold-well Springs or Town Brook to the said Ashby de la Zouch Road; and the said Commissioners shall not be at Liberty to fee out any other public Road between the said new Road and Garendon Park, and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set Out such and so many private Roads and Ways as shall be necessary for giving unto the said Thomas March Fhillipps, his Heirs and Assigns, convenient Access to the Woods, called Holywell, Oxley or Finyhill, HolyOak or Hook-hillWoods\ and if any of the Lands adjoining to any of the fame Woods shall be set out or allotted unto any other Person or Persons than the said Thomas March Phillips, his Heirs or Assigns, then and in every such Case a Freeboard or Easement of the Width of Twenty, one Feet from the Fences of such Woodlands shall be and is hereby reserved to and vested in the said Thomas March Phillipps, his Heirs and Assigns 5 and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out and allot unto and: for Edward Farnham Esquire, and George Watkinfort Gentleman, as or in Part of the Allotments to be made to them, so much of the Grounds and Lands to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, as lies next or adjoins to their respective inclosed Lands in the Lord ship, Hamlet or Liberty of Woodhouse aforesaid, together with all Intakes or Encroachments thereon, as the Lid Edward Farnham and George Watkinson respectively, or their respective Heirs or Assigns, shall require, due Regard being had by the said Commissioners to the Quantity, Quality, Situation, Convenience, and Extent thereof as shall be so required; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to deduct and allow such ample CompenLtion and Satisfaft’on out of the Land to be allotted to the said Edward Farnham and George Watkinson reprftively, and add the same to the Allotments to be made to the said Earl of Moira, his Heirs and Assigns, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be the full Value of the said Intakes and Inclosures belonging to the said Earl, which shall be so set out and allotted unto and for the said Edward Farnham and George Watkinfin respectively, or their respective Heirs and Assigns as aforesaid,

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Allotments to be made to Allotments to and for the said Earl of Moira, his Heirs and Assigns, and to the several Owners of

other Soiltto

3 i;6<5

th. require( outwent h he$e Bern i Conveni-

Onvenient

R 'ds, &c. to

*’ Uiveferolt

Convenient

Roads, &. toBmlon In closures.

Proprietors Freeboards may have Allotments for them.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. in-

other Lords and Owners of Soil, and their respective Heirs and Allignfs in pursuance of this Act, shall be let out in such Situations as he» they, or any of them shall require, so as not to interfere with the g-neral Convenience of the other Persons interested in the said intended Division.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set out such and so many private Roads and Ways as shall be necessary for giving to the said William Parkin Bof-villi, his Hers and Assigns, convenient Access to the Messuages, Woodlands, and other ancient inclosures of Ulvefcroft belonging to him the said William Parkin Bofville, abutting or adjoining to the said Grounds o-r Lands intended to be inclosed; and if any of the Lands adjoining to any of his aforesaid Woodlands shall be fct out or allotted unto or for any other Person or Persons than che said William Parkin Bofville, his Heirs or Assigns, then and in every such Case a Freeboard or Easement, of the Width of Twenty-one Feet from the Fences of such Woodlands, shall be and is hereby reserved to and verted in the said William Parkin Bofville, his Heirs and Assigns.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to set our such and so many private Roads and Ways as shall be necessary for giving to the tod William Hood, his Heirs and Assigns, convenient Access to the Messuages, Woodlands, and other ancient inclosures of Bar don aforesaid, belonging to him the said William Hood, abutting or adjoining to the said Grounds or Lands intended to be inclosed; and if any of the Lands adjoining to any of his aforesaid Woodlands shall be set out or allotted unto or for any other Person or Persons than the said William Hood, his Heirs or Assigns, then and in every such Case a Freeboard or Easement of the Width of Twenty-one* Feet from the Fences of such Woodlands, shall be and is hereby reserved to and verted in the said William Hood, his Ideirs and Assigns.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the Proptietor or Proprietors of any Freeboard or Easement belonging to any Park, Lands, or Estates next adjoining the Open Commonable Grounds or Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, shall be desirous to have an Alloc ment or Allotments in lieu thereof, and shall give Notice of such his or their Desire in Writing to the said Commissioners, at or before their Third Meeting to be holden in the Execution of this Atb, then and in every such Gale the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to fee our, assign, and allot to such Proprietor or Proprietors respectively, such Plot, Piece, or Parcel of Land to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, or Parc of the said Freeboard or Easement, as they the said Commissioners shall adjudge to be equal in Value, Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered, to such Freeboard or E lement, as aforesaid i and the Fence or Fences adjoining on such Freeboard or Easement, and now maintained and supported by the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, shall for ever thereafter continue to be maintained and supported by and at the Expence of such Proprietor or Proprietors respectivgly, and their respective Heirs and Assigns; and the Allotment or Allotments so to be set out and allotted as aforesaid, in lieu of such Freeboard or Easement, shall be deemed and taken to be Part and

Parcel

2561

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

Parcel of the Barish,. Constablery, Towndiip, Hamlet or Place, to which the Paid Frecht>ar3 or Eafcnient at the Time of passing this Act shall respectively belong.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That when and as soon as the Allotments herein dirtded to be made for Soil and Tythes shall be flaked

upon as soon

and set out, which the said Commissioners are hi r by directed to do with as afetrtained. all convenient Speed, after the Limits and Boundaries of the fevera) Manors, Parishes, Constablcries, TawnSlips, Hamlets, and Places shall have been ascertained, the several Pci Ions entitled to fuv.h Soil and Tythes shall and may enter upon, and occupy and enjoy their respective Allotments in Severalty, without paving any Rent for the fame, and also it shall be lawful to and for all or any of the Proprietors, after the Allotments in general shall have been by Order of the said Commissioners flaked and set our, by and with the Consent of the said Commissioners in Writing under their Hands, to enter upon their respective Allotments, and to fence the fame in such Manner and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall dirtd; and in case the Fences of any such Allotment which shall be set out in any of the Cafes aforesaid, before the Execution of the Award, shall be wilfully damaged or spoiled, or any Trespass shall be committed, the Person or Persons committing the Fact shall be deemed a wilful Trespasser or Trespassers, and be liable to answer Damages and full Costs of Suit to the Party or Parties injured thereby.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Sheep or Lambs shall be For prevent, kept in any of the new Inclosures to be made by virtue of this Act, during Quickiet# the Space of Ten Years from the Execution of the said Award, unless the damaged by fame shall be fenced with sufficient Stone Walls, or the Person or Persons Sheep, keeping such Sheep or Lambs shall and do, at his, her, or iheir own Expence, fence or guard his, her, or their Neighbour’s Quicksets adjoining the Inclosures wherein such Sheep or Lambs shall be kept, so as to prevent any Damage being done ro such Quicksets by such Sheep or Lambs; and it shall not be lawful for any Pei ion cr Persons to turn or put, or cause to be turned or put, any Sheep, Lambs, Horses, Asses, or other Beasts or Cattle, into any of the Ways, Lanes, or Roads, on either Side of which any newly planted Fence shall be growing.

LXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if owing to Satisfaction to the Sicuath n or other Crcnmllances of any Allotment or Allotments it unequlff<,r shall happen that the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof shall not have a Sim/esof proportionate Share of Boundary Fencing thereto, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, where they shall judge reasonable, to ascertain and appoint any Sum or Sums of Mcney to be contributed and paid by such Proprietor or Proprietors towards the Expences of the Boundary Fencing of such other or others of the said Proprietors who may happen to have:too great a Proportion thereof, in order that the Expences of the said Boundary Fencing may be brought as r.ear as may be to a just and equal Proportion (Regard being had to the necessary Subdivision Fences within the refnedive Allotments) and the Money so to be ascertained and applied shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as the Expence* of executing this Act, in case of a Deficiency from the Sale of Land, arc herein-be fore directed to be levied and recovered;

2562 48° GEORGII Iir. Cap.

Exchanges

LXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to may be ma e. flncj £or £aid Coxxsmissioners to fee out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in whatsoever Parishes, Townships, Hamt-lets, or Places the same are situate. the Owners whereof are entitled in right or respect of the same to any Right of Common upon the said Open Commonable Grounds or any Part thereof, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever within any of the Parishes,. Townships, Hamlets, or Places in which the said Open Commonable Grounds respe&rvel y lie or are situate, or which are entitled to Right of Common as aforesaid, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, Township or Place; provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the said Award of the said Commissioners, or fame other Deed or Deeds, Instruraerrt or Internments in Writing under their Hands and Seals, and be made with the Con ent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements or-Hereditaments, which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners; Proprietor or Proprietors shall be a Body or Bidies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate* Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or fur Life, or in Fee Tail general or special, or by the Courtel'y of E'glands or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees or Attornies of or adingfor any such Proprietors or Owner,s as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Coverr, Lunatics, or under any other legal Incapacity, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consent to be te(lifted in Writing under the Common Seal of die Body Politic, Corporate or Coliegiate, and under the Hands of the other Parties co rife filing respectively; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges fb to oe made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law . to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditament*, held in Right of any Church, Chapel or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, withoutihe Consent ttftified as aforesaid of the Patron thereof, or as to the Vicarage oiWbitrvick, whereof the King’s most Excellent Majesty i* Patron in Right of His Duchy of Lancaster, of the Chancellor of His Majesty's said Duchy, and of the Bishop of the Diocefeor other Ordinary of the Ecclesiastical Juxifdidion in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie or be situate.

Expencfs of

LXXL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Costs, Charges, how tobe* and Expence3 attending the making and completing of ail Exchange* paid* and Partitions under the Powers and Authorities in this Act and the Lid

recited Act of the Forcy-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or either of them contained, shall be paid and borne by tl)e several Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissionerj Copyhold Te- shall order andclired: Provided always, that no such Exchange shall extend changed"* 10 aised the Tenure of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Heredga-Lamis, not to ments, held by Copy of Court Roll, or being of Copyhold or Customary SithouV'con- Tenure, unless the respective Lords or Owners of the respective Manors lent of the whereof the fame arc so holden shall be privy and contenting toxhe Exchange

GEORGII III. Cap. 133. *5$3

Exchange so made, to be testifkd by their being made Parties to and txectuEg the Deeds and Writings for making such Exchanges respectively.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all and every the A!,otm£"frss t& Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act as a Satisf.icUon or Com- F,ee-S* pensation for Great or Small Tythes, and also all and every the Allotments hold mil to to be made for or in respect of Freehold Estates, shall be deemed and taken ^he'copy- to be, and held and enjoyed as Freehold Estates (subject nevertheless to holdu the feigniorial Rights of the Lords of the respective Manors in which the lame ate situate) , and all and every the Allotments to be made for or in respect of any Customary or Copyhold Estates held of any of the said Manors in wlrch the said Grounds and Lands to be inclosed by virtue of this Act respectively lie or are situate; shall be deemed and taken to be and Hi a 11 be held as Customary or Copyhold Estates; and the several and respective Persons to whom such Alloments for or in respect of Customary or Copy-hold Effaces shall be assigned and fct out, shall be admitted thereto by Copy of Court Roll by the Steward or Stewards of the Lord or Lords, or his or their Deputy, and the same shall b e held and enjoyed by such Person and Persons, according to his and their respective Right,

Title, and Interest of and in the Messuages, ancient Buildings or Scites thereof. Lands and Tenements, in respect whereof such last-menrioned Allotments were or shall be assigned and fee out respectively, and subject to the Payment and Performance to the Lords and their Heirs respectively of the like Fines, Rents, Services, and Customs, as are or shall be due and payable for other the Customary or Copyhold Estates there according to the Customs there used.

LXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Compensation Commissioners shall, in aligning and setting out all and every the Al- ou^or Aibt-lotmencs of Lands for and in respect of any Messuages, Cottages, Scites, merits to dif-Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, held by Copy of Court Roll, or being of Copyhold or Customary Tenure, of any other Manor or Manors Lords, and than the several M nors within which the said Lands and Grounds to be in-cjofed by virtue of this Act are situate, apportion and let out the fame Allot- hold, ments unto and between the several and respective Lords or Owners of the several and respective Manors whereof the said Copyhold and Customary Premises are hpiden, and the respective Copyhold or Customary Tenants thereof, in due and just Proportions according to their respective Rights and Interests, in such Sort, Manner and Form as that the said respective Lords or Owners of Manors may have and receive out of the said Allotments fuchrea-fopable Benefit as in the judgement of the said Commissioners shall be equal to thectffujd and incidental Advantages and Emoluments which would arise and happen to the said respective Lords or Owners of the said Manors, from the said Allotments, in case the fame had been or were to be annexed unto the said Copyhold or Customary Premises, and held by the fame Tenures respectively; and inConsideration thereof, all and every the Allotments so to be assigned and fee out in respect of any Copyhold or Customary Messuages, Gottagts, Scites, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, within all and every the said Manors or Lordships, shall be held and enjoyed by the several and respective Copyhold and Customary Tenants, their Heirs and Assigns severally and respectively for ever in Fee Simple, freed and discharged of and from all and ali Manner of Fines, Rents, Services, Fjeriots and Reliefs, and o.her Customary Dues and Payments whatl'oever, to

the

2564 48" GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

the Lords or Owners of the said Manors, but subject nevertheless to all such Entails, Wills. Trulls, Uses, Settlements, Mortgages and Incumbrances, (except such as would be incidental to their Tenure as Copy-hold and Cuttomary Lands) and the lever a 1 and respective Lands, Tenements, an- Hereditaments, to which the said Allotments shall belong, are or may be subject or liable unto at the Time of executing the said Award, and also subject to the feignoria! Rights of the Lords of the respective Manors in which the said Allotments shall lie or be fituare*

Power toen-

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the Lord or Lords of any

CopyhoUis Manor or Manors within any of the Parishes, Townships or Placts, having Right of Common on the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands, or any Part thereof respectively, shall agree with any of hi- or their Copyhold Tenant or Tenants of such Manor or Manors for the Enfranchiscmerit of his or their Copyhold Estate or Estates held of such Manor or Manors, or any of them, or of any Parc of such Estate or Estates held* of such Copyhold Manor o Manorlyor any of them, ajid shall signify his or their Consent thereto by Writing under’ his or their Hands, to be delivered to the said Commissioners before any Allotment shall be made in puritiance of this Act, then the said C ^nn ilhoners may and they are hereby authorized and required toft me and aloe such Part or Parts as shall be agreed upon between the Lord or Lords of Inch Manor or Manors, and any Copyholder or Copyholders of such Manor or Manors, of the Mdfuages, Hereditaments, Lands, and Grounds of such Cppyholderor Copyholders, as a Compensation for any Right or Rights which such Lord or Lords may have or claim in the Allotments so to be made to such Copyholder or Copyholders, and to his, her, or their Messuages, Hereditaments, or ancient Indolurts and Homesteads, as Lord or Lords of such Manor or Manors as aforesaid; and after such Division and Allotment, the Mdfuages, Cottages, old Inclosures and Homesteads- of such Copyholder or Copyholders, and also the Allotment or Allotments to be made to him, her, or them, by the said Commissioners in right thereof, held of such Manor or Manors, or the Lord or Lords thereof, by Copy of Court Roil or ocher-wife, shall be and are hereby declared to be enfrauchifed and discharged from any Copyhold Tenure, bines and Fees, to the Lord or Lords of such Manor or Manors, and shall be deemed and taken to be Freehold to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

The Chace

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after

*fordteri.dir~ t'^ie Commissioners shall have made ana executed fsheir Award, act mentioned and directed by the said recited Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, ah and singular the Lands lying within the ancient Limits or Boundaries of the said Fort ft or Code and Plain respectively, which are already inelcfed, as well Freehold as Copyhold and incroached Lands., and also all and singular toe said Open Common a bk Grounds and Waste Lands within the said Forest or Chase and Plain rel-peftively, or any of them, under and by virtue of this Act intended to be divided and inclosed, shall from thenceforth become and be and continue from thenceforth forever absolutely exonerated and discharged from Game of Deer, Warrens of Conies^ and all foreftrial Rights and Privileges-whatsoever, which the several and respective Lords or the Manors, 07 my of them, or their respective Heirs or Assign.% or any of them respee-7 tively

35 65

48* GEORGlI III. Cap. 133.

tively, can cr may or could or might otierwife claim therein except in respect of the Payment of such Fines, Rrli Is, Heriots, and Rents, and Performances of stich Fealties, Suits of C urr. Services, Customs,

Rights and Privileges, as are due and payabl: for and in respect o( Messuages and Buildings and Lands of ancient Inclosure within the Limits of the said Fore R or Chafe and Plain respectively, and as are intended co be in and by this Act particularly icfcrved.

LXXVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be cor: it rued to extend to revoke, make void, will u( Sairk-annul, or affect any Settlement, Deed, Will, or Lease whatsoevt r, or to meuu prejudice sny Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower,

Jointure, Rent, Debt, Charge, or Incumbrance, in, out of, upon, or affecting ar.y of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be divided, allowed, inclosrd, or exclunged by virtue of the said recited Act made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or of this Act, or any Part or Parcs thereof respectively; but that the several Persons to whom such Lands, Tcmmeais, or Hereditaments shall be assigned, allotted, cr given in Exchange by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, shall be seised and possessed thereof respectively to such and the fume Uses, and to and for such and the fame Effaces, and with such and the lame Powers and Authorities for making Leases and otherwise, and subject to the fame Wills, Limitations, Conditions, Settlements, Trulls, Provides,

Remainders, Reversions, Debts, Charges, and Incumbrances, as the several Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in right or respect or in lieu whereof such All tment3 or Exchanges shall be made to them respectively, would have been subject to and charged with or affected by, in case this Act had not been made, except in such Cases as is herein otherwise directed and provided.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That immediately after all the After Allot-Allotments to De made in pursuance of this Act flail, by Order of the Jde» said Commissoners, be marked or flaked out, all the several Shares or common to Allotments to be let ouc as aforesaid, shall be in lieu of and in full Satis- cea!"c* faction and CompenLtion for all Right of Common which the said Proprietors or any of them could or might have had or been entitled to, in, over, and upon the said Commonable Grounds or Waste Lands, or any Pare thereof, and from that Time all Right of Common in or upon the said Open Commonable Grounds or Waste Lands shall ceale, and be fur ever annulled, abolraiej and extinguished.

LXXVIII. Provided neverthelrfs, That it shall be lawful for the said Right of Cobi. Commissioners at any Time before the Execution <)f that said Award, by monmaybe Notice in Writing under their Hards, to be affixed upon the principal extinguitoed Doors of the several Churches or Chapels in each Parish, Constable, before the Ex* Township, or Place entitled to R ight of Common upon the said Open ^Joltlls Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands, to order and direct all or any Parc of the Rights of Common in or over the said Commonable Ground* and Waste Lands, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof suspended for and during such Time or Times as shall be expressed in such Writing; and all such Rights of Common as the said CommifTi ners shall by such Writing'brder' and direct co be extinguished, or th- Exercise thereof ro be fgfpeuded as aforesaid, shall from the Time \Lcc. ft? Per.'] a 8 X mentioned

25^6 4$* GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

mentioned in such Writing cease, determine and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly; any Law, Ufige, or Cudom to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LifemaSfor

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful

grant"i^acts for such of the Uid Proprietors who are Tenants for Life to grant any oae YWenty* ^ease o^Eeafes to any Person or Persons whomsoever, of the Lands to be cars' allotted to them, or any Part or Parts thereof, with the Appurtenances, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years; so as that the fa nit do commence in Possession and not in Reversion; and so as upon every such Lease or Leases there be reserved and made payable during the Continuance thereof respectively, the bed and most improved yearly Rent or Rents, or other Confederations that can be reasonably had and obtained for the lame, without taking any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Fine or Foregifr, for or in resprd of such Lease or Leases; and so as no such Lessee or Lcffees have thereby Power to commit Wade; and so as in every such Lease or Leases there be contained a Clause of Re-entry on Non payment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved and made payable to the Person or Persons granting such Lease or Leases, and the several other. Persons who in Succession may be entitled to the fame Lands j and so as the Lessee or Lessees do at the same Time execute a Counterpart or Counterparts of such Lease or Leases.

Directing fhat

LXXX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Lease or Leases

ftafriioH)"1* to gran^d by virtue of the Laid recited Act of the Forty-firffc Year of valid without His present Majesty's Reign, by the Rector of the Lid Parish of Switbland Oie King's or bjs Successors, of any Lands or Grounds to be a dotted to him by vir-

tn tusof this Act in Right or the Laid Rectory, shall be good, valid or effec-

tual, unless the Consent of the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as Patron of the said Redwry, shall be had and obtained thereto, previous to the Execution of such Lease or Leases j nor shall any such Lease or Leases to be made or granted by the Vicar of the said Parish of IVbitwick, or his Successors, of any Lands or Grounds to be allotted to him by virtue of this Act, in right of his said Vicarage, be good or tfledual, unless the Consent of the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, as Patrons of the said Vicarage, shall be had and obtained prtvious to the Execution of such Lease or Leases.

Proprietor* of

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Land to be allotted in Elutes in pursuance of this Act for and in lieu of Righc of Commonage in respect hAve^hS7 Messuages, Cottages, Scites, Homedeads, Lands, Tenements, or

Aiutm^t* Hereditaments in Belton aforesaid shall (if the major Part in Value of

ther °as 1°S*’ the Proprietors of such r dates, according to the A (fed men t to the Land Co mu. on Tax, shall be desirous thereof, and tedify such Desire in Writing to the P-fturc, Commissioners at One of their Meetings, before the Allotments in respect of such Estates shall have been otherwise fixed) be tet out and allotted altogether contiguous to the present Boundary Fence of the old Inclosures in Belton> unless the Owners of Soil and Tythes in Belton shall defie to have their Allotments in that Situation, and in such Case next adjoining to such Allotments; to she Intent the lame may be used and enjoyed by the Lvcral Proprietors of the Messuages, Cottages, Scites,

Homedeads,

4S3 GEORGII III. Cap. 133, 2567

Homefleacls, Land.*, Tenement.*, and Hereditaments in respe^ whereof the same shall be so allotted as a common P.jfh.re, or in such other Manner and undrr loch Regulation ’, in all Rdpi&as the said Commissioners shall in that Behall in and by their Award direct and appoint; and each and every of the Persons interfiled in inch general Allotment shall be subject to the Dirtft.ons of the said Commissioners rd'pecting the Fences thereof, and liable to contribute to the Sixpences of the fame, in like Manner a? herein directed respecting Proptietors not having a piopottionate Share or Boundary Fencing to ihtir Allotments.

LXXXII. And be it further em-tted, That if any of the several Owners 0*niri of of ancienrMcftuages, Cottages, Scites cr Homefte^ds, Lands, Tenements Common or Hereditaments, shall be desirous that their rt-lp-Clive Shares and Pro- i^vcthcir* portions of the said Open Commonable Grounds aid Waste Lands so Allotment* dirtfled to be divided, allotted end inclosed as aforesaid, in respect of their laidtos«the . Common Rightsbelongingto such Messuages, Cottages, Sc tesorHomettcads,

Lands, Tenements, or Heredit iments should be allotted together in one or more Parcel or Parcels, 2nd shall txprefs such their Desire in Writing to the said Com milhonerF, at one of their Meetings to beheld in pursuance cf this Act, before such Allotments shall have been otherwise fixed by the said Commissioners, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby requited tofet out the several Parcels of Land to be allotted to such several Persons in one Allotment; and such Allotments shall be used and enjoyed by the several Proprietors thereof in inch Manner and under such Regulations, as the said Commissioners shall in that Behalf direct and appoint in their Award.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Power to fell hath or have fold or contracted or agreed to fell, or shall at any Time Rig^t^before before the Execution of the said Award of the said Commissioners fell or Award, contract or agree to fell his, her, or their Right, Interest, or Property in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted and incl /fed, to any other Person or Persons, then and in every such Case ir shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners,

2nd they are heiffoy authorized and required to make the Allotment or Allotments of Land unto the Vend, e or Furchaftr in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, or to hi£, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, for or in resped of such Right, Interest, and Property so fold or contracted or agreed to be sold, as aforesaid; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, and his, her or their Heirs and Assigns, shall and may from and after the Execution of the said Award hold and enjoy the Land lb to be allotted to him, her, or them, as aforesaid, in the same Manner 10 all Intents and Purposes as the Vendor in every such Sale, Contract, or Agreement, might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in case such Sale, Contract, or Agreement had not been made, or such Right, Interest, or Property had been vested in such Vendor at the Time of making such Allotment or Allotments as aforesaid.

LXXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Quarries s.one Q,ur. ot Limestone, Freeftone, and other Stone whatsoever (except every Quarry riei vetted in 01 Quarriesol Ironftcne, Slate or Stcnr,capatle of being hi wa or broken into JJwreK* Slate, and Stones used or capable of being used for Whetstones or Hones, or such other like Purposes) already opened, or which shall at any Time

hereafter

s.565 GEORGII III. Cap. 133:

hereafter be opened within or upon the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waft-; Lands, or any of them, intended to be iridofed determined by the Audio*-rity of this Act, shall be and the same are hereby veiled in and declared to be the foie and absolute Property of the i'c,f ns to whom the Lands within which the aforesaid Stone Quarries are relj.tdively fiuate shall be allotted j and that it shall and may be 1 v/ful to and fur the Owners of the said Lands respectively, thti Heirs and Assigns, at all Times for ever hereafter, to win and work the said Stone Quarries'(except as aforesaid) within their respective Lands, and to dig, take, and tarry away the Stone, not- being of f'uch feverr.l Kinds as are before excepted, there found, to and for their own proper and respective Use and Ddposal, any Cullom ci Usage to the contrary not with Handing.

Sitteand Mi-

LXXXV. And be it further ensded, That it shall and may be lawful to^hc Lords'* to an<^ ^or l^ie Lords or prefer, t Owners of the Soil of the said Commonable of the soil Grounds and Waste Lands, their Iieirs and Affirms, and to and for their *OonSforti£" re!P^:,ve Lessees, from Time to Time and at all Times forever hereafter, Itanafe*.r 'In such and the like Manner as if this Act hat! not been made, to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds within their respective Manors or Limits, to search for and to have and enjoy ai! 1 onftene, Quarries or Slate and Stone capable of being hewn or broken into Slate, and all Stone used or capable of being used as Whetstones or Hones, or such like Purposes, and also all Mints and Beds of Coal and other Minerals whatsoever (except Linieftoneand other Stone hereby vtfted in the Land Owners as aforesaid) and also for their Servants, Agents, or Workmen, to dig for, get, and wo;k for the only separate Use and Benefit of the Lid Lords or Owners of Soil respectively for the Time being, or of their respective Lcffees, all such Ironstone, Slate and Siateftone, Whetftonrs and Hones, Beds and Mines of Coal and other Minerals, and from Lime to Time to cut, fink, dig and make Pits, drive Soughs, and erect Engines and other Machines, plumb, dial, level ana bore, and do all other Work in and upon such Parts or Places of the Allotments of the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands within their respective Manors or Limns, for getting, working, preparing, unwatering, and carrying on such Ironstone, Slates, Siateftone, Whetstones and Hones, Beds and Mines of Coal and other Minerals, in the said Allotments, as they shall respectively think proper, and to have and use convenient and necessary Places upon the said Allotments for the laying of such Ironstone* Slam and Slatcftone, Whetstones and Hones, Coal and other Minerals whatsoever, to be gotten and dug ,n and upon the fame, and also for h Lying of all Soil and Rubbifiito be dug and gotten by fetnng, sinking, m-king, and digging such Pits and driving such Soughs and erecting such Engines and other Machines, and doing such other Work for the Purposes aforesaid, and also free Way and Passage from Time to Time and at all Times for ever hereafter, into, through, and over the said Allotments for the said Lor $ or Owners of Soil, their Heirs and Assigns, and their respective Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and for all ether Persons whomsoever employed by them respectively, in the most convenient Directions to and from all and every of the find Works to any Cut or Canal, Navigation, Railways, Stone or ether Roads, which now is or are, or hereafter may he made, cr to the most convenient public or private Roads, with or without Wains, Waggons, Carts, Carriages, and Horles for the rurpose of taking and carrying away 10 ucctfikry

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 13 j. 2569

necefLry and proper Engines, Machines, and other Materials or Things whatsoever to and from all Mines, Quarries, Pits, and Soughs, in the said Allotments of the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands, within the respective Manors or Limits of such Lords or Owners of Soil, and for working and carrying on the fame, and also for the Purpose of fetching and carrying away all such Iron (tone, Slate, Slate-stone, Whetstones, Hones, Coal and Minerals, to be dug and potten in the said Allotments (doing as lirtle Damage as may be in the Exercise of any such Rights as aforesaid), and the Person or Persons who for the Time being, shall be Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the said Ground wherein such Mines, Quarries, Pics, or Soughs shall be so as aforesaid made, driven, or worked, or such Engines or Machines erected, or such Ironstone, Slates, Slateftone, Whetstones and Hones,

Coal or Minerals,or such Soil or Rubbish laid, or such Ways and Passages made and used, shall have full and adequate Satisfaction made to him, her, or them, upon Demand, by the respective Lords or Owners of Soil for the Time being, or the Lessee or Lessees of them respectively, for the Damages from Time to Time to be done therein; and also ic shall be lawful for the Land Owner or Land Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, within or upon whose Lands any Slate, Quarry or Quarries, shall be opened, to use, take, and carry away, such Part and so much of the Soil and Rubbish, or refuse Slate-stones, which shall arise and be made by the opening and working of such Quarry or Quarries as shall not be used or disposed of, or be intended to be used or disposed of by the Person or Persons working such Quarries, in the Enjoyment of the Right hereby reserved, but (o as not to impede or obstruct the working of the said Quarries, or in anyways prejudice the Conveniences hereby reserved for carrying on the same.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made Award, by the said Commissioners, when inrolled in Manner due&ed by the said recited Act made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be deposited and filed by the Register of the Court of the Peculiar of Groobj aforesaid for the Time being, or his Deputy, amongst the Court Books and other Records of the fame Court; where the same shall and may be at all Times had Recourse to, and inspected and per used.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners Extract of fey shall and they are hereby required to make an Extract on Parchment, under commiMio'i* their Hands and Seals, of so much of their Award as shall conrain an ers Award accurate Description of the Allotment or Allotments to be made to His tu the Vfng’J said Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, under and in virtue of this Act, Allotment, together with such Regulations or Provisions relative to such Allotment or Allotments, or to any other Rights or Interests of His Majesty, as may Revenue be contained in such Award, and also a Map or Plan of such Allotment or Allotments, and transmit the same to the Surveyor General of His Majesty's Land Revenue for the Time being, within Two Calendar Months next after the making and executing the said Award, to be by him filed and kept among the Muniments of his Office, and to be produced, read and received in Evidence on all Occasions where any Question, Doubt, or Controversy may arise, relating to or affecting the Rights or Interests of His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, in respeef of such Allotments or Allotments, Rights or Interests*

[Lee. fc? Per.2 T

2570 48# GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

wuchCof0rhe°

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, Thatrhesaid Commissioners CoaimiiEon- shall and they are hereby required to make an Extract on Parchment, er> Award under their Hands and Seals of so much of their Award as shall contain

to the^vkar* an accurate Description of the Allotment or Allotments to be made to of Whitwick’e the Vicar of IVbitwick aforesaid, and his Successors, under and in virtue of this toSffenVto togethtrwith such RegulationsorProvisionsrelative to such Allotment

the Duchy of or Allotments, or to any other Rights or Interests of the said Vicar, or "r His Majesty in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster, as may be contained in such Award, and also a Map or Plan of such Allotment or Allotments, andtransmit the same to the Clerk of the Council of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster for the Time being, within Two Calendar Months next after the making and executing the said Award, to be by him filed and kept among the Muniments of his Office, and to be produced, read and received in Evidence on all Occasions where any Question, Doubt or Controversy may aiife, relating to or affVcting the Rights or Interests of the said Vicar, or His Majesty in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster, His Heirs or Successors, in respetft of such Allotment or Allotments, Rights or Interests.

Commission-rr» to make other Copies at the

Request and Costs of Pei fonsinterested.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required at the Request and at the proper Costs of any Person or Persons having any Aliocmenc or Allotments of the said Open Commonable Grounds or Waste Lands at any Time within the Space of Five Years after the said Commissioners shall have executed such their Award as aforesaid, to make, sign, seal and execute any Number of other Copies of such their Award, together with such Maps or Plans as shall be annexed thereto; which other Copy or Copies shall be delivered to such Person or Persons applying for the fame and paying the Expence thereof; and shall also, without being inrolled, as well as a Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, on Paper stamped according to Law for Copies of Records, at all Times, thereafter be received and admitted as Evidence in all Courts of Law and Equity.

For discharg- XC. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons entitled ing old incio- to Tythes within any of the Parishes, Constableries, Townships, Hamlets T Hie^0171 an^ ^aces having Right of Common upon the said Open Commonable

7 ie5‘ Grounds and Waste Lands, or any Part thereof, respectively, shall agree

with any of the Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements in any of such Parishes, Constableries, Townships, Hamlets <od Places, for discharging all or any Part of the Lands and Tenements belonging to such Owners and Proprietors from the Payment of Tythes, or Modules or Compcfiiions in lieu thereof, and shall signify the fame by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, to be delivered to the said Commissioners, before the Execution of their Award, then the said Commissioncis may and they are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot anti award unto and for the Person or Persons entitled to such Tythes respectively, his, her and their Heirs and Successors, such Part or Parts of the Shares or Proportions to which the Owners or Proprietors of such Lands and Tenements intended to be discharged from Tythes, may be entitle - , of the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands, or of the Lands and Tenements belonging to such Owners or Proprietors within any of the said Farishes, Constableries, Tewnships, Hamlets or Places, as shall be settled and agreed upon between the said Parties, and in the Judgement of the said Commissioners shall be in Value equal to or greater than the Tythes, Mo- dufes

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 133. 3571

dufes or Compositions intended to be commuted for thereby, and such Allotments shall be and be deemed and taken to be in lieu of, and as a full Recompence and Compensation for all Tythes, Modules or Compositions payable or accruing to the Tythe Owner or Tythe Owners to whom the same shall be made, provided that all such Commutations for Tythes be ascertained, specified and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, or some other Deed, or Deeds, Instrument or Instrumentsin Writing under their Hands and Seals, and inrolled in such or the like Manner as rheir said Award is directed to be inrolled; and all and every such Commutation and Commutations for Tythes so to be made, shall be good, valid and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no such Agreement or Allotments to be made for discharging, or which may in anywise affect any Tythes belonging to any Rectors or Vicars, shall be available for discharging such Tythes, or shall in any wise affect the fame, unless such Agreement or Agreements shall be approved by the Bishop of Lincoln for the Time being, or other Ordinary of the Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction where the said Tythes shall accrue, and by the Patron of the Church or Chapel to which the same shall belong j such Approbation to be testified in Writing.

XCI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Costs, Charges and Expences attending the making and completing of all Commutations or Allotments for Tythes, under the Power and Authority last herein before contained, shall be paid and borne by the Persons desiring the fame, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That once at lead in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from and balanced the Day of pa fling thereof) the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of nually?8'

Money by them received and expended or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act , and such Statement or Account when so made (together with the Vouchers relating the reto) shall be by them laid before Three of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Time being of the said County of Leicester (not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure,) to be by them examined and balanced (such Justices being hereby authorized to take or call for such Advice and Assistance in such Examination as they shall think fit, and to charge the incident Expences); and the Balance shall be by such Justices stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerks to the said Commissioners, and an Abstract of such Accounts shall be transmitted to, and laid before the Justices assembled at the Michaelmas Quarter Sessions in each Year; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Three Justices as aforesaid.

XCIII. And whereas some of the Owners and Proprietors of and Persons For borrow-interested in the said Open Commonable Grounds and Waste Lands hereby m8 Moncf« directed to be inclosed, may have Occasion or be desirous to borrow Money to defray their resptclive Shares and Proportions of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and carrying this Act into Execution; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Proprietors

*572

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

tors and Owners of and all other Persons whomsoever interfiled in such Lands and Grounds, being a Tenant or Tenants fur Life, with or without Impeachment of Waste, Tenant or Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or by~ the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and also to and for the Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, and Committees of any of the said Owners or Proprietors being under Coverture, Minors, Idiots, Lunatics, or beyond the Seas, or labouring under any other Disability whatsoever, and also to 2nd for all Persons acting as Guardians, Trustees or Committees of any Owners or Proprietors being under any Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, whether such Owners or Proprietors respectively be Tenants for Life with or without Impeachment of Waste, Tenants in Fee Tail General or Special, or Tenants by the Courtesy of England, or fur Years determinable on any Life or Lives (other than and except the respective Rectors and Vicars of the said respective Rectories and Vicarages and their Successors, for or in respect of any Allotment made to them as Rectors and Vicars as aforesaid, and other than and except the Surveyors of the Highways of the said respective Parishes, for or in respect of any Allotment or Allotments made to them as Surveyors as aforesaid) by any Deed or Deeds, Writing or Writings, under their respective Hands and Seals, to be duly executed in the Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to charge the Freehold Parr, and by Surrender or Surrenders duly passed according to the Customor Customsof the Manor or Manors whereof the fame is, are, or shall beholden, to charge the Copyhold Part of such Landsand Grounds as shall be allotted to such Owners and Proprietors respectively, with any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five Pounds for each and every Acre thereof, for defraying their respective Proportions of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, and of inclosing and fub-dividing their respective Allotments, as the said Commissioners shall think proper for such Purposes, the same to be paid to such Person or Persons, and applied for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint; and for securing the Repayment of such Sum and Sums of Money, with Intereil for the fame, to grant, mortgage, lease, demise, surrender, or otherwise subject their said respective Allotments, or any Part thereof, unto any Pci ion or Persons who shall advance and lend such Sum or Sums of Money respectively, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, for any Term or Number of Years as to the Freehold Part thereof, and for such Estate, Term, or Interest as to the Copyhold Part thereof, as shall be conformable to the Customsof the respective Manors; fothat every such Grant, Mortgage, Demise, Surrender or Security be made, with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an exprtfs Trull to be surrendered, when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured, and the Intereil thereof, shall be fully paid and fa tit fieri; and so that in every such Grant, Mortgage, Demise, Surrender or Security, which shall be made by any Person or Persons interfiled in or entitled unto the Premises for the Term of their natural Lives only, or by his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, there be contained a Proviso or Covenant that the Owner or Proprietor of the said Premises shall duly pay and keep down the Intereil of any Sum or Sumsof Money to be thereby secured during their respective Lives; and no Person afterwards becoming seised or pcfielfed of the said Premises shall be liable to the Payment of any futther or larger Arrear of Intereil than for One Year preced Mg 4 the

2573

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 133.

the Time that the Title to Inch Puff flion shall have commenced; and every such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, Demise, or Surrender of the said Premises shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law for the Purposes thereby intended.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall r<rforr rethink himself, herlelf, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pur- ^',0 tTe suance of Lhis Act (other than and t-xcepi such Orders and Determinations of (isnn-dQuar-the said Commissioners as are by the said recited Act made in the Forty-'1-1 i‘ci;ur-3-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty or this Act direcded to be final or conclusive, and save and except in such Cases wherein an Issue at Law shall be tried as herein-before directed) then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the said County of Leicester, within S:x Calendar Months next after such Cause of Complaint shall have arisen; and the Justices of the said Quarter Session are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Complaint, and make such Order therein, and to award such Coils as to them shall seem reasonable, and by their Warrant to levy the Coils which shall be so awarded, by Distrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners after deducing the reasonable Charges; which Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and fhtil not he removed by Certiorari, or any Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at V/eJbnirJler or elsewhere.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall prejudice, lessen, or defeat the Right, Title, or Interest of the said George of Majors. Harry Earl of Stamford and Warrington, Francis Row don Hajiings Earl of Moira, William Herrick, Thomas March PbiJlipps, Edward Dawson, William Parkin Bojville, Mary Bosworth, William Hood, jefeph Bcultbeei Thomas Boidtbee, John Boultbee, William Boult bee, Charles Boultlee, Augustus Richard Butler Danvers> and Peter Crompton, or of any other Person or Persons who shall. or may be respectively for the Time being Lord or Lords of any Honor or Honors, Manor or Manors, Lordship or Lordship , Jurffdiction or Jurisdictions, or repined Honor, Manor, Lordship, or Jurisdiction, within the Limits whereof the said Open Commonable Grounds or Waste Lands hereby directed to be inclostd, or any Part thereof respectively are comprized, of, in or to any Seigniories, Royalties,

Fisheries, Free Warrens, Manerial Rights, Ecclesiastical Rights, and other Rights, Customs, and Services incident or belonging to such Honors,

Manors, Lord ships or Jurisdictions, or any of them; but that the said Lords herein-before particularly named, and such other Lord or Lords for the Time being, shall and may at all Times hereafter hold and enjoy the fame, and all Rents and Services, Courts and Vffitations, Perquisites and Profits of Courts and Visitarions, Fines, Free Warrens, Franchises,

Waif*, Estrays, Deodands, Escheats, and all other Royalties, Privileges, Pre-eminences, and Appurtenances to such Honors, Manors, Lordships or Jurisdictions respectively incident, belonging, appending or appertaining (except the Right of the Soil of the said Open Grounds and Waste Lands, and the foreftrial Rightsiover the fame, for which Compen-lation is herein-before directed to be made) in as full, ample, and hereof. & Per.J 28 Z ficial

2574 48‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 133. ficial Manner as they respectively conld or might hava held and enjoyed the lame, in case this Act had not been made. J

General Saving. XCVI. Saving always unto the King’s most H>:celfe»t Majesty, Hi* Heirs and Successors, and to all Bodies Politic and Corporate, and thyir Successors, and to all and every Person and Pci lb ns whomever, his and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and _AHigi>% all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatLever (other than and except such as is and are hereby expressed, meant, and imended- co be barred, destroyed, or extinguished) as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed, in, to, 01 out of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or might or could have held and enjoyed therein, in cale this Act had not been made.

£ab!is Act. XCVIL And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by adjudges, justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 134.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Manors of Kingston-upon-lhamcs, and Imworth, otherwise Imbercourt, in the County of Surrey, and for felling Part of such Lands for the Purpose of providing a Court House and Market Ploufe for the said Town.

[18th ‘June 1808.]

WHEREAS there are certain Commons and Waste Lands within and belonging to the several Manors of Kingston-upon-Thames, and Imworth otherwise Imbercourt, in the Parishes of King/ion-upon-Thames, and Thames Ditton, in the said County of Surrey, containing in the Whole, Onethoufand three hundred Acres or thereabouts, and also certain Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures within the said Manor of Imzvorth otherwise Imbercourt, in the said Parish of Thames Ditton, containing in the Whole Fifty Acres or thereabouts; but the Parts and Proportions of the said Lands belonging to the said several Manors, are unknown, or lie intermixed and open to rach other: And whereas the Bailiffs and Freemen of the Town of King-ston-upon-Thames are Lords of the said Manor of Kingston-upon-Thames, and Robert Taylor Esquire is Lord of the said Manor of Imworth otherwise Imbercourt: And whereas George Hardinge Esquire is the Lay Impropriator of all the Great Tythes arising, renewing, happening, and in-[Lyc. Csf Per.'} 29 A creating

2573

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

-creating within so much of the said Parish of Kingston-upon-Thames ?.s lies within the said Manor of Kingj'ton-upcn-Thames; and the Right Honourable Petpr Lord King is the Lay Impropriator of all the Great Tythes arising within so much of the said Parish of ’Thames Ditton, as lies within the Residue of the said Manor of Kingston-upon-Thames; and the said Robert Taylor, William Spear Esquire, and several other Persons, are or some or one of them is Lay Impropriators of a certain Portion of the Great Tythes arising within so much of the said Parish of Thames Ditton as lies within the Manor of lmworth; And whereas the Right Worshipful Humphrey Sumner Doctor in Divinity, Provost of the King’s College of Blessed Mary and Saint Nicholas in Cambridge, and the Scholars of the fame College, are the Patrons of the Vicarage and Parish Church of the said Parish of Kingston-upon-Thames, and George Savage Clerk is the Vicar thereof, and as 'such is entitled to all the Small Tythes arising within the said Parish of Kingston-upon-Thames; and the said Provost: and Scholars are the Patrons of the perpetual Curacy of the said Parish of Thames Ditton aforesaid, and William Ellis Clerk is the Curate thereof, and as such is entitled to all the Small Tythes arising within the said Parish of Thames Ditton: And whereas the Right Honourable George John Earl Spencer, the said Bailiffs and Freemen, the Right Honourable Henry Fitzgerald, commonly called Lord Henry Fitzgerald, the said Peter Lord King, Robert Taylor, Thomas Evance, John Polhill, Christopher Terry, Thomas Langley, Jonathan Josiah Christopher Watson, and Alexander Brodie Esquires, and I several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of divers Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the Hid several Manors and Parishes, and in respect thereof or otherwise are entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Lands; and the said Lord Henry Fitzgerald and Robert Taylor and John Baker and Joseph Wells, Gentlemen, and several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of the said Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, and Common Pastures, situate within the said Manor of hmvorth otherwise hnbercourt, in the said Parish of Thames Ditton: And whereas an Act was palfed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating into One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fadls ifually required in the passing of such Acts: And whereas the Lands and Grounds of the respective Proprietors in the aforesaid Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and the fame and also the said Commons and Waste Lands in their present State are incapable of much Improvement; and it would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested, if the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures were divided and indofed, and specific Parts allotted to the several Proprietors thereof in Proportion to their respective Property therein, and if the said Commons and Waste Lands were divided and inclosed, and specilic Parts allotted to the several Persons interested therein according to their respective Rights, and if Allotments were made in lieu of the Tythes of the said Commons and Waste Lands in Manner hereinafter mentioned: And whereas the present Court House of the said Town of Kings t on-upon-Thames, in which the Lent Assizes and Michaelmas Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County are holden, is extremely incommodious and much out of Repair, and not fit for the Reception of His Majesty's Judges of Assize, or of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County; and the Market House

in

2579

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 134*

in the said Town is also very ruinous and decayed, as well os much too small for the Purposes for which it was intended; and it would be for the Benefit and Advantage of the said Bailifts and Freemen and of the Inhabitants at large of the said Town of Kingston-upon-Thams, if t ie Allotment and Allotments to be made to the said Bailiffs and Freemen out of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, situate within the said Manor of Kingston-upon - T'homes, were to be foldand disposed of, and the Money thereby arifingor a sufficient Partthereofto be laid outandappropriated for and towards the Purposes of erecting and building a new Court House, with proper Rooms and Conveniencies thereto, and also a new Market House: But as all or any of such several Objects cannot be attained without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That 'Thomas Crawler of Cobham, Commission* and William Neale of Cheam in the said County of Surrey, Gentlemen, and cr£* their Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Lands, and for carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, save and except such Parts of the said recited Act as are hereby varied or altered.

II. And, for the Purpose of settling and determining any Difference or Appointment Dispute that may arise between the said Commissioners, touching or con- of UmP‘rc* cerning any of the Matters and Things to be by them done and performed in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act , be it further enacted.

That they are hereby required, within Fourteen Days after their taking and subscribing the Oath by the said recited Act directed to be by them taken and, subscribed,by Writing under their Hands, tochufe, nominate, and appoint some proper and skilful Person snot interested in any Lands or Hereditaments to be divided and allotted within the said respective Parishes and Manors) who shall be wiliing and consent to act as an Umpire; and in case the said Commissioners shall not within the said Space of Fourteen Days have nominated and appointed such Umpire, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lords of the said several Manors, Lay Impropriators, Vicar and Curate for the Time being, and of the Owners and Proprietors of and Persons interested in the said Open and Common Fields, Meadow's, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, by this Act directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or the major Part of them in Value (such Value to be ascertained by the Land Tax Assessments of the said Manors and Parishes) who shall be present at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose in the Town of Kingston-upon-Thames aforesaid, of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice at the least, and of the Purpose thereof, and of the Time and Place of holding the fame, shall be given by Advertisement with the Name or Names of any One or more of the said Owners or Proprietors or Persons interested as aforesaid thereto, in the Newspaper called the County Chronicle, if then published, and if not then in some oth°r Newspaper circulated in the said County of Surrey, and also by Writing to be affixed on the principal outer Doors of the Parish Church of Kingston aforesaid, by Writing,

6 under

2580

Tot appointing another Per'oi*. in his Room in case of iiis Death-

Meeting to be holden at the Town of Kingston-upon-Thajnes aforesaid, of which Meeting Fourteen Days Notice at the lea ft of the Purpose thereof, and of the Time and Place of holding the fame, shall be given by Advertisement, with the Name or Names of the said Owners and Proprietors, or Persons interested as aforesaid thereto, in the Newspaper called the The County Chronicle, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Surrey, and also by Writing to be affixed on the princ pal outer Doors of the Parish Church of Kingston aforesaid, by Writing under their Hands to nominate and appoint one other Person as Umpire in the Room or Stead of the Person so dying, refusing to act, or becoming incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act: and of this Act: as such Umpire; and lo from Time to Time ks often as any Person lo nominated and appointed an Umpire shall die, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act and of this Act:; and in case any such Umpire shall neglect to settle and determine any such Difference or Dispute within Twenty-one Days after the same shall nave been referred to him by the said Commissioners, such Neglect: shall be deemed and taken to be a Refund to act within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting in the Execution of this Act: as Umpire, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following 5 (that is to say),

‘ I A. B-

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

under their Hnnds, to nominate and appoint such Umpire; and the said Umpire when so nominated and appointed, is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine any Difference or Dispute which may arise between the said Commissioners touching any Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment, and Inclostire; and the Judgement and Determination of the said Umpire therein shall be deemed and considered to be the Judgement and Determination of the said Commissioners, and shall be final and conclusive upon the said Commissioners, and upon all other Persons concerned in the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, so far as the Judgement and Determination of the said Commissioners are by the said recited Act and this Act made final and conclusive: Provided always, that in case the Person so to be nominated and appointed by virtue of this Act Umpire as aforesaid, shall die or refuse to act or become incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act: or this Act: as such Umpire, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, within Fourteen Days after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity cf such Umpire, from Time to Time to nominate and appoint another Person as such Umpire in the Room or Stead of the Person so dying, refusing to act, or becoming incapable to act: as such Umpire in the Execution of the said recited Act: and this Act:; and in case the said Commissioners shall not within the said Space of Fourteen Days have nominated and appointed such Umpire as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful ro and for the Lords of the said several Manors, Lay Impropriators, Vicar, and Curate for the Time being, and of the Owners and Proprietors of and Persons interested in the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, by this Act: directed to he divided, allotted, and inclosed, or the major Part of them in Value (such Value to be ascertained by the Land Tax Assessment of the said Manors and Parishes) who shall be present at a

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 134. 258

I A.B. do swear, that I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, ac- 0atIl«

-* cording to the bell of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform 6 the Trust. Power, and Authority reposed in me as Umpire, by virtue ‘ of an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George

the Third, intituled, An Act there Insert the Title of this Act.']

So help me GOD.

Which Oath it shall be lawful to and for either of the said Commissioners to administer (who is and are hereby required to administer the same); and such Oath when so taken and subscribed by such Umpire, shall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of the said Commimonerr.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Thomas Craivter, or any Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after is men- mifl,oners. tioned, shall cie, refute to ad, or be incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Lords of the several Manors aforesaid, together with the Lay Impropriators, Patrons, Vicar, and Curate for the Time being of the aforesaid several Parishes, or the major Part of them, within One Calendar Month next alter such Death, Refusal, or Disability, shall be signified by the remaining Commissioner to such Lords of Manors,

Lay Impropriators, Patrons, Vicar, and Curate respectively, by Notice in Writing given to them or left at their Taft or usual Place of Abode, from Time to Time to elect and appoint a new Commissioner in the Stead of such Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable of acting in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act; and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner to be nominated or appointed by such Lords of Manors, Lay Impropriators, Patrons, Vicar, and Curate, shall die, refuse, or become incapable to ad in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act; and in case the said William Neal, or any Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead as herein-after mentioned, shall die, refuse, or become incapable to ad in the Execution of the said re-.cited Ad and this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the major Part in Value (such Value to be ascertained by the Land Tax Assessments), of the Proprietors of or Persons interested in the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, Commons, and Waste Lands so oireded to be divided, and inclosed as aforesaid (other than and except the Lords of the aforesaid Manors, and the said Lay Impropriators, Vicar, Patrons, and Curate for the Time being) who shall be present at a Meeting to be holdenfor itiat Purpose in the Town of King-fion-upon-Thames aforesaid, within One Calendar Month next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity shall be signified by the remaining Commissioner, from Time to Time to elect and appoint a new Commissioner in the Stead of such Commisslomr so dyin^, refusing, or becoming incapable to ad; of which last-mentioned Death, Refusal, or Incapacity, Notice shall be affixed upon the mod publick Doors of the Parish Churches , of Kingsto/i-upon-Thames and Thames Ditton, upon some Sunday at lead Ten Days before such Meeting; and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner so to be elected by such Owners and Proprietors and Persons interested as aforesaid, shall die, refuse, or become incapable to ad in the Exec ution of the said recited Act and this Act; and every such Eie&ion and Appointment of a new Commissioner shall be reduced into ’ Writing, and signed by the Persons making such Election and Appoint-[Loc. d? Per.] 29 B ment.

2582

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

tiient, and shall be delivered to the remaining Commissioner; and in case the said respective Parties or any of them shall make Default in appointing any such new Commissioner as aforesaid, then the remaining Commissioner shall and he is hereby required from Time to Time by Writing under his Hand, within Fourieen Days after the Expiration of the Time allowed to the respective Parties for naming such new Cunmissioner, to appoint another Commissioner in the Place of such Commissioner so dying, refusing to act* or becoming incapacitated; and every such Commissioner so to be appointed shall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this Act into Execution in all Respects as the Commissioner in whose Place he had been appointed had been inverted with.

OeTk and And ^urc^er enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have

surveyor. Power and they are hereby authorized to appoint fotne fit and proper Person to be their Surveyor, and also some fit and proper Person to be their Clerk, to assist them in carrying this Act into Execution j and such Surveyor and Clerk from Time to Time to remove* and nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person or Persons to succeed him or them so removed in such Office, as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet, and to pay and allow to such Surveyor and Clerk respectively such Sum and Sums of Money for their and each of their Attendances, Trouble, and Expences, as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet.

ZUowance to Commisnon-

VI. And be it further enacted, That out of the Money which shall be raised for defraying the Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, each of the said Commissioners and the said Umpire, who shall be appointed in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities hereby and by the said recited Act verted in them, shall be paid for each and every Day he shall be employed in any Business relative to the Execution of this Act, or of the Powers hereby verted in him, the Sum of Three Pounds Three Shillings and no more, in full Satisfaction and Discharge for his Time and Trouble, and for the several Expences that he shall be put unto during his several Attendances in the Execution of this Act: Provided always, that the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Ext pences when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners or Umpire at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause Notice to be given in the Parish Church of Kingston aforesaid, on some Sunday during or immediately after Divine Service, or by Writing to be affixed on One of the principal outer Doors of the said Church, and also by Advertisemer.t to be inserted in the Newspaper called The County Chronicle, or in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Surrey, of the Time and Place of their First and every subsequent Meeting for executing the Powers hereby verted ifi them, at least Ten Days before such Meeting shall be holden (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted) and the said Commissioners shall and may adjourn any such Meeting from Time to Time for the further Execution of this Act; and in case both the said Commissioners shall not be present at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting, or to which any Meeting shall be adjourned, it shall be lawful for the Commissioner present at such Time and Place, or for the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, in case neither of the said Commissioners shall be present at such Time and Place,

t Q

2583

4.8"' GEORGII III. Cup. 134.

so adjourn the said Meeting lo be held on any future Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days from the Dav of Adjournment, at the fame or any other Place; and the said Commissioner or Clrrk making such Adjournment, is hereby required to give Notice thereof to the absent Commissioners:

Provided always, that all Meetings of the said Commissioners for the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, shall be holden within the said respective Parishes of Kingston-irpon-Thames and ‘Thames Dittany or within Eight Miles of the Boundaries thereof reipeflively.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other No- Other Notice* tices necessary or requisite to be given by the said Commissioners in pur- h?wt°be fuance of this Act or of the said recited Act, shall be given by Adver- £IVC' tisements to be inserted in the said Newspaper called The County Chreniclty or in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Surrey.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which shall have been made upon the said several Commons and W*fte Lands within the Space of Twenty and exceeding the Space of Five Years next be. fore the passing of this Act, without any legal Grant or Authority for that Purpose, shall be deemed Part of the Commons and Waste Lands to be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act, and the same shall be divided and inclosed accordingly; provided nevertheless, that all and every such Encroachments shall be allotted to the Person or Persons who shall at the Time of making the said Allotments be in the Poss-fiion of such Encroachments, or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof, as the Whole or Part of the Share or Portion of the said Commons and Waste Lands to which such Person or Persons will be entitled by virtue of this Act, without confioering the Value of any Erections thereon of Improvements made therero; and if such Person or Persons shall not be entitled to any Allotments under this Inclosure equal to the Value of such. Encroachments, but shall be willing to purchase the fame, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall ascertain the Price thereof or of such Part then of as shall exceed the Rights of such Possessoror Pofiessors thereof, in respect of any other Property as aforesaid; and in ascertaining of such Price, the said Commissioners shall not value the Buildings or other Improvements thereon, but shall value the Land only, and that at so much Money p,:r Acre as the same shall in their Estimation be worth, having Reference to the Wade next adjoining; and upon such Person or Persons paying such Price per Acre to the said Commissioners at such Time or Times as they shall for that Purpose appoint, and taking their Receipt or Receipts for the fame, every such Encroachment or such Part thereof as shall be so purchased, and also all Buildings and Improvements thereon, shall thereupon become by virtue of this Atft veiled in such Purchaser or Purchasers, and his and their respective Heirs and Assigns, in Fee Simple, without any further or other Conveyance, Assurance, Instrument or Writing whatsoever; and the said Commissioners shall apply such Purchase Monies in defraying the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution; and in case there shall be any Surplus of such Monies after defraying such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, then and in such Case such Surplus Money shall be divided and apportioned between the several Proprietors and Persons interested in the Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, in such Shares as shall be in Proportion to such their respective Property and Interests; and the Shares of such of 3 them

Encroachment* which have b;cr, matfe within

Time to be deemed Part oi 1 lie Com-

2584

Encroach-

Commission.

Cotnnvfiioners not to dc-

Title"

Tower to assess Colts.

48° GEORGII III. Cab. 134.

them as shall be Tenants thereof in Fee Simple, shall be paid to them t<£* Jpedively; and the Shares of such other Proprietors or Persons of and in such Surplus Money, shall be applied and disposed of in Manner directed by the said recited Act in those Cafes wherein any Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon; and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses: Provided always, that all Err-croachmems made upon the said Commons, and Waste Lands within the Space of Five Years immediately preceding the passing of this Act, shall be thrown open, without any Recompence whatsoever to be made to the Possessor or Possessors thereof for or in respect of the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in any of the Lands,' Tenements, or hereditaments to be affected by this Act, touching or concerning the respective Rights and Jr.terefts which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in the fame, or touching or concerning any Allotment or Compensation to be made in lieu thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the Division and Allotments hereby directed to be made, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they sre hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the Paid Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever; and provided also, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Comm IB oners to divide, allot, or inclose, or other wise intermeddle with a certain Piece or Parcel of Common and Waste Land, containing Thirty Acres or thereabouts, lying within the said Parish of Thames Dilton, on the South Side of a certain Stream crofiing a Part of the said Commons called Ditton Marsh, and which said Piece or Parcel of Land is claimed by the said Peter Lord King, as Part of the Commons 2nd Waste Lands belonging to his Lordship’s iVla-nor of Clay gate-.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections to be delivered to them in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the Commissioners shall be made, by any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or C ollegiate, whole Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby difatlowed or over-ruled; and in Case the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs or Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons,

2585

4$" GEORGII III. Cap. 1.34,

Tons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, To neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Co;porate or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Ditlrefs and Sale.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Per- part'es difson or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, inte- ^tisfied with reded or claiming to be inte reded in the said intended Division and Ah tion oi c"m. lotments, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners, missioners or Umpire, touching cr concerning any Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Open and Common Fields, Common Mea- Law. dows, Padures, and Waste Grounds, or of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Intereds in, over, and upon the fame or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners or Umpire, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County of Surrey; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned I due against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, shall, and he, she, and they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attoinies, who shall appear rhereto and file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby insisted on, may be tried and determined (such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Veraids which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, aDd conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever. Body and Bodies Politick,

Corporate or Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be held ttierein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cafes; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained and not let aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to ad in Conformity thereto, and allow or difollow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Evenc of such Trial or Trials.

XI!I. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Deterini- Determ'na. nation of the said Commissioners or Umpire, touching such Claim or Claims ro the Right to the Soil of the said Open and Common Fields, which noo-,* Common Meadows, Failures, and VVafle Grounds, and other Rights and ie<ft,on ^bll Iuterefh in, over, and upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be to be final, divided and allotted, which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objedingan.:not causing such Action atLawtobebrought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no such Diffe*-ence. Suit or Proceeding as aforesaid, nor any Difference, Dispute, or Execution of [Lee. & Per.] 29 C Proceeding \^e^ers ot

2586 48° GEORGII III. Gap. 134.

Proceeding touching the Title to any Lands, Tenementg, or Hereditaments, shall impede or delay the said Commissioners in the Execution of this At>, but the Division and Inclosure hereby directed to be made, shall be proceeded in notwithstanding any such Difference, Suit, or Proceeding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties, Plaintiff or Defendants in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by Reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

Deaths of par

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person

ties before or Persons in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have Attions been made, and against whom any such Action or Actions might have fame tobe e been brought, if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have carried on been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited fnfheii-611 Cd bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Names. Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, who might have brought tuch Action or Actions against: the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the fame within the Time so limited as aforesaid against: such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk to the said Commissioners with Process for commencing such Action or Actions in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appearand defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living; and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

Death of Parties not to stay Proceedings at Law.

In cases of

Persons in

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this PoiTiflion not Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioners to determine without°duced any R-'ght between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any such eourfeof Parties, except in Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of taw. Twenty Years; but in case the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion

again!! the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession shall have been given up by or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejefimenc or other due Course of I.aw.

Power to turn

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall RoLj°P an<* may turn or a*,ate aac* tt°P up, or cause or order to be turned or

0 ' abated.and Hopped up any ancient Carriage Road or Way, Roads or Ways,

or any ancient footway or Path, Footways or Paths, in, through, upon, or over any of the Lands or Grounds within the said respective Manors of Kingsten-upm-Thames, and Imworth otherwise Imbercottrt, where they shall judge it requifue or expedient, giving such Notice of a Day to be appointed by them to receive Objections thereto, as in the said recited Act is directed and requited in the Cafe of the letting out the Roads and Ways therein mentioned, and observing the Directions of the said recited Act as to the obtaining the Concurrence and Order of Two Justices of the Peace previous thereto, and subject to an Appeal to the Quarter Sessions, in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as in the said recited Act are mentioned; and the said Commissioners shall and may in and by their 8 Award

2587

4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

Award order and appoint the Grass and Herbage growing and renewing on and upon all and every the publick and private Roads to be set out and ascertained by them by virtue of this and the said recited Act, to be and for ever thereafter remain to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, as they the said Commissioners shall in their Opinion think best entitled to the same.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Lands tobe may, and they are hereby authorized and required, after setting out the in^Expe^ceV several Roads and Ways in Manner by the said recited Act directed, and after making the said several Allotments herein-after mentioned, to the Surveyors of Parishes, the Tythe Allotments and Manorial Allotments, in the next Place to proceed to mark and set out such Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as will by the Sale thereof, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, raise Money fuSicient to defray and discharge all the Colls, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, so far as relates to the Inclosure of the said Lands and Grounds, and of preparing and depositing the said Award and the Copies thereof, and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the said Commons and Waste Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue thereof, and all the Charges of the said Commissioners, their Assistants and Servants, and all other the necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners in and about the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and all che Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said Commissioners in, over, or upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and of ring-fencing the Allotments to the said Impropriators, Vicar, and Curate; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to fell the Lands and Grounds so marked and set out, in such Allotment or Allotments so as to them (h.di seem right and proper, to any Person or Persons for the befl Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, by private Contract or by publick Auction or Auctions to be holden for that Purpose, of which Auction or Auctions respectively Three Weeks previous Notice4ha.ll be given j and the Person or Persons so purchasing the fame by private Contract, or at such publick Auction, shall immediately pay (by Way of Deposit) into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or Inch Person or Persons as they firall direct and appoint, One-fifth Part of his, her, or their Purchase Money, and pay the Remainder thereof within Six Calendar Months next after the said Sale, or at such other Time as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and in Default thereof the Money so deposited shall be forfeited, and shall be applied in carrying this Act into Execution; and the Allotment or Allotments for which the Whole of such Purchase Money shall not have been so paid, or for which there shall be no Bidding at such Auction, shall be again put up to Sale and sold by publick Auction in Manner aforesaid, for the bed Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, or be sold by the said Commissioners by private Contraft for any Sum or Sums not less than the remaining Nine-tenths of the Price or respective Prices for which the fame was or were respectively before fold, or the Amount of One Bidding above the Sum or respective Sums at which the fame was or were respectively put up in the said former Auction; and every Allotment (or which the full Purchase Money

shall

2588

4?° GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

shall be paid, shall immediately thereupon be absolutely discharged of and from all Common and other Rights thereon or therein, and be verted in Fee Simple in and be inclosed and thenceforth held in Severalty by such Purchaser or Parchafers thereof respectively, as his, her, or their private and absolute Property, and shall be allotted accordingly by the said Com-iniflioneis, and the Purchase Money shall be applied by the said Commissioners in defraying such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid.

of*Surplus

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case such Part or Parts of Money. the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be sold as herein-before mentioned, shall be sold for more Money than will be required to defray such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, then and in such Case such Surplus Money shall be divided and apportioned between the several Proprietors and Persons interested in the Lands hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, in such Shares as shall be in Proportion to such their respective Property and Interests, and the Shares of such of them as shall be Tenants thereof in Fee Simple shall be paid to them respectively; and the Shares of such other Proprietors or Persons of and in such Surplus Money, shall be applied and disposed of in Manner directed by the said recited Act in those Cafes wherein any Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.,

Defraying

of Money raiftd by Sale

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences (in case the Money raised by the Sale of the Lands herein directed to be sold shall be infuflicient to defray the lame) of iurveying. planning, valuing, dividing, and a lotting the Lands and Grounds which lhaJi by virtue of this r\d be allotted to the I ordsof the said Manors, and Proprietors of the L^nds, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the same, and the Costs, Charge', and Expends incident to and attending the obtaining this Act, and of fencing the several Tythe Allotments, and of preparing, copying, and depositing, the Award of the said Commissioners, and all the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, their Clerks, Assistants, and Servants, and all other recefiary Expences of the fevaral Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners in and about the Pre-raises, either before or after the Execution of the said A warn; and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to beset out and appointed by the said Commissioners, and all other Expences of carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, shall be borne and defrayed by the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act slave and except the several Allotments of the said Lay Impropriators, Vicar and Curate for the Time being, in respect of any Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to them respectively in respect of their said Tythes); which said Costs, Charges, and Expences, together with the Proportions thereof to be paid by the several Persons hereby made liable to the Payment thereof, shall be settled and aajuiled by the said Commissioners, and shall be paid at such Time and Place and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint, either before or after the Execution of their said Award; and in case any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall refuse or neglect to pay

48° GEORGII III. Cup, 134* ^5^9

pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion of such Cods, Charges, and Expences, according to such Direction or Appointment as aforesaid, then and in such Case the same shall and may be recovered in Manner directed by the said recited Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Persons shall advance Money ad-and pay any Money in Discharge of the Expences of obtaining and exe- J^"a«?whh cuting this Act, the Money so paid and advanced shall be repaid and far if- interest.

tied by the Direction of the said Commissioners, together with lawful Interest for the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotments and they are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and award Grlvci°r8 unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the said respective Parishes Pits.

of Kingston-upon-Thames and Thames Ditton, for the Time being, such Part and Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands within the said respective Parishes and M-nors hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as the said Commissioners shall think proper and necessary, for public Pits for getting Gravel and other Materials for making and repairing the present Roads or Ways, or any Roads or Ways within the said respective Parishes, to be made by virtue of this Act or of the said recited Act; and such said f-veral Allotments and Pa ts of Land, when so allotted, set out, and awarded, shall be 'vested in the respective Surveyors of the Highways of the said several Parishes of Kingsion-upon-Thames,^nd Thames D/tf&i, for the Time being, in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as the said Commissioners shall in and by their Award d!rect and appoint.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall p^he19 and they are hereby authorized and required to set out, div de, allot, and owneis, vl* award into, for, and amongst the said respective Impropriators, Vicar, and cars» Curate, according to their several and respective Rights and Interests in

and over the said Commons and Waste Lands (and distinguishing and fe-pararing by their said Award each of the said Allotments so to be made to the said several Impropriators from the other of them, and each of the said Allotments so to be made to the said Vicar and Curate from the other of them) for and in lieu of and as a full Compensation for all their re-speitive Tythes both Great and Small, and all Modules, Compositions, or Dues and Payments whatsoever (except Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and Surplus Fees) growing, arising, accruing, issuing, or payable in, out of, from, and upon the said Commons and Waste L ands hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, such several Plots, Parcels, and Allotments of the fame Commons and Waste Lands in the said respective Manors and Parishes, as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissiort-ers be equal in Value to one full Ninth Part of the said Commons and Waste Lands in the said respective Parishes and Manors which shall remain after the several publick and private Roads to be set out in pursuance of this or of the said recited Act shall be deduded therefrom.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds so af- A1,0{mens* signed and allotted to such Lay Impropriators, Vicar and Curate respect Tythes"© b-tively, as a Satisfaction and Compensation for all the Tythes both' Great h-h' tuhjett' and Small arising, growing, renewing, happening, and payable respectively ui^&T'a't

[Loc. d? Per*] 29 D to the Tythe*.

*59° 48‘ GEORGII III. Cup. 134.

to him, her, or them, out of the said Commons and Waste Lands, and all Modules, Compositions, and other Payments in lieu thereof, shall stand limited,settled, and allured to, for, and upon such and the fame Estates, Uses, irufts, Intents, and Purposes, as such Tythes, Modules, Compositions, and other Payments respectively shall stand limited and be subject and liable to at the Time of making such Allotments respectively.

ment'of*

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That immediately after the said Com-

T/tiies. missioners shall have set out the several and respective Allotments herein-

before directed to be made to the said Impropriators, Vicar, and Curate, in lieu of and as a Compensation for their several and respective Rights of Tythes aforesaid, and shall have given Notice thereof in Writing under their Hands, to be affixed on the respective Doors of the several Parish Churches of Kingston-upon-Thames and Thames Ditton aforesaid, all Tythes both Great and Small arising, growing, renewing, increasing, happening, or payable in, out of, from, or upon the said Commons and Waste Lands to be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act, and all Modules, Compensations, or other Payments in lieu of Tythes, and all other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments whatsoever (except Easter Offerings, Mortuaries, and Surplus Fees) shall cease and be for ever extinguished.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to alter, vary, prejudice, lessen, or in any ways affect the Right of any Person or Persons to any Tythes Great or Small of any Kind or Description whatsoever, or to any Modules, Compositions, or other Payments in lieu of Tythes, or any other Ecclesiastical Dues or Payments whatsoever, in respect of the Lands and Grounds now inclosed in the said respective Parishes and Manors, or any of them, or in respect of the said Common Fields, Meadows, and Failures, to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, or any other Lands, Grounds, or Tenements, save and except the said Commons and Waste Lands so to be inclosed by virtue of this Act.

Allotments

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall. Majors* °* and they are hereby required in the next Place to set out, allot, and award unto the said Bailiffs and Freemen, Lords of the said Manor of Kingston-upon-Thames, and to the said Robert Taylor, Lord of the said Manor of Imworth otherwise Ifnbercourt, in respect of their said respective Manors within the said Parishes of Kingston-upon-Thames and Thames Ditton^ One-sixteenth Part of all the Commons and Waste Lands lying within the said respective Manors and Parishes, to be separated and divided amongst the said Lords of the said several Manors, in Proportion to the Quantity and Quality of the Waste Lands belonging to each of their said Manors, lying within the said Parishes, in lieu of the Rights of the Lords of the said Manors in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands respectively.

Not to affect Tythes of old Inclosures, Common &c.

ThjsAct not

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein the Manor° contained shall authorize or empower the said Commissioners to divide, of Coambc. allot, or inclose, or otherwise intermeddle with all or any Part of the Commons and Waste Lands (if any such there be) situate and being within the Manor cf Coombe, otherwise Coombe Neville, in the said Parish of

Kingston-

2S9I

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

Kingston-upon-Thames, and which Manor belongs to the said George John Earl Spend#.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein This Act not contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorise or em- JJe Manor of power the said Commissioners to divide, allot, or inclose, or otherwise in- Weiton. termeddle with any Commonable or Waste Lands or Grounds situate

within the Manor of Weston, in the said Parish of 'Thames Ditton, but that the said Lands and Grounds shall be exempted from the Powers and Provisions of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall c-m-niflion. not inclose or intermeddle with a certain Piece or Parcel of the said Com- Gig°»m* mons and Waste Lands situate within the said Manor of Kingston-upon- Hill.

Thames, called Gig's Hill; and containing Three Acres or thereabouts, bounded on One Side by the London and Portsmouth Road, and the Road

leading to Thames Ditton, and by certain Cottages, the Property of the late Sir Richard Sullivan Baronet.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall Allotment* divide, set out, and allot all the Residue and Remainder of the said Com- tcProPlietor,< mons and Waste Lands in the said respective Parishes and Manors hereby intended to be divided and allotted as aforesaid, unto and among!! the several Proprietors of and Persons interested in the Messuages, Cottages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the said respective Parishes and Manors, in such Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, and in such Manner as by the said Commissioners shall be adjudged and determined to be a just and full Compensation and Satisfaction for and equal to their several and respective Rights and Interests of, in, and over the said Commons and Waste Lands, in respect of their several and respective Messuages,

Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Plots and Parcels of Waste Grounds so to be set out and allotted by virtue of this Act, as a Satisfaction and Compensation for Great and Small Tythes, shall be inclosed and fenced on the ou'ward Boundaries thereof; and (until the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners) such Fences shall be maintained, supported, and preserved in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall order and direct, by and out of the Money arising from the Sale of the Lands and Tenements herein directed to be sold for the Purposes of this Act as aforesaid, or by and out of the Rate or Rates herein-before directed to be made; and the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award order and appoint to whom the said several Fences shall belong, after the same shall have been properly made; and the said several Fences shall for ever thereafter be secured, kept in Repair, maintained, and supported by and at the Expence of the Person and Persons to whom the same shall be so awarded to belong.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all such Lands and Grounds Tenure of as shall by Authority and in pursuance of this Act be allotted to any of Allotment*' the said Proprietors, shall be held by such Proprietors respectively under

the fame Tenures, Rents, Culloms, and Services, as the Lands or other Property in respect of which such Allotments shall be made were respect

AUotmenft to Impropriator^ Rector, and Vicar, to be fenced at t‘ c 6«eral Expence.

*klt 4S’ GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

lively hel<4. and enjoyed; and the several Lands and . Grounds-’which in the said Award shall be distinguished to have been allotted in li$i ot Freehold Lands or other Property, shall from the making and xecu-dng thereof be deemed Freehold Lands, and shall from thenceforth be held of the Lord of the Fee under the fame Rents and by the fame Services as the Freehold Lands or other Property in lieu of which they were allotted were before that Time held; and the several Lands and Grounds which shall be therein distinguished to have been allotted in lieu of Copyhold Lands or other Property, shall in like Manner be deemed Copyhold or Customary Lands, and shall be held of the Lord of the Fee thereof under the f.me Rents, and by the fame Customs, Duties, and Services, as the Copyhold Lands or other Property in lieu of which they were fa allotted were or ought to have been held, and (h.il.l pass by the like Surrenders as the present Copyhold Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Allotment shall be made, are now holden under or liable to; and the Lands and Grounds which shall be therein distingu (hed to have been allotted in lieu of Ltafehold Lands or other Leasehold Property, shall be in like Manner deemed Lease-hold, and shall be held under the fame Rents as the Lands or other Property in lieu whereof they were so respectively allotted were held; and the Reversion thereof shall be vested in the fame Lessors respectively as the Reversion of such other Lands and Property were veiled before the making this Act, any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Ai!otrr?fnt^to

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That wherever any Lands, Tene-rhofc in re!1 ments, or Hereditaments shall be in Lease or under an Agreement fora spect of which Lease, the Allotments which shall be made by virtue of this Act for or in IST* respect of the Premises comprised in every such Lease or Agreement, shall be held by every such Lefiee during the Remainder of his Term if he thftiks proper; and then and in that Cafe the said Commissioners shall fix the Amount of the additional Ren: to be paid by such Lefiee in Consideration of the Improvement by the Inclosure, and of the Expence the Landlord will incur in the inclosing and fencing of the Allotments.

if the Inclosure should be found detri-

ompensation

XXXVI. And whereas Joseph Goddard Gentleman, is Lefiee of the Rec-SSSr^S. torial Tythes of the said Parish of Kingston-upon-Thames, including the dani, as LeiTee Tythe of Wool and Lamb, and also of certain Lands in the said Parish nai Tyihe'°' Kings ton-upon-Thames, under a certain Lease from the said George Har-

" 1 ’ dirige; for the Term cf Twenty-one Years from Michaelmas One thousand eight hundred and five, determinable at the End of the first Seven or Fourteen Years of the said Term, at the Option of the said Lefiee; be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to inquire what (if any) Detriment or Loss is likely to accrue to the said Joseph Goddard, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, by or from the Inclosure of the said Commons and Waste Lands; and that such Commissioners shall, out of the said Allotment or Allotments to the said George Hardinge in lieu cf Tythes, order and award such Compenfadon to the said Joseph Goddardy his Eixecutors, Administrators, and Assigns, and in such Manner as they shall think fie in respect of such Loss and Detriment (if any).

4'8° GEORGII III. Cap.tu- 2593

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for ary Person or Persons interested in the said Inclosures, at any Time before the hetors Exe. Execution of the said Award, to sell and dispose of such Estate,.Rights, ^com-Titie, and Property which he or they shall have in, to, or upon the said missioners to Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, or in or to any Allotment to be made in respect of any Common Right or other Interest therein respectively by virtue of this Act, and to convey the same to the Purchaser or Purchasers by Deed or otherwise, according to the Tenure of the Estateor Interest in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made, separate from the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in right whereof he or they is, are, or shall be so entitled, subject nevertheless to all Settlements, Mortgages, and Incumbrances affecting such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; and every such Sale, being specified and set forth in the said Award, shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the said Commissioners shall award such Allotments to the Purchasers thereof accordingly.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to divide, set out, and allot a,u] comm<n»; the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures within the said *s,£CIeA" Manor of Imworth otherwise Imbercourt, in the said Parish of Thames Lit- ows* c‘

Ion, unto and amongst the several Proprietors thereof equally and indifferently, so that each and every of them may have and hold a just, equal, and proportionate Part and Share, entire and lying together as near as Circumstances will admit, of the said Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, raieably and proportionably according to the Quantities, Qualities, and Situations of the Lands there which they the said Owners and Proprietors now respectively hold and enjoy; and the said Commissioners shall also mark out the several Allotments of the said Fields, Meadows, and Pastures by proper Metes, Bounds, or Landmarks, and shall also direct the said Fields, Meadows, and Pastures to be flocked by the Owners thereof with Cattle, of such Sort, in such Numbers, at such Times, and for such Seasons, and subject to such other Regulations as to the future Enjoyment thereof, and under such Penalties, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, lor any one Offence, as the said Commissioners shall in their Judgement think proper and by their Award order and direct; but that all other Common Rights in and upon the said Fields, Meadows, and Pastures, shall thereafter be extinguifned.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leases at Leases or Agreements for a Lease or Leases for the letting or holding at Swthliffh* Rack Rent of all or any Part or Parts of the said Open Common Fields, Manor of im-Common Meadows, and Common Pastures within the said Manor of Im- wo,tJ f ir worth, otherwise Imbercourt, in the said Parish of Thames Litton, hereby Common* intended to be divided and allotted or inclosed, either alone or together ^catedtf *>* with any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditament1, shall imme- cefiLy. nC" diately upon such Allotments and Divisions being made, and such Award or Instrument being executed, or within such other Time as the said Commissioners shall by such their Award or Instrument or any other Writing direct or appoint, cease, determine* and be void; but at the same Time so far only as may be necessary to enable the said Commissioners to carry this Act into Execution, the fcespective Owners and Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, and Heredi-[Le£ Per.~\ 29 E menes

*£94 +8fGE'0RGII III. Cap. 134.

ments so in Lease as aforesaid, making such reasonable Satisfaction to th^ Leffec or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, as the said Commissioners shall dire^ or appoint on account thereof or as an Equivalent for the fame* Provided always, that in case it shall appear to the said Commi(ficw*el« more equitable that the Land to be allotted in Right of any Estate held under or by virtue of any such Lease or Leases. Agreement or Agreements as herein-before mentioned, shall be held by the Tenant or Tenants, Lefiee or Lessees of any such Estates, during his, her, or their Term or Interest therein, then and so often it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to assign and allot the fame unto such Tenant or Tenants, Lessee ot Lessees accordingly, and to fix and settle what additional Rent or Deduction from Rent shall be hereafter paid by or allowed to him, her, or them, unto or from the Person or Persons entitled to the Reversion thereof, for or in respect of the Expences which such Person or Persons shall sustain in the fencing or other necessary Improvements of the said Lands so to be allotted as aforesaid.

erTto make

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and

Drain*. may scour out and widen or cause to be scoured out and widened all such ahcientBrooks, Di relies. Drains and Watercourses, Tunnelsand Bridges within the said several Manors in the said several Parishes or either of them, and also shall and may make, set out, and appoint such new Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Gates, Banks, and Bridges, as well in, through, and over the Lan^s and Grounds hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as also in, over, and through any ancient inclosures within the said Manors and Parishes respectively, making* such Satisfaction to the Proprietors of such ancient inclosures for the Damage done thereby, as they shall think reasonable, and of such Depth and Breadth, and in such Directions as the said Commissioners shall think proper; and the said Commissioners shall and may and they are hereby directed and required in and by their Award to order and direct by whom and ac whose Expence, and arwhat Time and in what Manner the said Brooks, Ditches, Drains, Watercourses, Tunnels, Gates, Banks, and Bridges, shall be made, and afterwards cleaned, scoured, repaired, and maintained: Provided always* that no such Streams or Brook shall be diverted or turned without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners of the Lands and Grounds from which any such Stream or Brook shall be diverted, or into \vhldh any such Stream or Brook shall be turned. 3

Wills end Settlements not to be af iected.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debt, or Incumbrance out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments to be divided, allotted, or exchanged by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, or any Part thereof, but that each and every Proprietor shall stand and be seised of the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to be allotted to or exchanged with him or her as aforesaid, to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Ef-tates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, and Charges, and no other, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whereof such Proprietor was seised or possessed at or immediately before the Execution

2 Of

*5 95

4S? GEORGII III. Cap. xii,.

of the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, or for which or in tefpeft whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have b<en subject to be charged with or affefttd by in case this Act had not >beeft made.

XLII. And whereas it will tend greatly to the Improvement of the said Common5 or Waste Lands intended to be inclosed by virtue of this Act, to grant if any Person or Persons to whom the same shall be allotted, who shall happen to be Tenant ior Tenants for Life only of the Lands or Estates in and watu respect of which such Allotments are to be made, were enabled to make Lands, proper Leases of all or any Part of such Commons and Waft Lands which shall be’ allotted to him, her, or them respectively; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for such of the said Proprietors ufho are Tenants for Life, or for Years determinable on One or more Life or Lives, to grant any Lease or Leases to any Person or Persons whom soever, of the said Commons and Waste Lands so to be allotted to them, or any Part or Parts thereof, with the Appurtenances, so that the Consent of the Lord of the Manor of any Copyhold Lands be first had and obtained by Licence or otherwise, according to the Custom thereof, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years, to be computed from the Date of the Award of the said Commissioners, and so that the fame do commence in Possession and not in Reversion, and so that upon every such Lease or Leases there be reserved and made payable during the Continuance thereof respectively, the best or most improved Yearly Rent or Rents or other Considerations that can be reasonably had and obtained for the fame, without taking any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Fine or foregift» for.or in.respect of such Lease or Leases; and so that no Leftee or LeflVes have thereby Power to commit Waste, and so that in every such Lease or LeafeS there be contained a Clause of Re entry on Non-payment of the Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved, and so that such Rent or Rents to be thereby reserved be made payable to the Person or Persons granting such Lease or Leases, and the several other Persons who in Succession may be entitled to the fame Hereditaments, Lands, and Premises, and so that the Lessee or Lessees do at the same Time:execute a Counterpart or Counterparts of such Lease or Leases.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That once at least in each and every Comm’flon-Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from eiBtolay the Day of passing thereof) the said Commissioners shall and they are here- fore Two J^lf-by required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums tice»onceiu of Money by them received and expended or due to them for their own every Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, '

shall be by them laid before Two or more Justices of the Peace for the Lid County of Surrey (not interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure) to be by them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justices stated in the Book or Books of Accounts rt> be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Commissionei s.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That no Charge or Item in such No Account shall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in Law, \inless valid unlfft the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justices. ,

2 59

Pa'*liffs and Tell i; audit

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by* the said Commissioners, when enrolled in Manner directed by the said recited Act, shall be deppjited in the Parish Church of Kings to n-up^n-Thamss afare-said, or in such other Place as the said Commissioners shall appoint within the said Parishes of Kingstcn-upon-Thames, or "Thames Ditton,

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That k shall and may Be lawful to and for the said Bailiffs and Freemen of the Town of Kingston - upon Thames, and their Successors for the Time being, and they are hereby empowered to sell and dispose of the Allotment and Allotments to be vested in them, as aforesaid by virtue of this Act, either as Lords of the said Manor of Kings ton-upon-Thames or as the Owners and Proprietors in their corporate Capacity, of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments lying within the Lits Manor, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and of the Fee Simple thereof, as to them shall seem right and proper, free from all Incumbrances whatsoever affecting the fame, or affecting the Manor, Lands, 2nd Hereditaments in Right of which the fame Lands and Grounds shall be so awarded, by public Auction or private Coatraft, unto any Person or Persons who shall be willing to become the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, for such Price or Prices as can most reasonably be obtained or gotten for the fame; and upon Payment of the Monies for which such Lands and Grounds shall be fold, shall and do convey and assure the fame unto and to the Use of such Purchaser or Purchasers, and his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns for ever, as he, she, or they shall direct or appoint, to be held by him, her, or them accordingly for ever.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful td

and for the said Bailiffs and Freemen and their Successors to cause a proper and commodious Town Hall or Court House, fit for the Reception of His Majesty's Judges of Assize, and of His Majesty's Justice* of the Peace for the said County, with such Courts, Rooms, and other Conveniences therein and thereto as may be thought necessary, to be provided in the said Town of Kingston-upon- Thames, either by repairing and enlarging the present CourtHouseof the said Town, or by rebuilding the fame or any Part thereof on the Scite of the present Town Hall, or elsewhere in the said Town as may be moll convenient; and also to cause a proper and commodious Market House to be erected and built in the said Town of Kingston-upon-Thames, with all necessary Conveniences therein and thereto, with such Rooms and Chambers over or adjoining the same as may be found necessary and convenient; and for the Purposes aforesaid it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Bailiffs and Freemen of the Town of Kingston-upon-Thames and their Successors to contract and agree with any proper Surveyor, Architect, Artificer or Artificers, Workman or Workmen, for the performing, executing, completing, and finishing such Buildings and Works; and the said Bailiff and Freemen and their Successors shall and they are hereby empowered and required, by, from, and out of the Monies to arise by such Sale and Sales as are herein-before authorized and directed to be made of the said Allotment and Allotments vested in them by virtue of this Act, to defray, as far as the fame will extend, all such Colls, Charges, and Fxpenees as may attend the executing, completing, and finishing the said Buildings and Works.

4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. iM* 2597

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Coils, Charges, and Ex- er^y,c"fc| pences of obtaining, parting, and putting into Execution this Act, so far XG}\ ceftain as relates to providing a Town Hall or Court House and Market House P-'rtof th* within the said Town of Kingston-upon-Thames, shall be borne and paid by the Bailiffs and Freemen of the said Town, out of the Allotments to be made to them in pursuance of this Act.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That such Town Hall or Court House $uch Town and the said Market House, and all other Buildings made and erected in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, shall be and be deemed to be verted te-

rn the said Bailiffs and Freemen of the said Town of Kingston-upon-Thames men. and their Successors, to be used for the Purposes for which they are hereby directed to be built and provided as aforesaid, and other Parochial Purposes, for which the present Town Hall of the said Town is used and appropriated, and for such other parochial or public Purposes as may at any future Time be found necessary or expedient in the said Town,

L. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Bailiffs and Freemen and their Successors to fell and dif- the pi*r«nt pose of the Materials of the present Town Hall and Market House (if the i’ow« fame or any Part or Parts thereof respectively shall be taken down) and to 1

pay and apply the Money thereby arising in Aid of the Costs and Charges attending the Building and Works herein-before directed.

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and fr?!"

for the said Bailiffs and Freemen and their Successors (without incurring &c. >t need-any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of Mortmain) to purchase any Meffu- lar>* ages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments lying within the said Town of Kingston-upon-Thames, so them and their Successors, for the more commodious and better forming, erecting, and completing the Buildings and Works herein-before directed as aforesaid; and if after forming, Buildings, erecting, and completing the said Buildings and Works, the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so authorized to fold, be purchased as aforesaid, or the Scites of the present Town Hall ur Court House, and Market House, or either of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be found useless and unnecessary for the Purposes of the said intended Buildings, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Bailiffs, Freemen, and their Successors, and they are hereby authorized to sell and convey the same to any Person or Persons willing to be--come the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and his, her, and their Heirs,

Tor the best Price and Prices that can reasonably be obtained for the fame, and the Money thereby arising shall be paid and applied in and for the Uses and Purposes directed by this Act,

LII. And be it further enacted, That previous to any public Auction sales by Aue*. being held for the Sale of any of the said Pieces or Parcels of Land and tion* Ground so to be awarded to the said Bailiffs and Freemen, and herein directed to be sold by public Auction as aforesaid, Six Weeks Notice of inch intended Auction or Auctions shall be given in some Newspapt- or Newspapers printed and circulated in the said County of Surrey; and l.:e Purchaser or Purchasers at such Auction shall immediately pay (by way of Depofic)to the said Bailiff and Freemen or their Successors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, One-fifth Part of his, her, or their Purchase Money, and shall also pay the Re-29/’ mainder

2598 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

jnalnder thereof at such other Time as the said Bailiffs and Freemen or their Successors shall at or before the Time of such Auction or Auc'ions appoint; and in Default thereof the Money lb deposited shall be forfeited, and shall be applied for the Payment of the Ccfb, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and puffing this Act j and the Allotment or Allotments of Land and Ground, for which the Whole of such Purchase Money shall not have been paid, or for which there shall be no Bidding at such Auction or Auctions, shall again be put up to Sale, and fold in Manner aforesaid for the befl Price or Prices that can be so gotten for the fame, or be sold by the said Bailiffs and Freemen and their Successors by private Contract, for any Sum or Sums of Money not less than the remaining Four-fifths of the Price or respective Prices for which the fame was or were respectively before fold, or the Amount of One Bidding above the Sum of respective Sums at which the fame was or were respectively put up in the said former Auction or Auctions.

Dispofalof

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Overplus shall remain of

Mori«.rplu* the Produce of the Purchase Monies to arise by such Sale and Sales as are herein-before directed and authorized after Payment of the Colts, Charges, and Expences attending the Buildings and Works hereby directed to be made as aforesaid, such Overplus, if the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds and upwards, shall be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Bailiffs and Freemen of the Town of Kingston-upon-Thames> pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of His late Majesty King George the First, and the general Rules and Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the Second j and such Overplus shall hereafter be applied by the Bailiffs and Freemen of the said Town of Kingston-upon-Thames to such parochial Purposes and Improvements of the said Town as to them shall seem right and proper.

LIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That the said Overplus shall be laid out in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in the said Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, ?s they shall be respectively paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant General in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling or Exchequer Bills, all which said Navy and Victualling and Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General and shall there remain until ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold, upon Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Bailiffs and Fremen of the Town o i Kings ton-upon-Thames y for the Purposes aforesaid.

App.-sU

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this or the said recited Act (other than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners as are by the said recited Act or this Act directed to be final or conclusive, and except in such Cases where an Issue at Law is herein-before directed to be tried) then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Surrey, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have & eirifen*

2599

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 134.

arisen, on giving to the Person or Persons appealed against Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices (not interested in the Prcniifes) at their General Quarter Sessions or at any Adjournment thereof, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein and to award such Colls and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order and Warrant to levy the Colls and Charges which shall be so-awarcted by Distress and Sale of the Good3 and Chattels of the Party or Part es liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant,

Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to alt Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Wefitoinflet' or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous and vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Colts to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and be levied in Manner aforesaid.

LVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act Body or B^o* contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter, vary, or affect J*!'Right'* any Tolls, Dues, Duties, or Perquisites whatsoever arising, accruing, due, Toi s not 10 or payable from the said Market in the said Town of Kmgston-upon-Thames, be to any Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or any Person or Persons whomsoever; but all such Tolls, Dues, Duties, and Perquisites shall be due and payable to such Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate, and Collegiate, and their Successors, and to such Person and Persons* their Heirs and Ashgns, in such and in like Manner as if this Act had not been made.

LVII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs Saving Claufj* and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, his, her, or their Heirs, Successors,

Executors, and Administrators, all such Right, Title, and Interest, other than and except such as is and are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, in case this Act had not been made.

[Publick Act.]

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by ail Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the? King’s most Excellent Majesty. j 808,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

im I*

Cap. 135.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Checkley, in the County of Stafford. [i 8th June, 1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the Manors or Townships of

Upper Tearly Nether Tean, Checkley, and Madelyholme, in the Parish of Checkley, in the County of Stafford, certain Common Fields, Commons and Waste Lands, containing Five hundred Acres or thereabouts: And whereas Henry Bathurfi, Esquire, in Right of Ann Dorothy Franceys his Wife, is Lord of the Manor of Upper Fean, and Ann Roycroft Widow, is Lady of the Manor of Madelyholme, and as such are respectively entitled to the Soil of the Waste Lands within the said Manors: And whereas Mary Powys Spinster, is the Patron of the Rectory of the Parish Church of Checkley aforesaid, and the Reverend Samuel Langley Clerk, is Restor thereof, and as such is entitled to all the Tythes arising from the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Manors or Townships, and every of them, and he is also entitled to the Glebe Lands therein: And whereas the said Henry Bathurfi, Ann Roycroft, John Philips, Thomas Cotton Sheppard, Simon Mcuntfort, Robert Charles Greaves, William Phillips, and divers other Persons, are Proprietors of and interested in the said Common Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands: And whereas the said Samuel Langley, as Restor as aforesaid, claims to be Lord of the Manor of Checkley and Headman's Green, within the Townships of Nether Tean and [Loc, fc? Per.] 29 G Checkley

26o?

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

Checkley, and the said John Philips also claims to he Lord of the Manor or Manors of Nether Peon and Checkley, and the said William Phillips and certain other Freeholders in the said Manor or Townships of Nether Tean also claim to be Lords of the said Manor of Nether Tean: And whereas the Property in the said Common Fields lies intermixed and dispersed, and the said Commons and Waste Lands are in their present Stale incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested therein, and of public Utility, if the fame were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted unto and amongit the said Owners and Proprietors according to their respective Rights and Interests therein: but as such Division, Allotment and In-dofure cannot be effectually made and established without the Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it maybe enabled, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenr of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Commons and Waste Lands in the Parish of Checkley aforesaid, shall, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing Commission- of this Act, be divided, set out and.allotted by Robert Harvey, of bunjlal au in the County of Stafford, Esquire, and John Tilffey, of Caverjwall Castle,

in the said County, Gentleman, who and their Successors, to be elected in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Execution of this Act, with such Powers and fub-jedl to such Directions and Regulations as are contained in this Act, and with and subject to such of the Powers, Directions and Regulations contained in an Act, passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One API certain Provisions usually injected in Alls of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Falls ijually required on the faffing of such Alls, as are not controuled or varied by or repugnant to any of the Clauses, Provisions or Regulations of this Act; and that it shall be lawful for them the said Commissioners, or their Successors, to be appointed as hereinafter mentioned, to do and perform every Act and Thing requisite to be done under and by virtue of this Act, and to put in Force and execute all and every the Powers and Authorities contained in this and the said recited Act, provided that if they the said Commissioners, or their Successors shall differ in Opinion upon any of the Matters and Things directed to be executed by them by virtue of this Act, in that Cafe Samuel Botham, of Uttoxeter in the said County of Stafford, Gentleman shall be and he is hereby appointed a Third Commissioner for carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution, with respect to such Matters and Things only on which the said Two first-named Commissioners, or their Successors shall differ in Opinion as aforesaid; and in such Case it shall be lawful for any one of the said first-named Commissioners or their Successors, together with the said Samuel Botham or his Successor to execute all Powers, Authorities, Acts, Matters and Things requisite to be done in the Execution of this or the said recited Act, and which shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes as if done and executed by the said Two first-named Commissioners j and that the Notices by the said Act required to be given in some public Newspaper of setting

out

2603

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

out public Carriage Roads, and of reading and executing the Award of the Commissioners, shall be given in the Stafford Newspaper, or in fotne other Newspaper generally circulated in the said County of Stafford.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if, before the Appointment Powers and Truths reposed in the said Commissioners shall have been fully executed and performed, any of the said Commissioners shall die, or yicancjes, refuse to act or to qualify himself, or shall become incapable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of such Powers and Trusts, it shall be lawful for the major Part in Value of the Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds so intended to be divided and inclosed, who shall by themselves, or their respective Agents, attend the Meeting or Meetings to be appointed by the furvrving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner for that Purpose, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint some other fit Person, not interested in Inch Division and Inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the Place of such Commissioner so dying, refusing or becoming incapable to act, and so from Time to Time as often as any Commissioner to be appointed by the said Proprietors shall die or refuse to act or to qualify himself, or shall become incapable of acting as aforesaid j provided that the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall cause Notice to be given of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election, at lead Twenty-one Days before the Time of holding any such Meeting, by affixing such Notice on the South Porch Door of the Parish Church of Checkley aforesaid, and by causing the same to be published in the Stafford Newspaper, or some Newspaper usually circulated in the said County of Stafford-, and if the Majority in Value of the said Proprietors shall, for the Space of Seven Days alter such Meeting as aforesaid, refuse or neglect to appoint a new Commissioner in the Place and Stead of every or any Commissioner who shall die or refuse to act or to qualify himself, or shall become incapable of acting as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner shall, from Time to Time, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, appoint a fit and proper Person, not interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, to be a Commissioner in the Place of each Commissioner so dying or refusing to act, or to qualify himself, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid; and every Commissioner to be appointed in the Manner hereby directed, shall have the like Powers and Authorities for putting this and the said recited Act into Execution, as if he had been expressly named and appointed a Commissioner by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they Noticed are hereby required to give public Notice, in Writing, to be affixed upon Meetings to the South Porch Door of the Parish Church of Checkley aforesaid, on some be 8iven-Sunday during Divine Service, of the Time and Place of their First and every subsequent Meeting for putting this and the said recited Act in Execution, at least Fourteen Days before the Time appointed for holding such Meetings respectively (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and it shall be lawful for the Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, from Time to Time as they°shall find

2604

One Commissioner or the Clerk may adjourn.

What shall be deemed Common Field Land,

Cottages and Buildings on that Part of the Commons which lie within the Manor of Upper Tean, to be allotted to the Lord of that Manor.

Respecting Encroachments made above Twen. ty Years.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

find it convenient, to continue such Meeting by Adjournment for the due Execution of this Act, leaving Notice at the Place where the said Commissioners shall be fitting at the Time of any such Adjournment, of the Time and Place to which such Meeting shall be adjourned: Provided always, that if only one of the said Commissioners shall attend at the Time and Place appointed for any Meeting to be holden pursuant to this Act, it shall be lawful for such one Commissioner, and if no Commissioner shall attend at the Time and Place so appointed, then it shall be lawful for the Clerk of such Commissioners, and such Commissioner and Clerk respectively have hereby full Power to adjourn such Meeting to any future Day they shall respectively fee most convenient, to be holden at the fame or any other Place, the Clerk giving due Notice to the absent Commissioner or Commissioners of the Time and Place to which every Adjournment shall be made, and so from Time to Time as often as there shall be Occasion, until Two or more of the said Commissioners shall be present: Provided also, that all Meetings of the said Commissioners, in the Execution of this or the said recited Act, shall be held within Eight Miles of the said Parish of Checkley.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all Fields and Closes within the several Manors or Townships aforesaid, in which Two or more Persons shall be seised of or entitled to any Lands, or any Common of Pasture or Eftover, or other Common Right or Property, shall be deemed Common Field Land, and be divided and allotted accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted, That all Cottages, Erections and Buildings whatsoever, now Handing or being upon the Commons and Waste Lands which lie within, or are Parcel of the said Manor of Upper Tean, shall be and are hereby vested in the said Henry Bathurst as Lord of the said Manor of Upper Tean, and the Lord of the said Manor of Upper Tean for the Time being forever, to be held in Severalty, and shall from henceforth be and be deemed and taken to be as his and their entire Property’ and be held and enjoyed by him and them accordingly, nevertheless the Scite of or Ground upon which such Cottages, Erections and Buildings stand, shall be considered as Part of the One-sixteenth Share of the said Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manor of Upper Tean, which is hereinafter directed to be allotted to the said Henry Bathurst as Lora of the said Manor of Upper Tean, for his Right of Soil.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which shall have been made upon or from the said Common Fields and Waste Lands within the said Manors of Nether Tean, Checkley and Madelybolme, for Twenty Years or upwards, without legal Interruption, before the First Day of "January One thousand eight hundred and eight, with the Cottages and Buildings thereon, and for which any Rent or Acknowledgment hath been paid to the Lords of the said respective Manors of Nether Tean, Checkley, and Madelybolme, any or either of them, or their or either of their Ancestors as Lords of the said Manors within that Period, shall be deemed to belong to, and are hereby declared to be the Property of such of the said Lords to whom any such Rent or Acknowledgment hath been paid, and that such other Encroachments which shall have been made upon or from the said

Common

2605

I

t

I

I

t

I

i

IS

Is

I

I

48° GEORGII III. Cap. XI5.

Common Fields and Waste Lands wirhin the said Manors of Nether 'Tean, Check ley, and Madely holme, or any of them, for Twenty Years or upwards, without legal Interruption, before the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eight, and for which no Rents or Acknowledgments have been paid to the said Lords of the said Manors of Nether Tean, Checkley, and Madelyholme, any or either of them, or their, or any, or either of their Ancestors, shall, with the Cottages and Buildings thereon, be deemed to be the Property of the Person or Persons who shall in his, her, or their own Right be in Perfieftion or entitled to the Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which shall have been made upon or from the fai 1 Common Fields and Waste Lands within the said several Manors of Upper Tiean. Nether ‘Tean, Checkley, and Madelyholme, or any of them, within Twenty Years next before the said First Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall be deemed Part thereof, but all such last-mentioned Encroachments with the Buildings thereon,shall be allotted to the Person or Persons who at the Time of making the Allotments under this Act, shall in his, her, or their own Right be in Possession or Receipt of, or be entitled to the Rents and Profits of such Encroachments, for his, her, or their Share or Proportion of the said Waste Lands by virtue of this Act, or so far as the same will extend in Value according to their State when inclosed by virtue of this Act; but in case any such last-memioned Encroachments shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, be of greater Value than the Share or Proportion of the said Waste Lands which the Person or Persons so entitled ought to have by virtue of this Act, or in case it shall so happen thac the Person or Persons, who at the Time of making the said Allotments under this Act, shall in his, her, or their own Right be in Possession or Receipt of, or entitled to the Rents and Profits of any such last-mentioned Encroachments, and shall not be entitled to any Allotment from the said Common Fields and Waste Lands under or by virtue of this or the said recited Act, then, and in either of the said Cafes, the said Commissioners are hereby authorized, (if they shall think fit, but not otherwise,) to fell and allot such Encroachments, or Parts of Encroachments to such Person or Persons who, if he, she, or they was or were entitled to a sufficienc Allotment from the said Common Fields and Waste Lands, would be entitled to have the fame allotted as aforesaid, at such Sum of Money as the said Commissioners shall adjudge the fame would produce, and the said Commissioner shall receive and apply the fame for the Purposes of this Act; and if any such last-mentioned Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall lo adjudge, at the Time fixed by them for that Purpose, then such Encroachments, which shall not be so paid lor as aforesaid, shall be allotted as Common and Waste Land: Provided always, that in the Valuation of such Encroach-

ments and Inclosures, the Buildings or Erections thereon shall not be included, buc in case any such laii mentioned Encroachments shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, be thought proper or more convenient to be laid to the Lands of any Person entitled to an Allotment or Allotments from the said Common Fields and Waste Lands, then, and in such Case, the said Commissioners are hereby required to allot such last-[Loc. & Herd] 29 H mentioned

Respeffing Encroachments made within 20 Years.

2606

Certain Lands which have been Common not to have any Allotment.

Cottages not having paid Rack Rents to have Leases of their Cottages and Gardens at small Rents.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. i 35*

mentioned Encroachments, or such Part thereof as they shall think proper, unto such other Person or Persons so entitled, in part, or in tull of his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, as the Case may be, and shall be at Liberty to order and direct such Allowance or Compensation, to be made by the Person to whom the same shall be so allotted, to the Person or Persons from whom such Encroachments shall be taken, as to the said Commissioners shall seem reasonable.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in making the Divisions and Allotments hereinbefore mentioned, the said Commissioners shall not have any regard to any Lands or Hereditaments which shall appear to the Sacisfadion of the said Commissioners to have been Commons or Waste Lands within the Memory of any Person or Persons now living, it not being intended that the Owners or Proprietors thereof shall have any Allotment in respect of the same.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Lords of the hid Manors of Upper Tean, Nether Tean, and Checkley wherein any Cottage is situate, which by virtue of this Act shall be vested in the Lord or Lords of such Manor respectively, and in respect whereof no greater Annual Rent or Payment than One-fifth Parc of the Yearly Value shall have been paid or agreed to be paid before the said Full Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall permit or suffer the Person or Persons in Possession of such Cottages respectively, on the said Firil Day of January One thousand eight hundred and eight, and their respective Executors and Administrntors to have, hold, and occupy the fame Cottages respectively, and such Part of the Gardens adjoining or laying near to such Cottages respectively,^as shall be allotted to the Lord or Lords of the said respective Manors of Upper Tean, Nether Tean, and Checkley, where such Cottage is situate, as the said Commissioners shall direct, (not exceeding Twenty Perches to each Cottage,) for the Term of Twenty-one Years, from the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, provided the Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid, or their respective Executors or Administrators, do and shall pay to the Lord or Lords of the Manor wherein such Cottage is situate, the yearly Sum of One Shilling as the Rent of, and for each such Cottage, and such further yearly Sum of Money in respect of the Rent of the Garden or Land allotted or directed to be held with such Cottage, as the said Commissioners shall adjudge and direct and provided the respective Occupiers of such Cottages respectively do and shall keep the said Cottages, Buildings, and Fences in as good Repair, and the Land or Ground in as good Condition as the fame were in on the said Firil Day^of January One thousand eight hundred and eight j and in case the Person or Persons lo entitled to Possession as aforesaid, shall refuse, for the Space of Six Calendar Months after Notice and Demand in Writing for that Purpose, to perform the said Proviso or Condition, then, and in such Case, the Ellate, Term, and Interest of and in the said Cottage and Premises of such Person or Persons so neglecting or refilling, shall absolutely cease and determine to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and thereupon it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords of the said respective Manors of Upper Tean, Nether Tean, and Checkley, or other Person or Persons in whom the Freehold and Inheritance

2607

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

tnnce of and in such Cottage or Cottages fIialL.be veiled by virtue of this Act, or his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, into or upon such Cottages and Lands respectively, or any Part thereof, to enter, and to have, hold and enjoy the fame, discharged of all Claims and Demands of the Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns.

X. And be it further enacted, That the Rent hereby directed to be paid in respect of each such Cottage as last-mentioned, and also in respect of the Cottages, Erections, and Buildings, to be Id allotted as aforesaid to the said Henry Bathurst, or the Lord of the said LManor of Upper ‘Tean for the Time being, shall be added to the Rent, (if any,) directed to be paid by the Commissioners in respect of the Gardens or Pieces of Land to be occupied with such Cottages, Erections, and Buildings, so as to form one entire Rent, to all Intents and Purposes; and the fame or any Part thereof shall and may be recovered by a Distress, to be made or taken upon any Goods, Cattle, or Chattels to be found in the said Cottage, EreClio^s, and Buildings, or upon the Land or Ground directed to be set out to be occupied therewith.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Question or Dispute

which shall or may arise between any Person or Persons interested in the said Common Fields, Commons and Walle Lands, before the settling and allotting the fame in Manner hereinafter mentioned, or touching the Extent, Identity, or Possession of any Plot, Parcel or Portion thereof, or touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests which they or any of them shall have, or claim to have in, upon, or over the fame Common Fields, Commons and Waste Lands, or touching or concerning the Boundaries of any of the said Manors or Townships which adjoin together, or any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, shall be examined, heard, and determined by the said Commissioners: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled , and in cale the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Colls and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, chen, and in such Case, it shall be lawful lor the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, directed to any Person or Persons whoml'oever, to cause such Costs and Charges

to

Rents to be entire and recoverable by one Distress.

For settling Disputes.

Power to Commissioners to award Costs.

2608 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refilling to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, (if any,) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so diffrained and fold, after deduding the Costs and Charges attending such Diitrels and Sale,

Allowing

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Person or thVir Rights^ ^er^ons *ntereded, or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division byanlffue ant^ Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said at Law. Commissioners touching or concerning any Right r the Soil of the saki Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or of any Rights or Claims to Rights of Common in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or touching or concerning any other Rights or Interests which he, ffie, or they shall or may have or claim to have in the said intended Divifronand Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied, to proceed to a T rial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden far the said County of Stafferrl j and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who flvdl be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall c-'Ir an Action to be brought upon a feigned hide again;! the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made; within Three Calendar Months next after the Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made j and he Defendant or Defendants in such Addon or Actions shall, and he, she, and they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Auornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept one or more I flue or Issues, whereby inch Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on may be tried and determined,such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame; and the Verdict or Verdicts, which shall be given in such Action or Actions, shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever,unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall set aside such Ver-did or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cafes; and after such Yerdid or Yerdids shall be obtained and not fee aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to ad in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioners, touching such Claim or Claims of Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or of any Rights or Claim to Rights of Common, or such Rights or Interests as aforesaid, in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby di-reded to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objeding not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thoreof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and against whom any such Action or Actions might have been brought, if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time hereinbefore limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who might have brought such Action or Actions against: the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the fame within the Tifne so limited as aforesaid, against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk of the said Commissioners with Process for commencing such Action or Actions, in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend fitch Action or Actions, in the Name or Names of the Person jor Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Perfoti or Persons had been actually living, and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

tVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any of such Parties, except in Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of Twenty Years, as hereinbefore mentioned; but in case the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion against the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon, until the Possessiion shall have been given up, or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or other due Course of Law.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized, at any Time or Times before the Execution of the said Award, by Notice and Advertisement to be given and published as before directed, to order and direct: all or any Part of the Rights of Common in, over, or upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds or any Part thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended, for and during such Time as shall be expressed in such Writing; and that all such Rights of Commons as the said Commissioners shall by any Writing order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall from the Time of giving such Notice cease, determine and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof be suspended accordingly; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

[£er. ii Per.] 29 /

2609

Suits not to abate by Death of Parties.

Provision in case of Death of Parties before Actions brought*

Right of Possession of Persons not to be determined by Commissioners.

Commissioners may suspend or ex-tinguiih Rights of Common.

£.6 m

Corpjnissioners to set out Land for Watering Places, Stone, Gravel, &c.

Power to fell Land to defray Expen-

48° GEORGII III. Up. 135.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby authorized and required to set out and allot such Part and Parcel of the said Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, as they shall think proper, for the Purpose of Watering Places for Cattle, and for furnishing Stone and Gravel, and other Materials for the making and repairing of the Highways and other Roads within the said Manors or Townships of Upper %can., Nether Tean, Checkley, and Madelyholme, and for the Use and Bepefic of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Manors or Town-ships respectively.

Provided always, and it is-hereby further enacted, That in ordef to raise a sufficient Sum of Money to.defiay->she Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of furyeying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed, and of forming, making, and putting in good and sufficient Repair the Roads and Highways to be made in pur-1'qapce of the said recited Act, until they shall be certified by the Surveyor to be in such State of Repair as directed by the said recited Act, and of preparing and inrolling the said Award of the Commissioners, and of defending any Action or Actions which may be brought against the said Commissioners in confluence of their determination respecting any Claims or Interefis as aforesaid, and all other the Charges and Expences arising in the carrying of this and the said recited Act into execution, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, as soon after the passing of this Act as they shall think proper, and so from Time to Time as often as they may find.it necessary, to feH by private Contraft or public Auction, in Manner directed by the said recited Act, such Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands as they shall deem sufficient for the Purposes aforesaid^ and the Purchase Monies of the said Lands so to be sold as aforesaid shall be paid to the said Commissioners, or such Banker or Person as shall be appointed by them to receive the same, at such Time or Times as they shall appoint, and the Receipt of the said Commissioners for such Purchase Money shall be a sufficient Discharge to the Purchaser or Purchasers for the fame; and immediately after such Receipt shall be given to such Purchaser or Purchasers, the Pieces or Parcels of Land so purchased by him, her, or them, shall by virtue of this Act become vetted in him, her or them, and his, her, or their respective Heirs and Assigns in Fee Simple, without any further or other Conveyance, Assurance, Instrument or Writing whatsoever; and the said Pieces or Parcels of Land shall be fenced in such Manner, and subject to, or exempt from such Roads and Footpaths as shall be mentioned in such Receipts respectively; and the said Commissioners shall apply the Monies to arise by such Sale or Sales in defraying of such Cods, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid; and if any Surplus of such Monies shall remain in the Hands of the said Commissioners, the same shall be by them paid and divided to and among the several Persons interested in the said Division and Inclosure (in case they shall be seised of their Allotments in Fee Simple) in proportion to their respective Rights and Interests in the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed, or otherwise such Surplus shall be applied anddisposed of by the

26l I

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

the said Commissioners in Manner prefrribed by the said recited Act, with respect to Money to be paid for the Purchase ot Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or the Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements of Hereditaments to be settled to the fame fifes; and the Receipts of the several Persons who shall be then in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the said Rights or Interests, or of the Trustees, Guardians, or Agents of such several Persons, shall be good Discharges to the said Commissioners for the same.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the Money Deficiency, arising by Sale of Land as aforesaid, shall not prove i’ufficient to de- it any. to be fray all such Charges and Expences as aforesaid, then the Deficiency shall be made up by the several Persons interested in the said Division and In- pj;ci.rj closure, and shall be paid in such Shares and within such Time, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall direct, nominate and appoint; and in case any Expences shall be incurred in the Execution of any of the Powers and Provisions of this Act, which ought to be borne and defrayed by any particular Person or Persons, and not out of the Money to be raised for the general Purposes of this Act, then the same shall be paid in such Shares and within such Time, and by and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall direct, nominate or appoint: and in case any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay any Sum or Sums of Money so directed to be paid by him or them, within the Time appointed for the Payment thereof, the fame may be levied and recovered by the fame Means as are prescribed by the said recited Act for recovering Sums of Money payable by Proprietors towards the Expences of the Inclosure.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and Allotment to they are hereby required to allot and award unto and for the Lord and Lady the bards of Tor the Time being of the said Manors of Upper Jean and Madelybolme,

and to the Person or Persons, if any, who shall be deemed Lord or Lords of the said Manors or Townships, cr Manor or Township of Nether Jean,

Cheekily, and Dead-man’s Green, according to their respective Interests therein, such Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands as shall contain One full Sixteenth Part or Share thereof, in lieu of and in full Recompence and Satisfaction for alt their Right and Interest in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands.

XXII. And whereas the said Ann Roycroft and her Predecessors, Lords partof a cc-. and Ladies for the Time being of the Manor of Madelybolme aforesaid, tain Stone have for several Years lad pall, by herself or themselves, or by her Q"arry in or their Tenants, occupied and enjoyed a certain Stone Quarry upon the MadelyhoIm. said Commons in the Manor of Madelybolme, now in the Occupation of the Lad"* Henry Fewer-, and also a certain Warren or Place upon the Commons of the Manor, within the last-mentioned Manor for the keeping of Rabbits or Conies;

and upon the Inclosure of the said Commons within the Manor of Madelybolme, the said Ann Roycroft may be entirely deprived of the said Warren, and prevented from making so great Advantage of the said

Stone

261 2

48° GEORGII III. Cap.

Stone Quarry as (he now doth; and the Allotments hereinbefore directed to be made to her for Right of Soil, may be an inadequate Compensation for her manerial and other Rights and Privileges; be it therefore further enacted.That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, in the Division of the said Commons and Waste Lands within the said Manor of Madelyholme, to set out and allot unto and for the said Ann Roycroft, or the Lord or Lady for the Time being of the said Manor of Madelyholme, such Part or Parts of the said Stone Quarry in the Possession of the said Henry Rower, or such other Part or Parts of the said Commons or Wastes within the said Manor, adjoining or lying near thereto or otherwise, over and above the Allotment hereinbefore directed to be made to the said Ann Roycroft for Right of Soil, as with the fame Allotment shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioners, be a full and adequate Compensation to the said Ann Roycroft, or the Lady or Lord for the Time being of the said Manor of Madelyholme, for all her or his manerial and other Rights and Privileges hereby intended to be barred and cxtin-guished.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That after such several Allotments as hereinbefore mentioned shall have been made, the said Commissioners shall apportion, set out, divide and allot all the Residue of the Landsand Grounds intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, unto, between and among the several Proprietors and Owners thereof, and other Persons interested therein, according and in proportion to their respective Shares, Rights and Interests.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That ifany Person or Persons hath or have fold and conveyed, or shall at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, sell and convey his, her or their Right, Interest or Property in, over or upon the said Commons and Waste Lands, or any Part thereof, to any other Person or Persons, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to make an Allotment of Land to the Purchaser or Purchasers named in such Conveyance, or to his, her or their Heirs or Assigns, for or in respect of such Right, Interest or Property so fold and conveyed as aforesaid; and every such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her or their Heirs or Assigns, shall and may, from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Vendor or Vendors in every such Sale might, could or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame in case such Sale and Conveyance had not been made.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all and Singular the Waste ipt Lands hereby directed to be divided ail'd inclosed, shall be freed and exempted from the Payment of Tythesforthe Space of Five Years, to be computed from the passing of this Act.

Payments to

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Occupiers for the Time »f Tjih« »fU being of the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall, front

the

Allotment of the Residue.

Commissioners to allot to Purchasers,

from Tyth for Five Years.

4 GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

the Time the Right of Common shall he suspended or extinguished by the Commissioners, to the Expiration of the said Term of Five Years lastly abovementioned, pay unto the Rr£tor of the Parish of Checkley for the Time being, such Annua' Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall adjudge reason >b'e, as a Compenfarion for the Tyrhe of Lamb and Wool which would have arisen.to the Restor of the said Parish for the Time being in Cafe this Act had not been passed.

XXV1L And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall affect the Tythes now payable to the Rector of the said Rectory, but the same shall continue payable in the like Manner as if rhis Ad had not been mide, save and except such Tythes as might arise from the said Commons and Waste Lands during the said Term of Five Years.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to set our, allot, and award any Lands, Allotments, Tenements or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Manors or Townships of Upper Tean, Nether Tean, Checkley, and Madelyholme, or any of them, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Allotments, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Manors or Townships, or any of them, or within any adjoining Parish, Township, Manor, Hamlet or Place, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, or in some other Instrument of Instruments in Writing to be executed by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, and be made with the Conlenc of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors shall be Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtcfy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Uses, Husbands Committees or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwii'e disabled to act for themselves, himself or herself, such Consent to be teltified in Writing, under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively, or by their accepting of the Lands to be given to him, her or them in Exchange as aforesaid j and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent teltified as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie and be situate.

29 K

2613

Latr.b and Wool for Five Years.

That Tythes shall continue payable.

Power of Exchange®

No Exchange of Church Lands to be made without the Consent of the Patron and Bishop.

\Lcc. t# Per.}

2614

Coils of Exchanges and Partitions how to be paid.

Act not to revoke Wills,

CommiiTior.-ers may vacate Leases at Rack Rent.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Cods, Charges and Exigences attending the making and completing of any Exchanges and Partitions to be made under or by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall by their Award order and direct.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed or taken to revoke, alter or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having or claiming any Jointure, Dower, Portion, Debt or Incumbrance out of or from any of the Lands, Grounds and Premises hereby directed to be divided and inciol'ed, or which shall be exchanged by virtue thereof, or cut of or from any Parc thereof respectively j but that the Lands and Premises so to be allotted and awarded upon the said Division and Inclosure, or exchanged as aforesaid, shall immediately after such Division and Exchange be, enure and remain, and the several Persons to and for whom the same shall be so allotted and awarded and taken in Exchange as aforesaid, shall from thenceforth (land and be seised thereof to and for such and the same Uses, Truffs, Estates, Intents and Purposes, and subject to such and the fame Powers, Provisoes and Agreements, Charges, Rents, Dtbts, and Incumbrances, as the several Lands and Estates in lieu whereof such new Allotments and Exchanges shall be made as aforesaid, now are or would have been subject and liable to be charged with or affected by in case the fame had remained uninclosed or unexchanged, or this Act had not been made.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, if they shall think proper, at their First or any subsequent Meeting, by Notice and Advertisement to be given and published as aforesaid, to vacate and determine all or any Leases or Agreements at Rack Rent now subsisting of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of which any such Exchange or Partition shall be made, or of any Pari or Parts thereof, for any Term or Number of Years therein, or from Year to Year, or at Will j and from and after the Determination and Avoidance of any such Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to adjust and settle all Matters and Things between the Landlords and their respective Tenants touching the Avoidance of such Leases and Agreements, and to make such Order therein respecting the growing Rent of the several Lands and Grounds, and the Disposal of the Fodder, Dung, and Manure arising therefrom, and the Compensation which the respective Tenants thereof ought to have received, as they the said Commissioners i., each particular Cafe shall think reasonable and just: Provided always, thac if there shall be any Lease of Lands, Part of which shall be in the said Manors and Part in an adjoining Manor or Parish, all and every such Lease or Leases upon Rack Rent now subsisting may be vacated j but where any Lands shall have been taken in Exchange, which Lands shall be under Lease and wholly fituacc in an adjoining Manor

or

2615

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

or Parish, the Lease of such last-mentioned Lands shall not be vacated.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in the meantime, and until the Allotments Division and Allorment shall be made as hereinbefore is directed, the Laid may be cc-Common Fields, Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be di- ^Award"* vided and inclosrd, shall and may be cropped and Town with such Corn,

Grain or Grass Seeds, or mowed or grazed, or otherwise set, let, and occupied, by or to such Person and Persons, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands in that Behalf, from Time to Time, order, direct or appoint; any Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for No Sheep, any Person or Persons, during the Term of Seven Years from the passing

of this Act. to keep or departure any Sheep or Lambs in or upon any of for Seven the new Inciofures or Allotments which shall be made in pursuance of Years, this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners are Power to hereby authorized and required, in all Cafes where in their Judgment it

shall appear to be requisite or proper, or for the more convenient Occu- £r*acts> Vw pation of the Lands and Tenements within the said Manors or Town-ships, to divert and turn any old accustomed Way or Path parting or leading through or over any Part of the old Inciofures within the said Manors or Townships, or to flop up or discontinue such Roads, Ways and Passages as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet and proper:

Provided always, that no such Road, Way or Path shall be diverted, turned, flopped up or discontinued without such Concurrence and Order, and subject to such Appeal as is mentioned or referred to in and by the said recited Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Corts, Charges and Ex- Expences of pences of procuring and passing this Act, and of surveying, planning, the Act how measuring and allotting the Lid Common Fields and Walk Lands here- to be raised by directed to be divided and inclosed, and of preparing and inrolling the and paid* laid Award, and making and repairing such Fences, Roads, Gates, Stiles,

Drains, Bridges and other Conveniences as the said Commissioners shall think reasonable, and all other necessary Charges and Expences incident to and attending the carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, shall be defrayed and discharged by and out of the Money arising by the Sale of such Part and Parts of the said Common Fields and Waste Lands as shall be allotted for that Purpose as aforesaid.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons who persons ad-shall advance or lend any Money for defraying the Expences of applying vancing

for and obtaining this Act, and putting the fame and the said recited Act Money to be in execution, shall be repaid the fame out of the first Monies which shall rePaid wi‘h be raised in pursuance hereof, with Interest after the Rate of Five nterClt* Pounds per Centum per Annum,

2616

Commissiofl-ers’ Accounts to be laid before a Justice,

Award to be deposited.

Proprietors to pay their own Expen-

Power of Appeal.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required to enter in a Book to be provided for that Purpose a true Account of ail Sums by them received and expended, or due to them for their Trouble and Expences during the Prop refs of the said Inclosure, and shall at least once in every Year, from the Day of palTing this Act till such Accounts shall be finally allowed, produce such Account, with the Vouchers relating to the fame, to Mark Anthony Whyte Esquire, one of the Justices of the Peace for the said County, or in Case of his Death or declining to ad, to some other Joflice of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, to be examined by him, who is hereby required to enter the Balance by him stated in the Book of Accounts by the said recited Act required to be kept at the Office of the Clerk of the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law, unless the same shall be duly allowed by the said Mark Anthony Whyte or some oihcr Justice as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said Commissioners, when inrolled in Manner dirtded by the said recited Act, shall be deposited in the Parish Church of Checkley aforesaid.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners at any Meetings to be held in pursuance of this or the said recited Act."

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by ar.y Thing done in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, then and in every such Case (except in such Cases where the Orders or Determinations of the said Commissioners are hereby or by the said recited Act declared to be binding or conclusive, and except in such Cases where an Issue at Law shall be had as hereinbefore mentioned) he, she or they may appeal to any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be heki for the said County of Stafford, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners and to the Parties concerned, Fourteen Days’ Notice of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices in such Sessions afiembkd are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Cods as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame respectively, rendering the Overplus, if any, upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale; and the Order and Determination of the said Justices upon every such Appeal shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari or other wise into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

4Sui GEORGII III.: Cdp. 135.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to defeat, lessen or prejudice the Right, Tide, or Interest of the Paid Henry. Bathurst and Ann Dorothy Frimceys his Wife, Atm Roycfoft, and the f'eri'on or Persons who shall be deemed Lord or Lords of the Manor or Township, or Manors or Townships of Nether Teau, Che.ckley, and Headman's Green; or any future Lord or Lords of: the said Manors* to the Mines, Beds, Veins, and Seams of Coals* £annel. Slack, I condone, or other Mines and Minerals in or under the said Waste Lands hereby intended to be inclosed, or any Seigniories or Royalties incident or belonging to the said Manors, the fame being hereby reserved-to the Lofds’and Ladies for the Time being of the said Manors respectively, with full and free Liberty, Power, and Authority for them respectively, from Time to Time* and at all limes hereafter, to have, hold, win, work, and enjoy all Mines, Beds, Veins, and Seams of Coal, Cannel, Slack, Ironstone, and other Mines or Minerals, ol what Nature or Kind soever, within and Hinder the said Wade Linds hereby intended to be inclosed, together with all convenient and necessary Roads, Ways, and Railages, and Liberty of laying, making, and repairing Waggonways, and other Ways in, over, along, and across the fame, or any of them, or any Part thereof, and of searching for, winning, and working the said Mines and Minerals, and loading and carrying away the Coals, Cannels, Slack, Ironflone, or other Produce thereof, and sinking, digging, and making Pits, Shafts, Pit Rooms, Stand Yards, Air Pits, Drifts, Levels, Ways, and Watercourses, and of erecting and using Fire Engines, or other Engines, and of altering, changing, pulling down, and carrying away the fame, or any of the Materials thereof, and to have and use any Stone got in the sinking Pits, Shafts, or working or getting the said Minerals so reserved as aforesaid, for the Uses and Purposes of the said Works, at his, her, and their own free Will and Pleasure, and to do, employ, use, and exercise all such other Machines, Acts, and Things either now in use or hereafter to be invented, as may be necessary and convenient for the full and complete Enjoyment thereof, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as he or they could or might have done in case this Act had not been made, he and they making and allowing to the several Owners or Occupiers of such Allotments respectively a reasonable and adequate Recompence and Satisfaction for all such Damages as shall from Time to Time be done thereto, or to any Erections or Buildings that may at the Time of working or getting the said Mines and Minerals, or exercising the Privileges aforesaid, be erected or built thereupon, by or in the Use or Exercise of any such Right, Title, Interest, Liberty, Power, or Authority, in Proportion to the Loss thereby fuftairied, according to the Rights and Interests therein.,

XLII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Successors, Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, (other than and except such Persons to whom, and for whose Use and Benefit any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue hereof, in respect of the Interest and Property for which such Allot*

lLoc* P*r'~\ 2 9 L mcnc

2617

Saving of Manerial Rights, 5cc. to Lords of Manors.

General

Saving.

2618

Afl to be orinted by the King’s Primer

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 135.

ment or Allotments shall be made, and their respective Successors, Heirs, Executors, and Administrators,) all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, Claim, and Demand, except such as are meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, as they or any of them could or might have had or enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the Manor or Manerial Right, in any respect affected by the Provisions of this Act, or the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, or any Part thereof, before the passing of this Act, or in case this Act had not been made.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King's most Excellent Majesty; and a Copy thereof so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1S0!.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 13 6.

An Act to amend Two Acts, so far as re) ate to Applying the City of Londonderry with Water, improving the Harbour of the said City, and the Regulation of Pilots and Vessels uling the fame; and for extending the Jurisdiction of the Court held in the said City for the Recovery of Small Debts.

[23d June t8o8.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Parliament o{Ireland, in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge over the River Loughfoy le at the City of Londonderry and the Suburbs thereof and for certain Regulations relative to said City, anti also by another Act made in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for amending an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His Majest-f s Reign, intituled, An Act for building a Bridge over the River Loughfoy le at the City of Londonderry and the Suburbs thereof, and for certain Regulations relative to said City,* certain Provisions were made for supplying the Inhabitants of the said Cicy with Water: And whereas the said Provisions have bcenfound inefficient; and the Mayor, Community, and Citizens of the said City have necessarily expended the Sum of Eightthoufand PoundsinconftrudingRefer-fLoc% Ssf Per.~\ 29 M voirs

Irish Acts.

30 G. 3. e. ji.

40 G.3, c. 4t.

2622

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

voirsandBafons, andinlayingCaft Metal MainsandWoodenPipcsfor the more effecttially supplying of Water for the Use of the said Inhabitants; and ic is expedient that the Payment oflntercft for the said Sum of Eight thousand Pounds, and affo the future Expences attending the Supplying of Water to the Inhabitants, should be more effectually provided lor: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of lo much of the said Acts as ielate tf; the Port, River, and Harbour of Londonderry, and the Regulation of Pilots navigating and using the fame, are defective, and requiie to be altered and amended: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, determined by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the inhabitants of Authority of the same, That on some Day in the Year One thousand tight the P*>ur hundred and eight, between the First: Day of October and the Twenty-fifth city shall the Day °* l^e fame Month, and To in every fublequenc Year within the like annua'ly ele<ft Period, the Inhabitants of the Four Wards or Divisions of the said City of hers^fPipe Londonderry, and the Suburbs thereof, called by the Names followi g; Water Com- to wir, Bishop-Street Ward, Ship Quay-Street Ward, Butcher-Street Ward, nvittee. ?nd Ferry ay-Street Ward, shall alfcmble in Vestry, and final I e.UCl Four Inhabitants, one out of each of the said Wards, to be Members of the Pipe Water Committee herein-after mentioned, and the Names of such Four Inhabitants so elected shall by the Vestry Clerk of the Parish of Tempiemore, or by the Person who shall preside at such Election, be transmitted and returned to the Mayor of the said City for the Time being, on or before the Thirty-first Day of such Month of October in each and every Year.

On ad No-

II. And be it further enacted, That the Mayor, Community, and Citi-vember i8cS, zero of the said City of Londonderry in Common Council assembled, shall, D.y^nnusy, on the Second Day of November One thquland eight hundred and eight, the Corpora- and on the Second Day of November in each and every fubfrquent Year, pobithFourP (0r ’n ca^e l^e Second Day of November shall be on a Sunday, then on the Members, following Day) elcCl and appoint F«ur Members of the said Common Four^cle-ed ^ounc^ fefident in the said Ciiy of Londonderry, or the Liberties thereof, by the wards which said Four Persons, together with the Four Persons elected by the Ma ^shall Inhabitants of the said Wards in Manner aforesaid, (whole Names shall by be a Pipe the said Mayor be laid before the said Common Council), and together Water Com- with the Mayor of the said City for the Time being shall be and be called n" cc The Pipe Water Committee for the City of Londonderry \ and the Lid Committee, or any Five or more of them, shall, during the Year commencing on the said Day respectively, have full Power to carry into Execution all the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts of the Thirtieth and Fortieth Years of His Majesty's Reign, so far as the lame relate to supplying the Inhabitants of the said City with Water; and also to carry into Execution all the Powers and Provisions of this present Act relating thereto in Manner herein-after mentioned; and that such Pipe-Water Committee, or any Five of them, shall have, use, and exercise all such Powers and Authorities, for the carrying into Execution the said Provisions of the said recited A&$ and this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as the said Mayor, Community, and Citizens might have had, used, or exerciserf in case this Act had not been had or made,

*9

4B° GEORGII III. Cap. 136. 2623

III. And be it further enacted, That every Member of the said Pipe Water Committee shall, before acting’as a Member of the said Committee in the Members of Execution of this Act, take and subscribe an Oath or Affirmation fwhich the Corn-Oath or Affirmation any Magistrate of the said City is hereby empowered to adrr.inifter), diligently, faithfully, and impartially to execute the Powers vested in him by this Act, to the bell of his Skill and Judgement and any Member of the said Pipe Water Committee who shall act in the Execution of this Act without taking and subscribing such Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of 1 wency Pounds Sterling.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case it shall at any Time happen that the Election or Appointment of the several Members made?ormer of the said Pipe Water Committee, or any of them, shall not take place Membtrsmay in-any Year at the Time and in Manner herein-before respectivrly mentioned, it shall and may be lawful for any Member or Members of the Committee who shall have been duly defied and appointed, and who shall be afling as a Member or Members of the said Pipe Water Committee at the Time when such Election or Appointment ought to take place, to continue to act as such Member or Members without any further or other Election whatever for the then succeeding Year, as if such Member or Members had been elected to the said Office for such Year under the Prc-visions of this Act; and that in case any Vacancy shall happen in such Committee in the Course of any Year by the Death of any Member or Members so defied, an Election of a Member or Members to fill such Vacancy shall be made within One Month; and the surviving Members of the said Committee, not being less than Five in Number, shall be competent to act until such Vacancy shall be supplied.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Pipe Water Committee Meetings of shall hold their First Meeting in every Year on some Day between the the Comimttee. Second Day of November and the First Day of December.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Did Com- Ascertaining mittee, and they are hereby required, authorized, and empowered yearly Mont^to^be upon the Oath of chevChamberlain of the said City for the Time being, ia;°fed.y and upon the Oath or Oaths of such other Person or Persons as they the said Committees shall for that Purpose think fit to summon before them (which Oaths the said Mayor or any Magistrate of the said City is hereby authorized and empowered to ad mini Iter) to enquire into and to ascertain the Amount of all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be necessary to be raised, for the Payment of One Year's Interest, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum, upon the said Sum of Eight thousand Pounds so expended in making the said Reservoirs, Basons, Pipes, and other Works; and for Payment of the Expences which shall have been incurred during the preceding Year in keeping the said Reservoirs, Basons, Pipes, and other Works, in repair; and for paying fit and proper Persons for superintending, managing, and taking care of the fame; and in attending to the Distribunon of the Water, and in doing other Matters and Things requisite and necessary for the due and regular Supply of the said Water to the Inhabitants of the said

City;

2-624 4 G E ORG 11 III; Cap. 136.

proinw.rrt C:ty; and after the Amount of such Sum and Sums shall be so afeer-?ouppiot^nd tained, it shall be lawful for the said Committee to nominate and levy the sum appoint Three Inhabitants of each of the said f our vVards or Divifuns of or^u^h'p'aTt the said City and Suburbs, to be Applotters of the said Sum and Sums of tieKofasttoe Money upon the Inhabitants of the said City and Suburbs, in Manner SaiUidnkht. herein-after mentioned; and the Mayor of the said City for the Time being shall and he is hereby empowered, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to authorize and require the Applotters so appointed to apploc and levy in Manner required by this Act, all such Sum and Sums as shall be so ascertained, or to appiot and levy so much and such Part only of the said Sum or Sums as the said Committee may from Time to Time judge to be expedient and necessary to be raised and levied, and as the said Committee shall direct to be applotted and levied for the Purposes aforesaid.

Applotters

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Applotters or any Five or 111all value all more of them, shall and may, and they are hereby required, within Ten £)ays next aficr such their Appointment, to proceed to value and efti-shall mate the Yearly Value of the several Lands, Dwelling Houses, Out-laPme°iobe h°uses, Offices, Cellars, Stables, and Yards, within the said City and r.use.i on all Suburbs, together with such new Houses, Outhouses, and Premises as Huufcs worth shall be from Time to Time hereafter built, erected, or dfablished within Ibove.ea* a,d the said City of Londonderryand to appiot the Money to be raised and paid lor the Purposes aforesaid, according to the Directions of the said Committee, upon the several Inhabitants and Occupiers of all such Land, Dwelling Houses, Outhouses, Offices, and Premises, as they shall value at the Annual Rent of Five Pounds or upwards by a proportionable Poundage, or otherwise according to the Value at which such Houses and other . Premises shall be valued, specifying in such Applotment the Names of the different Persons inhabiting or possessing the fame, who are to be liable to pay the same.

Rates.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the annual Sums

to be assessed on or paid by the respective Occupiers of any Premises, shall in no Cafe exceed the Sums and Rates following; that is to say,

If such Premises are of the Value of Sixty Pounds or upwards, the Sum of Five Pounds:

If of the Value of Fifty Pounds and under Sixty Pounds, the Sum of Four Pounds t

If of the Value of Forty Pounds and under Fifty Pounds, the Sum of Three Pounds:

If of the Value of Thirty Pounds and under Forty Pounds, the Sum of Two Pounds:

If of the Value of Twenty Pounds and under Thirty Pounds, the Sum of One Pound Ten Shillings:

And if of the Value of Five Pounds and under Twenty Pounds, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound:

Unless by and with the Consent of the Person on whom such Sum shall be assessed; and except in the Cafe of Innkeepers, Brewers, and other Persons rtqwring an extraordinary Supply cf Water, and who shall pay such Sums as shall be agreed on between them and the said Committee.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 136. 2625

IX. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Applotters shall pre- Ap-

vious to his acting as an Applotter, take and subscribe an Oath (or solemn Affirmation if of the People called Quakers) before the Mayor of the said City for the Time being, that he will, according to the best of his Skill,

Abilities, and Knowledge, faithfully and impartially, without Favour or Affrftion, Malice or 111 will, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, applet theftid Sums to be applotted as aforesaid; and if any of the Appiotters ifany of the to be appointed pursuant to this Act shall neglect, omit, or refuse ^ef>^"ltt*rtj1grs to take such Oath or Affirmation, or shall happen to die before the ^ay^oceed" laid Appiotters, or any Five or more of them, shall have made the afore-fa.d Applotments, such Neglect, Refusal, Omission, or Death, shall not inva idate the Applotments made or to be made by the other of the said Appiotters, or any Five or more of them; but in every such Case, notwithstanding such Neglect, Omission, Refusal, or Death, the Applotments made or to be made by the others of the said Appiotters, or any Five or more of them, ffialJ be good and vaiid; and all the said /Applotments Applotments in Ten Days after the same shall be I'o made, shall be returned to the trc-

Mayor of the said City of Londonderry for the Time being, in Writing, Mayor.*0 1 & signed by the Appiotters thereof, or any Five or more of them, and if any Person who shall be appointed an Applotter pursuant to this Act shall neglect, omit, or refuse to take upon him the said Office, or undertaking Penalty on the lame, shall neglect or omit the Execution thereof, or any Part thereof, {or

or shall neglect, omit, or refuse to return the Applotments to be made by him or them as aforesaid, in such Manner, and within such Time as herein-before is mentioned, or shall without reasonable Cause neglect or omit for the Space of Forty eight Hours after being summoned ther-to in Writing, signed by the Mayor of the said City of Londonderry, to appear before the said Mayor and to take the Oath or Affirmation hereinbefore mentioned, or shall neglect or omir, for Twenty Days after the Majority of the Appiotters, appointed pursuant to this Act, shall have taken the Oath or Affirmation, to make the aforesaid Applotments pursuant to this Act, then and in every such Case, every Person lo offending shall forfeit to the said Mayor, Community, and Citizens the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling; and if it shall happen that no such Applotments as herein-before required shall be made by the aforesaid Appiotters, or any Five or more of them, within One Calendar Month after the said Appiotters shall have,

been appointed pursuant to this Act, then and in such Case, each and every of the said Appiotters shall, from the End of the said Month, forfeit to the said Mayor, Community, and Citizens, the further Sum of Forty Shillings for every Day after the Expiration of the said Calendar Month, until the said Applotments shall be made and returned to the Mayor of the said City, according to the Directions of this Act.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Corporation Committee from Time to Time by Warrant under the Hand and Seal ccUector°tnt of the Mayor of the said City for the Time being, which Warrant the levy sum ap-said Mayor is hereby authorized and required to grant, to nominate, con- P,otted> whicl1 stitute, and appoint such Person or Persons as the said Committee shall vewdbyDiU think fit lo be a Collector or Collectors, and to collect and receive the tre(s> etc« several Sums to be made payable by the Applotments before-mentioned, who shall give Security to the Satisfaction of the said Committee for the [Loc. P*r.] 29 N due

26*6

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

due and faithful Execution of his Office; and that such Collector or Collectors shall accordingly collect and receive half-yearly the kveral Sums to be made payable by the said Applotments of and Iron; all Persons liable to pay the fame; and all Persons who shall be charged therewith and shall be 'hereunto liable shall pay such Sum so applotted on them aforesaid, by Two Half-yearly Payments; and if any Person shall neglect or refuse to pay the Sum or bum^ applotred upon them respectively by virtue of this Act for Twenty-one Days after personal Demand thereof by any Collett r Oi Person appoisted to receive the same, or alter Demand in Writing left by such Ci liedor or Person at the Place of Abode or the Place in the Occupation of the Person so liable to pay such Sum or Sums, it shall be lawful for the said Collector or Person so appointed, in the Presence and with the Alfiliaiice of a Constable or Peace Officer to enter into the House or Houses, Yai*d, Ground, or Premises, within the said City, occupied by luvh Person or Pofonsfo chargeable with such Sum or Sums of Money, and to distrain his, her, and their Goods and Chattels; and if such Sum or Sums together with the Cods of such Diflrels, and of keeping the fame, shall not be paid within Ten Days after such Diltrels taken, then to fell lo much and such Part of such Distress as shall be sufficient to pay the said Sum or Sums, with all Colts attending such Diltrels, Detention, and Sale; returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels so distrained and fold; and in case any Replevin shall be brought for the Goods and Chattels so distrained, the Mayor of the said City for the Time being shall and he is hereby empowered and required to llfue a Summons in Writing to all Parties concerned, to hear and determine the Matter in Dispute, whether the same shall depend upon a Claim of Property by a Stranger or otherwise, in the mod speedy and summary Way, by examining Parties and "WitutlTes on Oath, which he is hereby empowered to do, and to award Return of the Goods so distrained, or a Sale thereof for Payment of the said Sum or Sums applotted on the said Person or Persons, unless such Dist eft be forthwith ledecmed; and the Determination of the said Mayor shall be final and conciuiive to all Parties.

Householders

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Tenant, Occupier, or Owner to lay pipes of any Dwelling House or Premises in the said City of Londonderry, or pTea at^theii Suburbs thereof, shall be liable to or shall pay any Rent or Sum wn Eapence. applotted under the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year of His present Majesty's Keig for supplying Water, unless a Main Pipe shall have been laid in the Street, Quay, Lane, or Callage, in or near to which such Dwel-ling-Houses or Premises is or are situated, and that such Tenant, Occupier, or Owner can or may be supplied with Water from such Pipe, if he, she, or they, shall think fit; such Tenant, Occupier, or Owner never-thelefsto provide and lay down at his, her, or their own Expence, a Pipe to convey such Wa er from the said Main Pipe to such Dwelling House and Premises, and the Bore or Ditnension of such Pipe not lo exceed One Inch and 2n Half Diameter, unless such Tenant, Occupier, or Owner shall have agreed to pay for an extra Supply of Water.

To prevent XII. And, to prevent as much as possible the wilful and negligent Waste Wate * of Water, be it further enacted, That each and every Person supplied

with

2627

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

with Water under the said recited Act and this Act shall, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required to provide a proper Cistern or Cisterns, of Lead, Stone, Brick, Wood, or other Materials, to receive and hold such Quantity of Water as shall be by him or them deemed sufficient for his, her, or their Consumption, and he, (he, and they is and are hereby required to provide a Ball and Stop Cock, and to affix or cause to b~ affixed the same to the Pipe conducting the Water from the Main or Service Pipe, to such Cistern or Cisterns for the Purpose of preventing the Water running into such Cistern or Cisterns from running to waste when the same shall be full; and in case any Person or Persons so supplied with Water shall neglect to provide such Cistern or Cisterns, and also a Ball and Stop Cock, and to affix or cause to be affixed the fame in Manner aforesaid, for the Purpose of preventing the Water from running to waste when such Cistern or Cisterns shall be filled as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Mayor of the said City, or any Person or Persons acting by virtue of or under his Authority, to cut and turn off the Water, by such Ways and Means as to him or them shall seem right and proper, from the House,

Building, or other Premises of every such Person, until such Cistern or Cisterns and Ball and Stop Cock shall be provided, and such Ball or Stop Cock added in Manner aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall bathe in any Refer- p()r prevenf-voir, Baton, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, or Pond, made, maintained, ing the dirty, or supported for the Purpose of supplying Water to the said Inhabitants, a"

or shall wash any Dog or other Animal therein, or throw or cast any Dog or Cat, or any Filth, Dirt, or other noisome or offensive Thing, or wash or cleanse any Cloth or any Wool or Leather, or Skins of Sheep, Lambs, or other Animals, or any noisome or offensive Thing, in any such Refer-voir, Bason, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder, or Pond, or cause or suffer the Water of any Sink, Sewer, or Drain, to run or be conveyed into such Reservoir, Bason, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder or Pond, or cause any other Annoyance to be done to the Water contained in any such Reservoir, Bason, Aqueduct, Waterway, Feeder or Pond, whereby or by Means whereof the said Water or any Part thereof shall or may be foiled, fouled, or corrupted, or shall do any wilful Hurt, Injury, or Damage to any of the Pipes, Mains, or other Works, erected or used for the Purposes aforesaid, then and in each and every such Case every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XIV. And whereas the Trade of the City of Londonderry has considerably mcreaied, and it is become necessary to make further Provisions for the Regulation of Pilots, and of the Shipping and Vessels, and the Masters, Owners, and Crews thereof, reforcing to or arriving or plying within the Lough, River, Port, or Harbour of Lcughfoyle , be it therefore enrfted. That the said Mayor, Community, and Citizens in Common Council 2fsembled, shall on the Second Day of November One thousand eight hundred and eight, and on the Second Day of November in each and every subsequent Year, (or in case the Srcond Day of November in any Year frail be on a Sunday, then on the following Day) elect and appoint Seven Wholesale Merchants refidtm in the said City of Londonderry, which said

Seven

On 2d Wo-vember i8oS, and the same Day annually, the Corporation shall appoint Seven Merchants who, with the Members for the City and County, and the Collector of the Customs, shall be a Ballad-Office Committee,

2628

Members of the Committee.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

Seven Merchant?, together with the Members o! Parliament for the City of Londonderry, and for the County of Londonderry, for the Time being, and the Collector of the Customs of the said City for the Time being, shall be and be called The Ball aft Office Committee for the Lcngh and River, Port and Harbour of Lcugbfoyle; and the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, shall, during the Year commencing cn the said Day respectively, have full Power to carry into Execution all the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act of the Fortieth Year of His Majesty's Reign, so far as the fame relates to Pilots, and also to carry into Execution all the Powers and Provisions of this prefect Act relating to Pilots, Navigation, Shipping, and Vessels, and the Matters, Crews, and Owners thereof, in Manner herein after mentioned.

XV. And be it further enacted, That every Member of the said Ballast Office Committee shall before acting as a Member of the said Committee in the Execution of this Act, take and subscribe an Oath or Affirmation before the Mayor or the Recorder of the said City, (which Oath or Affirmation any Magistrate of the City of Londonderry is hereby empowered to administer) in the Words following that is to say,

I A.B. do swear. That I will diligently, faithfully, and impartially

A execute the Powers vetted in me by an Act made in the Forty-eighth ‘ Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, a'n Act [Here insert < the Title of this Act] to the best of my Skill and Judgement

And any Member of the said Ballast Office Committee who shall act in the Execution of this Act without taking and subseriffing such' Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling.

if annual

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case it shall at any

Election not Time happen that the.Election or Appointment of Seven Merchants by the MemberTmay said Mayor, Community, and Citizens shall not take place in any Year on continue to the Day and in Manner herein-before mentioned, it shall and may be lawful act‘ for the Merchants who shall have been duly elected and appointed, and who shall be acting as Members of the said B llatt-Office Committee at the Time when such Election or Appointment ought to take place, to continue to acc as such Members, together with the other Members of the said Committee, without any further or other Election whatever, for the then succeeding Year, as if they had been elected to the said Office for such Year unde: the Provisions of this Act; and that in case any Vacancy shall happen in such Committee in the course of any Year, by the Death of any Member or Members so elected, an Electioft of a Member or Members to fill such Vacancy shall be made within One Month; and the surviving Members of the said Committee, not being less than Five in Number, shall be competent to act until such Vacancy shall be supplied.

Committee

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Ballast-Office Committee shall appoint shall hold their First Meeting in every Year on some Day between the and Secretary Second Day of November and ther Fttt Day of December, and shall at such who shall First Meeting appoint a Pilot-Matter for the Year ensuing, who shall also *mt the 5 be

48° GEORGII III. Cty.136. 2629

be and ad as Secretary to the said Committee, and shall be removable at

their Pleasure; and such Pilot-Master and Secretary shall receive from the the com-said Committee an Annual Salary, not exceeding the Sum of Fifty nrittee. Pounds, out of the additional Tonnage Duties payable under this Act, and shall giveSecurity to the Satisfaction of the said Committee for the faithful Discharge of his Duty under this Act; and the said Pilot-Master shall from Time to Time visit and inspect the said Lough and River, Port and Harbour, and shall, whenever thereto required by the said Committee, make a Report in Writing to the said Commitcee upon the State of the fame, and of all Matters and Things relating to the Pilotage and Navigation thereof and on all other Matters and Things on which he shall be directed by the said Committee to make any Enquiry or Report, from Time to Time, as to the said Committee shall fecm fitting and expedient.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of vaet^r3L"yV'^ December One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Owner or Owners foyiebiha°l?8bc of cverv Smack, Lighter, Gabbard, Barge, Wherry, Float, Cot, Boat, annually

or other Vessel whatever, which shall be used or employed, or shall ply pay^Sum not for hire within the Lough or River, Port or Harbour of Loughfoyle, for the exceeding *1. Purpose of loading or unloading of any Ship or Vessel being within the said Lough, River, Port, and Harbour, or for the Conveyance of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize or Passengers from one Part of the said Lough, River, Port, or Harbour, to another, shall from Time to Time pay to the said Ballast Office Committee an Annual Sum not exceeding in any Case the Sum of Two Pounds for a Licence for each such Smack,

Lighter, Gabbard, Barge, Wherry, Float, Cot, Boar, or other Vessel, according to such Bye Laws, Rules, and Regulations, and subjr'd to such Penalties, as the said Committee shall make, direct, and order according to the Provisions of this Act: Provided always, that all such Licences shall from Time to Time be annually granted under the Hand and Seal of the Mayor of the said City of Londonderry, on a Certificate from the said Committee, or their Secretary, that the Licence Duty made payable-by virtue of this Act has been duly paid and satisfied.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Ballast Office Committee, Corporation or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time have full Power and £aymake i*ye Authority, and they are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to !ateThe°Nav:-' make Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders for the cleansing and improving of gation, Barge-the said Lough and River, Port and Harbour of Loughfoyle, and for the ^’PUot,» fixing and placing of proper Buoys and Marks therein, and for the

using of any Docks connected therewith, under the Direction of the said Ballast Office Committee, and for the good and orderly using of the Navigation of the said River Loughfoyle, and for regulating the Manner of supplying, lifting, receiving, taking in and throwing ouc of Ballast, and the Rates and Prices thereof, and all Matters and Things relating thereto, and for the Licensing and registering of all such Boats, Barges, Lighters and other Vessels, which shall be employed, and for the well-governing, of the Boatmen and Bargemen, Lightermen, Watermen, Seamen, and others, by whom such Boats, Barges, Lighters, Smacks, Gabbards, Wher. ries, Floats, Cots, and other Vc-flels shall be employed, in conveying or carrying Goods, Wares, Commodities, Merchandize, or Things, upon ILocMPer.l 29 0 Zy

2630

4$° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

any Part of the said River or Lough; and for the ascertairing, ordering* and regulating the several Rates, Fares and Prices, to be paid for the Freight, Use, Hire, or Employment of such Boats, Barges, Lighters, Smacks, Gabbards, Wherries, Floats, Cots, and Vessels, and of the Watermen, Lightermen, Matters and Owners thereof, and other Persons concerned in the Navigation thereof, or for the Use of any such Docks as aforesaid and for the ascertaining and regulating the Rates of Pilotage upon and within the said Longh and River, Port and Harbour, and for the Licensing, Management, and Government of Pilots there, who shall be appointed in pursuance of this Act, and in all Matters and Things relating to Pilotage upon the said Lough and River; and to impose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons offending against such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, or any of them, as to the said Ballast Office Committee shall seem meet, not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds on any one Person for any one Offence; which said Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, being put into Writing and signed by any Five of the said Ballast Office Committee and their Seerecary, shall be binding on, and shall be observed by all Persons, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the fame: Provided always, that no such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, or any Alteration thereof, be repugnant to any Law or Statute of that Part of the United Kingdom called Ireland, or any Thing in this Act contained; and all such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, and any Alteration thereof, shall be subject to Appeal in Manner herein-after mentioned.

ByeLaws, etc.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all Rules, Bye Laws, Orders, and to be entered Proceedings of the said Ballast Office Committee, in the Execution of in a Book. this Act, shall be fairly entered in a Bouk or Books to be kept for that Purpos'e; and such Rules, Bye Laws, Orders, and Proceedings, when entered, shall be signed by Five of the said Committee and their Secretary, who are hereby required to set their Names thereto; and the said Rules, Bye Law*, Orders; and Proceedings, so to be entered, signed, and authenticated, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in ail Cafes of Appeals, Suits, Actions, or other Proceedings, touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

Copies of Bye-

XXI. And be it further enacted, That Copies of all such Bye Laws, Laws to be Rules, Orders, and Regulations as shall be so made as aforesaid, shall be r'fi15 UPh" r written, printed or painted in large Characters, with the Name of the a ora ou e. gecretary to the said Ballast Office Committee affixed thereto, and shall be fixed or hung up in some public or conspicuous Place in the Custom House, and in the Office of the Mayor and of the Collector of the Customs of the said City of Londonderry.

Name of the XXII. And, for the better regulating of the Matters of Boats, Barges*

Mailers and Lighters, or other Vessels, and the Boatmen, Bargemen, or others era-Nu£*Snt<S pt°yed by or under them respectively, passing on and navigating the said ©n Vessels. Lough and River, Port and Harbour of Loughfoyle, be it further enacted, That every Owner, Mailer, or Person having the Rule or Command of any Boat, Barge, Lighter, Smack, Gabbard, Wherry, Float, Cot, or

other

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 263T

other Vessel (except Pleasure Boats) navigating or patting in, on, or within the said Lough or River, Port or Harbour, shall cause his Name and Place of Abode, and the progressive Number of his Boat, Barge, Lighter, S.mack,

Gabbard, Wherry, Float, Cot, or other Vessel as aforesaid, to be from Time to Time painted in large legible Characters or Letters One Inch long at the least, on feme conspicuous Part of each of the Outsides of every such Vessel higher than the same shall fink into the Water when fully laden; and shall also in like Manner, cause to be painted on the of Toa

Outside of each such Vessel certain Lines or Marks, with Figures over each Line or Mark, to denote the Number of Tons Burthen which each such Vessel contains when the fame is sunk in the Water to the Depth of such Line or Mark; and shall cause to be pur, made, renewed, and continually kept on all such Vessels all such Marks in Paint or otherwise, and under such Regulations as the said Ballad Office Committee shall by any Bye Law or Bye Laws from Time to Time direct and appoint, so that the true Name, Place of Abode, Number and Burthen belonging to every such Vessel as aforesaid may at all Times clearly appear and be ascertained'; and every Owner, Mader, or other Person, having the Rule or Command of any Vessel as aforesaid, who shall refule or neglect to put and renew as often, as necessary, his Name and Place of Abode, or the progressive Number of his Vessel or Vessels, or any Lines, Marks, or Figures, herein-before directed or which shall be directed by any such Bye Law on such Vessel in Manner aforesaid, or shall deface, erase, or destroy any Name, or any Letter, Mark, Line or Figure,describing the Number of such Vessel, and the Tonnage therein as aforesaid, shall for every such Offence respectively forfeit and pay to the Use of the said Ballad Office Committee any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fird Day of Vessels lwiga-December next after the passing of this Act, all Vessels trading to or from Loughfoyl^to the Port and Harbour of Londonderry shall be conducted, piloted, and be conduced navigated by Pilots annually authorized and licensed by the Mayor of ^dP,1^'tsh!^cen" the said City of Londonderry, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal: Corporation. Provided always, that no such Licence shall be granted, except upon the Certificate of the said Ballad Office Committee, or any Five of them, and

their Pilot Mader and Secretary, that the Person requiring such Licence is a fit and proper Person to be so licensed as a Pilot, nor unless such Person shall have paid to the Use of the said Committee a Sum not exceeding One Pound, the Payment whereof shall be certified to the said Mayor by the Secretary of the said Committee; and the Mader, Owner or Owners of every such Ship or Vessel which shall be navigated within the Limits aforesaid, without a Pilot licensed as aforesaid, shall forfeit Treble the Sum which would have been demandable for the Pilotage of such Ship or Vessel, together with Five Pounds for every fifty Tons Burthen of such Ship or Vessel.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Persons shall take charge of Penal( on any Vessel or in any Manner act as a Pilot, or receive any Com- PeHoZ acting pensation for aiding as a Pilot within the Limits aforesaid, unless as Kiot» with-authorized by Licence by virtue of this Act; and no such Pilot shall act licensed"5 without having his Licence at the Time of his so acting in his Personal

4 Custody

*6^2

Not to exterd to Cafes where

Di ft id's.

Exemption in Cafes where no Pilot can be procured.

Licensed Persons may fu-perfede unlicensed Persons.

Penalty on Pilots refusing to take charge

than the Pilots Rate, or not complecing

Tonnage Du> ties made payable to the Ballali Office Committee.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. is6.

Custody, ready to be produced, which shall actually be produced to any Person who shall lawfully require to fee the fame, on pain of forfeiting 3 Sum not exceeding Two Pounds.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall nef extend, or be construed to extend, to hinder any Person or Persons from assisting any Ship or Vessel in Distress, or subject such Person or Persons, or the Owner or Matter of any Ship or Vessel employing such Persons in the Limits aforesaid, to the Penalties of this Act; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to subject to any Penalty, any Owner or Captain or Master of any Ship or Vessel who shall employ any Person, or aft himself as a Pilot for the Conduct of his Ship or Vessel in any Case where a licensed Pilot cannot be procured.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any licensed Pilot to supersede any Person not licensed as a Pilot in the Charge of any Ship or Vessel within the Limits aforesaid; and every Master who shall within the Limits aforesaid continue any Person not licensed as herein-before mentioned, after any Pilot licensed as aforesaid to act within the said Limits shall have offered to take charge of such Ship or Vessel, and every Person assuming or continuing in the Charge or Conduct of any Ship or Vessel within the Limits aforesaid without being duly licensed as herein-before mentioned, after any other Pilot licensed as aforesaid shall have offered to take charge thereof, shall respectively forfeit for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Ten pounds.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Pilot licensed under this Act who shall refuse to take charge of any Ship or Vessel, or who shall exact any Fee or Reward beyond the established Rates of Pilotage, or who shall quit any Ship or Vessel, or decline the Pilotage thereof, after he shall have been engaged or gone alongside thereof, without Leave of the Owner, Master, Captain, or Person having the chief Command of such Ship or Vessel, or before the Service shall have been performed for which he was hired, or shall, by Drunkenness, render himself incapable of con-dufting such Ship or Vessel, or shall negligently, ignorantly, or wilfully run such Ship or Vessel on Shore, or shall by Mifdireftion or otherwise do any Injury to the fame, or to the Tackle or Furniture thereof, or shall lend his Licence or Warrant to any unlicenled Person to enable or assist him in acting or claiming to act as a licensed Pilot, shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, and shall be liable to be dismissed from being a Pilot, at the Discretion of the said Ballast Office Committee.

XXIX. And whereas it is expedient to provide a Fund for carrying into Effect the Purposes of this Act, so far as the fame relates to the Powers, and Duties of the said Ballast Office Committee j be it therefore enacted,

That

2633

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

That from and after the First Day of December One thousand eight hundred and eight, there shall be paid and payable to the said Bdlall Office Committee by the Mailer or Ow..er of every Ship or Vessel arriving in the Lough or River, Port or Harbour of Loughfoyle, to the Lid Ballad Office Committee for the Time being, or to such Person or Persons, for the Use of the said Committee, as shall b* duly authorized by the said Committee to receive the same, the following Ra es and Duties and Sums of Money, over and above all Other-Rates and Duties, and Sum and Sums of Money now payable by any such Matters or Owners; that is to say.

For every Foreign Ship or Vessel, or such as shall not belong to any of His Majesty's Subjects of the United Kingdom of Great Britain ana Ireland, or in ihe Plantations, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence for every Ton of the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel:

And for every Ship or Vessel which shall belong to any of His Majesty's Subjedh in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland or the Plantations, (Ships and other Vdfels belonging to or employed in the Service of His Majesty, as also those laden with Coals only, ana Loaders, excepted) a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Three Pence for every Ton of the Burthen of such Ship or VessTel:

And for every Ship or Vessel arriving in the said Harbour laden with Coals, and every Coaster, (that is to say), every Ship or Vessel arriving and trading from any Port of I eland to Londonderry, a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two Pence for every Ton Burthen of such Ship or Vessel:

Ships or Vth'eis aniving in Ballad always excepted.

The said several and respective Rates and Duties to be paid on every Voyage which such Ship or Vessel efpedlively shall make to the said Harbour of Londonderry,

XXX. And, to the End that the said respective Duties due and payable as Ships'll not aforesaid may be more effectually paid and levied, be it enacted, That it

shall not be lawful to and for the Officers of His Majesty's Custom House Duty paid, in the said City of Londonderry to clear and discharge ary Ship or Vessll outward bound, or to permit any Ship or Vessel outward bound to fail until the Commander or Mailer thereof shall have brought and pro uied to the said Officer a Discharge from the said Ballast Office Committre, or the Person appointed by them to receive the said Tonnage Duty certifying that the Tonnage Duty payable under this Act has been paid in rtipeft of such Ship or Vessel; which Certificate shall be granted on Payment of such Duty without Fee or Reward, Fraud or Delay.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Licence Duries and Tonnage Licence Duty, Dunes granted and made payable under this Act, and all Fines and Penahies made payable to the said Ballast Office Committee under this Act, St’ in shall from Time to Time be vested in the Lid Commiitee, and shall be Commttce employed by the said Committee in and towards such of the Purposi s of f"Vshufth!a this Act as relate to the Lough and River Port and Harbour of Loughfoyle, 'S ° " and such other Matters as by this Act are placed under the Direction and Aa‘ Management of the said Committee.

2634- 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

fh°inafccrC

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Ballast Offie Committee tai» H i cs and shall once at lead in every Year between the Second Day of November and nuaiiy* 3&c. l^e °* Deetti&ir* and as much opener as they shall from Tune

anH afiix to Time think expedient, ascertain the several Rates, Prices, Fares, and atA?»e8CuftSm ^ums Money to Pa>d to any Person or Persons for the supplying, House. lifting, receiving, taking in or throwing out of Ballad; or for the Frcigtir,

TJfe, Hire, or Employment of Boats, Barges, Lighters, and Vessels, and of the Lightermen and Persons employed therein, and for the Pilotage of Ships and Vefieh; and also the Sums of Money to be paid to the said Committee by virtue of this Act, in respect of the Tonnage of Ships and Vessels arriving in the said Harbour, or for the Licences of Ships, Boats, and Vessels used or employed or plying for Hire there as aforesaid j and shall cause Tables of all the said Rates, Prices, F.>res, and Sums of Money and Tonnage and Licence Duties to be drawn up and made, with the Name of the Pilot Matter and Secretary to the said Committee affixed thereto , and Copits thereof, printed or painted, to be fixed or hung up from Time to Time and to be continually kept so affixed or hung up at the Custom House, as also at the Office of the Mayor and the Office of Collector of the Customs of the said City of Londonderry; and it shall be lawful for the said Ballast Office Committee from Time to Time to reduce all or any such Rates, giving Notice of all such Alterations, in like Manner, by Tables made and affixed or hung up as aforesaid, and so as such Rates and Sums of Money shall not exceed the Sums respectively specified in this Act, in Cafes where any such Sum is so specified.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said BallaftOffice Committe# shall and may from Time to Time appoint some Person to be a Treasurer, and some Person to be a Collector of the several Rates and Duties, Sum and Sums of Money payable to the Use of the said Committee under and by virtue of this Act, and that such Treasurer and Collector respectively shall give such Security as the said Committee shall require} and that it shall be lawful for the said Committee to pay the said Treasurer and Collector such Salary and Allowance as they shall think proper, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound on the Money collected and received for the said Committee; and that the said Committee shall once in every Year, between the First Day of October and the First Day of November, make out a true Account of all Rate? and Duties and other Sum or Sums of Money received by them in the preceding Year, and of all Disbursements thereout and Application thereof in the Payment of Salaries, and in other Expences pursuant to this Act, with a Statement of the Balance, if any, then in the Hands of the said Committee or their Treasurer; and the said Account shall be signed by the said Treasurer of the said Committee, and by him delivered to the Mayor of the said City on or before the First Day of November in each Year, who shall lay the lame before the nexr Common Council; and the same shall be printed and distributed by and at the Expence of the said Corporation.

XXXIV. And, in order to enable the said Ballast Office Committee to givedueand sufficientEncouragementto Persons acting asPilots to be active nnnated and diligent in their Duties as such, be it enacted, 'That it shall and may Viiouj i*c. be lawful to and for the said Ballast Office Committee to appoint any

yearly

Committes shall appoint a Treasurer and Collector, and shall annually lay

counts before the Corporation, Sec.

CotnmUfee may grant

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 136. 2635

yearly Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such superannuated or sickly Pilots as they shall think proper, and to the Widow or Widows of any Pilot or Pilots who shall have been drowned or loft in the Discharge of his or their Duty as such, under this Act: Provided, that all such Sums together shall not exceed in the Whole the Sum of Thirty Pounds in any one Year; and also from Time to Time to grant and pay any Pilot or Pilots any Sum or Sums of Money which the Paid Committee may think such.

Pilot or Pilots may deserve, for any extraordinary Service performed by them not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling; and all such Sums shall be paid out of the Payments, Rates, Duties, and Revenues which shall arise and be payable to the said Committee under this Act.

XXXV. And whereas it is requisiteto securea sufficientDepth of Water To prevent at the Front of the Quays in the said Port and Harbour of Londonderry, and Frances by that for that Purpose the River should have a free FluxandRefluxalong the Erection of Paid Quays without being obstructed; be it therefore enacted, That it shall Qyay5>&c» not be lawful for any Person or Persons to erect, build, or construct any

Wharf, Quay, Store-house, Wall, Building, or Work of any Kind or Sort whatsoever, which shall project into the River FoyHe further than or beyond the Front Line or Breast of the present Ship Quays now on the Side of the Paid River; and that it shall and may be lawful to and fur the Mayor and Sheriffs of the Paid City of Londonderry for the Time being, to remove and abate all such Erections, Buildings, and Construction?, as Encroachments and Nuifar.ces, by delivering an Order in Writing to the respective Tenants, Occupiers, or Owners oi any Wharf, Quay, Storehouse, Wall,

Building, Work, or other Ercftion or Construction, fetttng forth and directing in what Manner fu h Encroachment or Nuisance shall be reflectively altered, fee hack, removed, or abated; and in case the Person to whom such Order shall be directed and delivered shall refuse or neglect to comply with such Order, and to alter, let back, remove, or abate such Nuisance or Encroachment within the Space of Thirty-one Days after such Order as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Mayor or Sheriffs of the Paid City to employ Workmen, and to alter, let back, remove, or abate every such Encroachment or Nuisance, and to compel the Paid Tenants, Occupiets, or Owners to pay all the Charges thereof by Distress and Sale of their Goods and Chattels, to be levied determined by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Mayor of the said City for the Time being.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several Penalties by this Act Penalties remade payable to the kid Mayor, Community, and Citizens, shall be paid ^for^One to the Chamberlain of ihesaid City for the Use of the Paid Mayor. Com- Magi ft rate by munity and Citizens, and shall be applied for the Improvement of the Paid gjj1/

City in such Manner as they shall think proper, and that the Penalties by Default im-this Act made payable to the said Ballast Office Committee, and also ail Pn onment* Penalties which shall be imposed by any Bye Law of the said Committee, to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid to the Tnafurer of the said Comm.tcee, and shall be by them applied to such Purpos s of this Act as are placed under the Controul a'nd Management of the said Committee, and that all the said Penalties shall and may be recovered in a summary V\ ay before any one Magistrate of the said City, on Proof being made on

Oath

1636

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

Oath after one Summons to the Party oft&ding, and shall be levied oy Did refs and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Magistrafle, unl<*!s such Penalty be paid in Ten Days after such Distress shall be taken, and the Overplus, it any, after all Charges being deducted, shall be paid to the Owner, and in case no luffi-cieut Distress can or may be had to answer the said Penal.ies Tefpecrively, the Person or Persons who shall have incurred the lame shall by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any fuefy Magi (Irate, be committed to the Common Gaol of the Paid City, there to be kept for any Time not exceeding Two Months, nor less than Fourteen Days, at the Discretion of such Magistrate, according to the Natu e of such Offence and the Amount of the pecuniary Penalty.

Proceedings

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That noOrder or other Proceeding to not to be va- be made or had by or before any Magistrate, or to be otherwise made or had oTporm*or3"* pursuance of this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form removed by only, or be removed by Certiorari intp any of His Majesty's Courts of Certiorari. Record in Ireland; and that where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser on Account of any Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Partic-s distraining he deemed a 1 respasser or Trespassers ab initio, on Account of any Irre ulariiy which shall he afterwards comm.tied by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

Persons a*.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be further enacted, That all and every grieve dir, *y a p- person and Persons who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved " by any Order or Judgment made or given in pursuance of any Rule Bye Law, or Order of the said Bdlaft Office Committee, or by the Order or Determination of any Magistrate (whe.e such Order or Determination is not declared to be final) may, within Two Calendar Months after such Order shall have been made or given, complain to the Justices of the Peace at their next General Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the City and Liberties of Londonderry, and not elsewhere, who shall in a fuminary Way either hear or determine the Laid Complaint, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Sections of the Peace to be holden for the said City and Liberties; arid if they fee Cause may mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may order any Money to be returned which final! have been levied in pursuance of such Rgle, Bye Law, Order or Determination.

Jurisiliation Of

XXXIX. And whereas it will be of great Use and Advantage to the Inh-abi-court of Con- tants of the City and Liberties of the Cjty oi Londonderry that the Jurisdiction tended fcm °I Oourt Coiffcieitce held before the Mayor or Recorder of the said »cs. to 405. City for determining causes in a summary Way in Debts between Party and Party should be extended to the Amount of Forty Shilling, be it therefore further enabled, That from and after the First Day of September 7 One

2637

»Ta

'bill

Hint

®n«

bta»

iti tat

Aflti wlaJ tf Form wts of for any

Jifca

ajtbe

d-

tia’iij, id may to dii

e*try

tiered: Bit !er or ioaii

of m

si lot in 1

rkey

trial

jidif

®af

jaoce

fati'

Jio«

fail

W

; It

ilf

y*

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

One thousand eight hurdred and eight, the Mayor of the City of Londonderry aforesaid for the Time being, or the Recorder of the said City for the i'imr being, thall have full Power and Authority to hear and finally determine, in a summary Way, CaufVs in all Debts between Party and Party not exceeding in the Amount the Value of Forty Shillings within the said City and Liberties respectively, with all such Powers, Privileges,

Authority, and Jurilbidion, as the said Mayor or Recorder have heretofore used and exercised in causesnot exceeding Ten Shillings.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no DcCree, Exe- ximeof cation, or Commitment shall take place or be made or executed unhfs Cjuumtracnt. the Party complained of ff all have been duly summoned, and that no Person shall be imprisonrd or confined by virtue of any Warrant, Commitment, or Execution by the Mayor or Recorder of the said City under such Authority or Jurisdiction, in the said Court of Conscience, for any Debt not exceeding in the Whole Twenty Shillings longer than for the Space of J wenty Days, to be computed from the Day of such Commitment j and that no Person shall be imprisoned or confined by the Authority aforesaid ter any Debt exceeding Twenty Shillings and not exceeding F rty Shillings, longer than for the Space of Forty Days, to be computed as above; and that from and after the respectiveDeterminations of such Imprisonmer ts or Confinements the Debt or Debts for which such Perl rf or Persons fha 1 have bjen so imptifoned or confined, shall be totally dtfcbaiged to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Debt< r or Debtors had actually paid the fame; and the Person or Persons so or,fined shall be immediately liberated on the Exjiration of such respective Confinements without paying any Sum or Sums of Money, Fee or Fees, or other Reward or Gratuity, to the Keeper or Keepers, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the Gaol or Prison, or others, by way of Gaol Tees or Discharge Fees, oron any other Pretence whar-soever; and if any Keeper or Keeners, Turnkey or Turnkeys of the said Gaol or Prison, or any other Person whomsoever, shall demand, lake, or receive any Fee or Fees, Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, upon the D scha ge of any such Person or Persons so committed to his or th-ir Charge or Custody as aforesaid, or shall keep or detain any such Person or Persons a Prisoner or Prisoners after the Time by ti.is Ad limited for hi<, her, or their Imprisonment, every such Keeper, Turnkey, and other Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Five Pounds.

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit Limitation of shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done Actions, in pursuance of this Act, after Six Calendar Months next after the Fad committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the said City, and not elsewhere j and if any such Action ot Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, ot if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be non-suited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment [Luc. & Per.'] *29 SI shall

2638

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 136.

shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

[Public Act.]

XLII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and ochers, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Primed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. t8o8.

it 01

flit

GEORGII III. REGIS.

ic- 3tf* *iiMHf*->IH*'>*

Cap. 157.

An Act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the Borough of CclcheJIer, in the County of Essex.

[23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Inhabitants of the several Parishes or Townships of All Saints, Saint Botolph, Saint Giles, Saint Janrs, Saint Leonard, Saint Martin, Saint Mary's at the IValls, Saint Mary Magdalen, Saint Nicholas, Saint Peter, Saint Runwald, Lexden, and The Holy Trinity, within the Borough of Colchester, are desirous to have a Supply of good and whnlefome Spring Water for domestic Purposes: And whereas the said Parishes are very populous, and the Number of Houses and Buildings within the same are veryfcnumerous, and in Cafes of Accident by Fire the Inhabitants thereof might be exposed to the most calamitous Lodes for want of a sufficient Supply cf Water, which would also greatlycontribute to the Health. Comfort, and Convenience of the said Inhabitants: And whereas the erecting and making of proper and suitable Waterworks, Aqueducts, and Reservoirs, in some or one of the Parishes of Saint Peter, Saint Mary, and Lexden, within the Borough of Cokheiler aforesaid, for supplying the Inhabitants of the aforesaid Parishes with Water, would tend to promote the beneficial Purposes before-mentioned And whereas the several Personsherein-after named are willing and desirous at their own Fxptnce to erect and make fuel* Waterworks, Aque-[Loc. Ss’JPe*/’.] 29 Q duels.

2638

Proprietors,

Their Style.

Company may themselves*

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. in.

dufls, Eefervoirs, and other Works, as may be requisite and necessary for the Purposes aforesaid; but cannot effect the fame without the Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That James Crowley, Ralph Dodd, George Dodd, Samuel Denton, Richard Hill, Thomas William Hodgson, John James Mackrill, and William Sutton, together with such other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, as they or the major Part of them, present at any General or Special General Assembly, to be holden for the Purposes of this ASt, shall nominate and appoint, and their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns being a Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the Undertaking to be executed by this Act, shall be and they are hereby accordingly united into a Company for the making, completing, and maintaining the said Waterworks, Aquedufls, Kefervoirs, and other Works necessary for the Purposes of this Act, hereby authorized to be made, according to the Rules, Orders, and Directions, hereinafter expressed, and shall for that Purpose be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of " The Company of Proprietors of the Colch jler " Waterworks," and by that Name shall have a perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued, and flrall also have full Power to purchase Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to them, their Successors and Assigns, for the Use of the said Undertaking, without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statute of Mortmain.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute amongst; themselves, ill such Proportions as they shall think proper, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds (except as herein-after mentioned); which said Sum of Money shall be laid out and applied, in the first Place, in discharging the Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and of the Surveys, Plans, and Estimates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto, and then for and towards the making, completing, and maintaining the said Reservoirs and Aqueduds, and other requisite Works and Conveniences thereto, and for otherwise carrying the several Purposes of this Act into Execution; and the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds shall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pound; each; and that no Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Pe son, becoming a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, shall be possessed of or interested in more than Twenty Shares, either in his own Name, or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons in Trust for them, him, or her, (unless the same shall come to them, him, or her, by Will, Bequell, Delcent, Right of Administration, or Martiage), and such Shares shall be and ate hereby vested in the several Persons and B idies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, so subscril g and contributing to the fame, and their several and respective ..xecutors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, and to their a; J every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportionably to the Sum . they Dial! Severally raise and contribute; and ail Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever, their several and respective Successors.

.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 137. 2639

c (Tors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall severally subscribe for one or more Share or Shares, or such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be called for or demanded by virtue of this Act, for carrying on and completing the said Undertaking, shall be entitled to and receive the entire and net Distribution of an equal proportionable Pa t, according to the Money so by them respectively paid of the Profits and Advantages that shall and may arise and accrue by the Rates and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by the said Company of Proprietors, by the Authority of this Act; and every Body Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and Person, having such Property in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the fame, in Manner herein directed.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Shares and Pro- sh.y« robe portions of and in the said Undertaking, or the Joint Stock or Fund of £stra°c"a the said Company of Proprietors, shall be deemed Personal Efface, and transmissible as such, and not of the Nature of Real Property.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First: Day proprietor* of June next ensuing, no Proprietor shall be deemed qualified to

to vote, who has not possessed his Share or Shares, and been entered in pr.ireflid of the Books of the said Company as the Possessor and Proprietor of such Share theil _SJJary or Shares, for the Space of One Calendar Month; and that any Pro-

"prietor voting at any General or Special Meeting of the Proprietors, who

has not possessed his Share or Shares for the said Space of One Month shall be subject and liable to forfeit his said Share or Shares to the Use of the said Company: Provided also, that no Proprietor shall be entitled to vote for any Share or Shares, unless he poiTefles the fame bond fide and in his own Right, and not as the Right or Property of any other Person whomsoever, upon Pain of forfeiting the said Share or Shares to the Use of the said Company.

V. And be it further enacted, That every Body Politic, Corporate, or Col- subfcirocr* to legiate, and every Person who shall by virtue of this Act have subscribed or have a Vote undertaken for One Share in the said Undertaking, his, her, or their respect S,rareeve!>u* not tive Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns shall have a Vote to exceed »o for every such Share, but not exceeding Twenty Votes in the "Whole, 111 tile Whole* although possessed of more than Twenty Shares in Manner aforesaid, in the Rated and Special General Assemblies, to be held as herein appointed for carrying on the said Undertaking; which Vote or Votes may be given by them, him, or her, or by their, his, or her Proxies or Proxy consti- Jv (!J?y tuted under the Seal of such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or rruxy. the Hand of such other Person, every such Proxy being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and every such Vote by Proxy shall be as good and sufficienc to all Intents and Purposes as if such Principal had voted in Person; and every Question, Matter, or Thing which shall be proposed, difeuffed, or considered in any (rated or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors shall be determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then present, computing One Vote to every Share:

Provided nevertheless, that no Person shall vote for more than Twenty Shares as aforesaid, or shall act as Proxy for more than Two absenc Proprietors, such Votes by Proxy or Proxies in the Whole not to exceed

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 230.

coed Forty Votes or Shares, the Appointment of which Proxies itizy be made according to the Form following; (that is to say),

‘ T A B. of one of the Proprietors of the Colchester

‘ Water Works do hereby nominate, constitute, and appoint C. D.

of m be my Proxy, in my Name and in my Ab-

‘ fence to vote or give my Assent or DiflVnt to any Business. Matter, or c Thing relating to the said Water Works, that shall be mentioned or

proposed at any Assembly of the Company of Proprietors of the said c Water Works, in such Manner as he the said C.D. shall think proper, ‘ according to his Opinion and Judgment, for the Benefit of the said

Water Works, or any Thing appertaining thereto. In Witness where-

i of I have hereunto set my Hand [or Seal] the ‘ Day of .*

And at every General Assembly of the Company of Proprietors, One of the Proprietors present shall be appointed Chairman, and shall not only vote as a Proprietor or Proxy, but in case of an Equality of Votes, snail have the decisive or calling Vote.

row'r to rane

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money herein-before an.ong them, authorized to be raised shall be found insufficient for the making, com-SumIfnece? pleating, and maintaining of the said Relervoirs and Aqueducts, and Ary} other the Works hereby author zed to be made, and all necessary Charges

and Expences relating thereto, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for1 the said Company of Prop ietors to raise and contribute among!! themselves in Manner and Form aforesaid, and in such Shares and Proportions as to them shall seem-meet, or to raise by the Admission of new Subscribers any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, and every Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or other Person being a Subscriber towards raising such further or other Sum of Money, shall be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote by themselves, Limfelf, or herself, in respect of every One hundred Pounds of the said additional Sum to be raised (but not exceeding Twenty Votes in the Whole) and Hand interested in all the Profits of the said Undertaking, in proportion to the Sum they, he, or she shall or may subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed for and raised had originally been Part of the herein full-mentioned Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

To raise Mo-

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said Com-ncyby way of pany of Proprietors shall be dehrous of raising the said additional Sum Mort£?.gt. Five thousand Pounds or any Parc thereof, by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, it shall be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprier tors, to borrow and take up at Interest all or any Part of the said additional Sum of Five thousand Pounds on the Credit of the said Undertaking, and to assign the Property of the said Undertaking, and the Sums of Money arising or to arii'e to the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof (the Costs and Charges of assigning the same to be paid out of such Sums of Money) as a Security for any Sum

or

0640

264*

48° GEORGII III. Cup.»37.

or Sams of Money so to be borrowed with Interest to such Person ro Persons, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance the fame; all which said Assignments shall be made under the Common Seal of the fold Company of Proprietors, in the Form or to the Effect following j (that is to say,) c T5Y virtue of an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of Mortgage; King George the Third, intituled, An Act [heremfert the Titles/this A£f\t we the Company of Proprietors of the said Undertaking incor-e porated by and under the Paid Ad, in Confederation of the Sum of e to us, in Hand paid by A.B. of

c do hereby bargain, fell, and assign unto the said

t A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the said Under-

taking, and all the Works thereto belonging, and all and singular the

« Sums of Money arising and payable to us for Water by virtue of t the said Act, and all our Estate, Right, Title, and Intereil of, in, and , to the fame, to hold unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, c and Assigns, until the said Sum of with Interest

for the fame after the Rate of per Centum per Annum,

shall be fully paid and satisfied. Given under our Common Seal, this

t Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight

« hundred and .*

And all Persons to whom such Alignments shall be made shall be equally entitled one with the other to their Proportion of the said Sums and Pre-inifes, according to the respective Sums in such Alignments mentioned, to be advanced without any Preference, by reason of the Priority of any such Alignments, or on any other Account; and a Memorial of every such Alignment containing the Date, Name or Names, Addition or Additions, of the Person or Persons to whom made, the Sum of Money borrowed, and Rate of Interest, shall within Twenty Days from the Date of every such Alignment be entered in one or more Book or Books, to be kept by the Clerk of the said Company, and shall and may be perused at all reasonable Times by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the said Undertaking* and any other Person interested therein, without Fee or Reward; and the Person or Persons to whom any such Alignment shall which Mort-be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money due thereon, fjf Ved* be shall rnd may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right or In-tcrclt therein, to any Person or Persons by Writing under his, her, or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals; which Transfer shall and may be in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

1 A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum of , paid by C.D. of

c do hereby transfer a certain Mortgage made by the Company of Pro-

ptietors of 48 The Colchester Waterworks" to , bearing

e Date the Day of , for securing the Sum

‘of , and all Interest now due and to become due thereon,

and all my Right and Property therein to the said C.D. his Executors, 4 Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day of

in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

Term of Alignment}

And every such Transfer shall within Twenty Days after the Date thereof be produced to the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, w o 1Lot. 6? Per.'] 29 R shall

264.2 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

shall caafe a Memorial to be made thereof in like Manner as of the original Mortgages or Alignments, for which Memorial the said Clerk shall be paid such Sum as the said Company of Proprietors shall appoint, nor exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence; and every such Entry made of such Transfer shall from thenceforth entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the full Benefit of the original Mortgage, and it shall not from thenceforth be in the Power of any Person or Personi', who shall have made any such Assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the original Mortgage, or any Money thereby secured or any Part thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Intel eft of the Money which yeaily. shall be borrowed or raised by Mortgage as aforesaid, shall be provided for and paid Half-yearly to the several Persons entitled thereto before any Yearly or other Interest or Dividends due to the said Company of Proprietors, or any of them, shall be paid, made, or divided.

tob-c8nSier- Provided always, That no Person to whom any such Mortgage or

ed as Propric- Assignment shall be made or transferred as aforesaid, shall be deemed a tors of Shares. Proprietor of any Share, or be capable of acting or voting by virtue of such Mortgage or Assignment, at any Assembly or Meeting of the said Company of Proprietors, for or on Account of his or her having lent or advanced any Money oil the Credit of any such Assignment.

ivenVf0 a6 Proved always, and be it enacted, That no Sum or Sums of

fngoti Money. Money so lent and advanced on Mortgage shall be paid off and difehar-’ed, (save and except with the Consent of the Person or Persons so lending and advancing such Sum or Sums of Money ), unless Six Months previous Notice under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors shall have been given to the Person or Persons lending and advancing such Sum or Sums of Money, or left at his, her, or their last: or usual Place or Places of Abode, of such their Intention to pay off and discharge the same.

Empowfrins

XI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums tor& over of Money which shall, previous to the passing of this Act, have been paid Mosicy paid by any Subscriber or Subscribers t® the said Undertaking, for or on ac-aUyThaK orf count of any Share or Shares therein to any Person or Persons whomso-Shares Pre- ever, shall be accounted for by such Person or Persons to the said Com-Vaffint0ofhthis Pan7 of Proprietors or their Committee, and shall be paid to the said pacing o t is £ompany of Proprietors or their Committee, or to such Person or Persons and at such Time or Times as they shall respectively appoint; and in case of Non-payment thereof, the same shall and may be lecovered by the said Company of Proprietors from the Person or Persons to whom or to whose Account the same shall have been paid, in such and in the like Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as if such Sum or Sums of Money had been advanced and paid by or received on account of the said Company of Proprietors after the passing of this Act.

First and other ^11. And be it further enacted, That the first: General Assembly of the fcmblSs. said Company of Proprietors for putting this Act into Execution shall be holden at the Three Cups Inn, in the Town, of Colchester, upon jthe Second IVednzfday after the passing of this Act, or as soon as conveniently may be, at the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, and

future

2643

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

future General Assemblies of the said Company, (except such Special General Assemblies as herein-after mentioned) shall be holden on the Second Wednesday in the Month of July in every Year, at the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, at such Place or Places as the said Company of Proprietors at their preceding General Assembly shall from Time to Time direct and appoint, of which future General Assemblies Twenty-one Days previous Notice at lead shall be given by public Advertisement, to be inserted in some Newspaper usually circulating in the County of Essex, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors at their respective General Assemblies shall direct; and at such General Assemblies, it shall be the Duty of the Directors of the said Company, to report to the Proprietors at large, the State of the said Undertaking, and their Proceedings in carrying this Act into Execution; which Report shall be fairly entered into the Books of the Corporation by the Clerk, and a Copy of the same to be left at their Head Office for the Perusal of the Proprietors, who shall have access thereto during such Hours as the said Office is usually open.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That James Crowley, Ralph Dodd, Offacer*of^ George Dodd, Thomas William Hodgson, and William Sutton, shall be and Court oi^Di-are hereby appointed Directors for conducing the Business of the said rectors* Undertaking, from the Day of the first General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors to be held as herein-before mentioned, until the

next General Assembly of the said Company to be holden on the Second Wednesday in July then next ensuing.

XIV. Provided always, That any Person shall be capable of acting or of Qualification* being chosen as a Director as herein-after directed, who shall hold and of Clreftor4-be possessed of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking: Provided also, that if any Person so chosen as a Director shall hold any Contract or Employment under the said Company, he shall not be capable of voting as a Director, during the Time of his holding such Contract or Employment.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Five Direc- Sutkguent tors so herein-before nominated and appointed, or the Person or ^P£,f eJ{nent Persons appointed in their Room or Stead respectively, by virtue of this (by the*5*0 Ad, shall continue in Office until the Second Wednesday in July next after ?roPr'eton) such their Nomination and Appointment; and on such Day One of the oflhof^o said Directors shall go out of Office, and cease to be a Director of the said out of ofseef Company: And in order to determine, who of the said Directors shall

out of Office, and cease to be a Director, the Clerk of the said Company, at the General Assembly to be holden on that Day, (or some Adjourn, ment thereof), shall and he is hereby required to write upon diltind Pieces of Paper, of equal Size, the Name of one of each of the said Directors; and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form, as near as may be, and be put into a Box or Wheel; and one of such Papers shall then be drawn out of such Box or Wheel, by such Clerk; and the Director, whole Name shall be upon such Paper so drawn, shall go out of Office, and cease to be a Director; and the said Company shall then nominate and appoint One other Member, who shall be possessed of and entitled to any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and such Person so appointed shall. continue in Office for the Space of Three

Tears,

*644 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137-

Ye?.rs, (ev'ept in case of Death, or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in IVi/ er by this Act directed, and no longer); and on the Second Wednesday the next succeeding Month of July One of the Directors first nominated and appointed by this Act as a Director, or the Person or Persons nominated or appointed in his Room or Stead, shall go out of Office, and cease to be a Director: And in order to determine which of such Directors shall go out of Office, and cease to be a Director, the Clerk of the said Company, at the General Assembly to be holden on that Day, (or some Adjournment thereof), shall and he is hereby required to write upon Four distinct Pieces of Paper, of an equal Size, the Name of One of each of such Directors; and all such Papers shall be rolled up in the fame Form as near as may be, and put into a Box or Wheel, by such Clerk; and One of such Papers fnali men be drawn out of such Box or Wheel, by such Clerk, and the Director whose Name shall be upon such Paper so drawn, shall go out of Office, and cease to be a Director; and the said Company shall hen nominate and appoint One other Member, qualified as a'ore! aid, so be a Director, in the Room or Stead of such Director; and such Person so nominated and appointed shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in case of Death, or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in Manner by this Act directed), and no longer; and on the Second WedneJ'day in the next succeeding Month of July One of the remaining Directors first nominated and appointed by this Act as Directors, or the Person or Persons nominated and appointed in his or their Room or Stead, shall go out of Office, and cease to be a Director of the said Company, m like Manner aforesaid; and the said Company shall, at their General Assembly to be holden on that Day, nominate and appoint such other Member qualified as aforesaid, to be a Director, in the Room or Stead of such Director; and such Person so nominated and appointed, shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in case of Death, or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in Manner by this Act directedJ, and no longer; and on the Second Wednesday in every succeeding Month of July in each and every Year, One Director out of the Members of the said Company, qualified as aforesaid, shall be nominated and appointed; and such Director shall continue in Office for the Space of Three Years (except in case of Death, or Refusal to act, or ceasing to be qualified in Manner by this Act directed), and no longer: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, again to nominate and appoint any such Person or Persons so qualified as aforesaid, and going out of Office, to be a Director or Directors of the said Company.

la case a Di-

XVI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in case on any Second rctftor is not Wednesday in the Month of July no such Nomination and Appoint-SeDaymcn. raent of such Director shall be made, then and in every such Case tioned, an®, another Meeting of the said Company shall be holden on the Second tShefaSfw Wednesday following for^ the Purpose of making such Election; and that Purpose. in case no such Nomination and Appointment of such Director shall be then made, then and in every such Case another Meeting of the said Company shall be holden on the Second Wednesday following, for the Purpose of making such Election, and so toties quoties until such Director shall be chosen; but such Director shall not continue in Office co be a Director of the said Company for any longer Space of Time than if he 9 had

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. in. 1645

had been elected on the said Second Wednesday in the Month of July as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or PeHons subsequent’ nominated and appointed by the said Company as a Director or Directors shall die or refuse to act in the Execution of this Act, or shall not, or (by thepro-

cease to be entitled to any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, then She Roomer

and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Com- those who shall

pany to nominate and appoint at some Assembly of the said Company, some

Person or Persons qualified as aforesaid to be a Director or Directors, in the dlfqualified.

Room or Stead of the Director or Directors so dying or refusing to act, or

ceasing to be so qualified; and every Person so nominated and appointed

shall have the like Powers and Authorities, and shall be subj^ft to the like

Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as the Person in whose Room or

Stead he shall be so nominated and appointed, and shall continue in

Office for such Time and no longer, as the Director in whose Room or

Stead he shall be so nominated or appointed, would have continued in

Office.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors ?oroe^Jn"g may make the said intended Waterworks in or over the Lands or Grounds if® r Mrftakei of any Person or Persons whomsoever into whole Lands or Grounds such »n the Name* Waterworks shall extend, although their Names are not mentioned in the afi^Occu?01* Book of Reference j or into the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Per- piers.

fons whose Name or Names ..shall appear, to the Satisfaction of any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the Borough of ColcbcJlery and be by them certified under their Hands, to be by Mistake omitted in the said Book of Reference; or that instead thereof, the Name or Names of some other Person or Persons to whom such last mentioned Lands and Grounds do not belong, have or hath by Mistake been inferred therein; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if at any such General Aflem- General Af-bly there shall not be Persons present, either as Principals or Proxies, frmblits for who shall be perfTeffed of or entitled unto at least Twenty Shares in the said Undertaking, such General Assembly of the said Company shall contift of be adjourned to that Day Fortnight to be ho'lden at the same Place, 20 Share*, and so from Time to Time until there shall be such Persons or Proxies present at such General Assembly having such Number of Shares as aforesaid, and of every such adjourned Meeting Seven Days Notice shall be given in One or more of the London Newspapers, and in One or more Papers usually circulated in the Town or Borough of Colchester, and in case of Failure of the assembling of a sufficient Number of Proprietors having such Shares at such General Assembly, every Proprietor who shall not attend such second or adjourned General Assembly, shall forfeit and pay to the said Company for every Share which he or she shall possefs in the said Undertaking, the Sum of Twenty Shillings to be deducted out of his or her next succeeding Payment of Interest or Dividends of the Profits of the said Undertaking (as the Case may happen); an'd in case no Interest cr Dividends shall j ayable to such Person or Persons making Default as aforesaid, within Twelve Calendar Months next after the making of such Default, then and in such Case such Penalty or Forfeiture of Twenty {.L°c. & Per29 <$ Shillings

2646

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

Shillings shall and may be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means as any other Peiialty or Forfeiture imposed by this Act may be levied and recovered.

And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors fefiee. shall have Power and Authority, at any such General Assembly, to re-

move and displace any Director nominated and appointed determined by virtue of this Act, and from Time to Time to nominate and appoint another Person or Persons in his or their Room or Stead; and it shall and may be lawful to or for the said Company of Proprietors, at any General or special Genetal Assembly to order and dispose of the Custody of their Common Seal, and the Use and Application thereof, and to make such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders for the good Government of the said Company, and their Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and for the Superintendance and Management of the said Undertaking, and from Time to Time to alter and repeal the said Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and Regulations or any of them, and to iinpose and inflid such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons who shall offend against the fame, as to such General or Special General Assembly shall leem meet, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds for any one Offence; and all such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orderfe, being reduced into Writing under the Common Seal of the said Company and printed, shall be binding upon and observed by all Parties, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the fame; provided that the fame be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England^ or to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained, or to any of them; and every such General and Special General Assembly shall have Power to call for, audit, and settle all Accounts of Money received, laid out, and disbursed on account of the said Undertaking by the Treasurers, Receivers, or Collectors of any Money for the said Company, and other Officers by them appointed, or by any other Person or Persons whomsoever employed by, or concerned for or under them, in and about the said Undertaking and the Works thereto belonging; and the said Company shall have Power to adjourn rhemselves from Time to Time to such Place or Places as shall at any such General or Special General Assemblies be thought proper and convenient.

Officers of the

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to Company of Proprietors at any General Assembly to nominate and ap-\e appointed. j,0jnt un(jer the Common Seal of the-said Company, aTreasurer or Treasurers, Engineer or Engineers, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, and such other Officer’s as to them the said Company of Proprietors shall seem proper, and from Time to Time to remove any such Treasurer or Treasurers, Engineer or Engineers, Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, or other Officers, or any of them, and to nominate and appoint another Person or Persons in his or their Room or Stead in Manner aforesaid, taking such Security from every such Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, or other Officer for the due Execution of their respective Offices, and granting them such Salary or Compensation as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper; and such Clerk or Clerks shall, in a proper Book or Books, to be provided by the said Company of Proprietors for that Purpose, enter and keep a true and perfect Account of the Nlffnes and Places of Abode of the several Persons who shall from Time

26a7

48° GEORGII lit Cap. 137.

Time to Time become Owners and Proprietors of, or entitled to any Share or Shares therein, and of all Acts, Proceedings, and Transactions of the Paid Company of Proprietors and Directors respectively; and each of the said Proprietor of the said Undertaking shall and may at all Times have recourse to and per life and inspect the fnne, and also the Book or Books to be kept by the Chief or other Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, gratis, and may demand and ha c Copies thereof, or any Part thereof, paying the Sum of Sixpence for cveiy One hundred Words so to be copied; and it any such Clerk or Clerks to the said Company of Proprietors shall refuse to permit any Proprietor or Proprietors so interested as aforesaid to inspect or peruse such Book or Books of Proceedings at all convenient Times and Seasons, or refuse to make any such Copy or Copies at the Rate or Price aforesaid, he thall for every such Offence forteit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXII. And be it further er.acted, That it shall be lawful for the said Di- For apprfnt-rectors to suspend or remove any Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk; Collect r, cffe°®ryra*in Officer, or Servant of the said Company, for any Neglect, Milconduft, oi c*ncies. Inability, and to appoint some other Person in their respective Places, and also to fill up the Vacancies that may occur by Death, Resignation, or otherwise, but in case any such new Appointment shall be made by the said Directors, but the fame shall continue only until the next General or Special General Assembly of the said Proprietors, when the Appointment of such Person thall either be confirmed, or such other fit Person shall be appointed to succeed to such Office as the said Proprietors at such General or Special General Assembly thall think proper.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Treasurer, Engineer, ^ccLuntf* Clerk, Collector, and all other Officers and Persons, so to be appointed as aforesaid, thall under their Hands at such Time and Times, and in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors or their Directors thall direct, deliver to the said Company of Proprietors, or to the said Directors, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively thall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and 1 hings committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer or Officers, arid Person or Persons resp ftivtly received, by viriue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and ditbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and thall pay all such Monies as thall remain in their respective Hands to the said Company of Proprietors or to the said Directors, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively thall appoint; and if any such Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer, or Person* thall refuse to produce or deliver up such Receiptsor Vouchers, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or thall not deliver to the said Company of Proprietors, or to the said Directors, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively thall appoint, within Twenty Days after being the reunto required by the said Company of Proprietors, or by the said Directors, all Books,

Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, or thall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts thall appear to be in their respective Hands to the said Company of Proprietors, or to the said Directors

2648

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

rectors, or as they respectively shall direct or appoint, then and in either of the Cafe- aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors may and are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cauie to be brought any Action or Actions against the Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively, or if Complaint shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors, or by the said Directors, or by such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, City, or Place, wherein the said Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing shall be and reside, such Justices may and are hereby authorized and required by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause the Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so neglecting or refusing, to be brought before them, and upon his, her, or their appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine, the Matter in a summary Way* and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, it shall appear to such Justices, that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may and are hereby authorized and required, upon Non payment thereof* by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods. and Chattels of such Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer and Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such 1 eafurer. Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to anl'wer and satisfy the said Money, and the Charges of making and levying the fame, or it such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, shall still persist in refusing or neglecting to deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, to the said Company of Pro-pi ietors, or to the said Directors, or to such Person or Persons as they respectively shall appoint, then and in any or either of the Caies aforesaid, such Justice shall commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol for such County, City, Town, or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfeCl Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Company of Proprietor"- or with the said Directors, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they respectively shall appoint, and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Company of Proprietors, or to the said Directors; but no Treasurer, Engineer, Clerk, Collector, Officer, or Person, so committed for want of sufficient Distress, shall be confined or detained in Prison by virtue o( this Act, for any longer Space than Three Calendar Months.

Tonrof the

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Director shall have more than Dare ois. One Vote at any Meeting of the said Directors, except the Chairman, and who in case of an Equality of Votes upon any Question which may be agitated at any Meeting, shall have the calling Vote although he may have given One Vote before-, and all the Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in or directed to be exercised by the said Directors, may be done and exercised by the major Part of them present at their respective Meet-7 irgs.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

ings, the whole Number present not being less than Three; and the said Directors Avail from Time to Time make Reports of their Proceedings to the said General Assemblies, and if required, to the said Special General Assemblies of the Proprietors, and Avail obey their Orders and Directions, and the fai l Directors Avail (subject nevertheless at all Times to such Orders and Directions as aforesaid) meet at such Times and Places, and Avail from Time to Time adjourn themselves to such other Times and Places as they Avail think fit; and in order to defray the Expences of their Meetings, the said Directors Avail from Time to Time receive oiit of the said Capital Stock of the said Proprietors, such Sum or Sums of Money as Avail be directed, adjusted, and settled at such General Assemblies; and the said Directors shall and may contract for and agree for the Purchase of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, that may be taken for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, and the Works thereunto belonging, and Avail and may settle, adjust, and determine all Matters, Questions, and Differences which Avail or may arise between the said Company of Proprietors, and the several Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which Avail or may be taken and damaged, or affected by the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, and Avail and may make Contracts, Agreements, and Bargains, with the Workmen, Agents, Undertakers, and other Persons employed or concerned in making and completing and continuing the Works belonging to the LidUndertaking, and all and every Part or Parts thereof; and the said Directors Aiall (subject nevertheless to the Orders and Directions of such General or Special General Affenvblies as aforesaid) have full Power and Authority to direct and manage the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors; and the said Directors Aiall by themselves, or the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, keep a full and true Account of all Money diAvurfed, and Payments made by the said Directors, and by all and every Person and Persons employed by or under them, and of all and every Sum and Sums of Money which they Avail receive on Behalf or in respect of the said Undertaking, from any Collector or Collectors, or other Officer or Officers, or from any other Person or Persons whornsoever, employed in or having any Concerns, Dealings, or Transactions with the said Undertaking, or in or with any Part or Parts thereof, and shall regularly by themselves or their Clerk as aforesaid, write, insert, and enter in a Book or Books to be from Time to Time provided at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors for that 1'uipose, Minutes or Copies (as the Case shall require) of every such Contract, Bargain, Receipt, and Disbursement, and of all other their Orders and Proceedings, which Book or Books Avail be deposited with and kept locked up under the Care and Direction of the said Directors, provided always, that any Proprietor Avail have free Access thereto, upon every reasonable Desire for his or her Inspection; and the said Directors Avail have Power from Time to Time to make such Call or Calls for Money Pi from the Subscribers to and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, to defray in the Expences of or to carry on the fame, as they the said Directors from Time to Time shall find wanting and necessary for those Purposes, so that no such Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon each Share, and such Calls Avail not be made but at the Distance of Thirty Days at lealt from each other, and Fourteen Days Notice at the lealt Avail be given of all such Calls, provided that it Avail not be lawful to make any further Call upon any Proprietor or Propietors who lLoc- & Per-2 29 T {halt

2650 4-80 GEORGII III. Cap.ttf.

/hall have paid toihe said Company of Proprietors in obedience to the Paid Calls or otherwise, the full Amount of the Sum which by his, her, or their Subscription, he, (lie, or they had undertaken to pay for his, her, or their said Shire or Shares; and every Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall pay his, her, or their rateable Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid to such Person or Persons, an 1 at such lime and Place as the said Directors shall from Time to Time order and diredfc; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part of the said Money so called for as aforesaid, at the Time and Place appointed by the said Directors, or within Twenty Days next ensuing, he, she, or they: so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Pounds for every Share he, she, or they shall have'in the said Undertaking; and if such Person or Persons shall continue to neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable Call or Calls as aforesaid, for Four Calendar Months next after the Time so appointed for Payment thereof, then he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing, shall forfeit his, her, or their respective Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profits and Benefits thereof; all which Shares so forfeited shall be verted in the said Company of Proprietors in Trurt, for and for the Benefit of aii the rest of the said Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Interests in the said Undertaking, or shall at the Discretion of any of the said General or Special General Afletn-blies, be publicly fold for the Use of the rest of the said Proprietors whose Shares and Interests shall not have been forfeited as aforesaid: Provided nevertheless, that no Advantage shall betaken of any Forfeiture of any Share or Shares, until Notice shall have been given to or left at the usual or last: Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Share or Shares respectively, provided such Place or Places of Abode shall be known to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be within Ten Miles of London and Colchester, nor until the fame Share or Shares shall likewise have been declared to be forfeited at some General or Special General Afiemblyof the said Company of Proprietors.

Subfcrjfcers to

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the respective fcnptioruon ’ Persons who have subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance Calls ‘.y tha any Money for and towards the said Undertaking, or shall be Owner or Dircaori. Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall and are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums by them respectively subscribed (or such Farts and Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the Directors of the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Act) at such Times and Places and in such Manner as shall be directed by the said Directors; and in case any of such Subscribers shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame at the Time and Place and in Manner so required for that Purpose, the said Company of Proprietors are hereby required to sue for and recover the fame in any Court of Law or Equity.

Directing the

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions brought by the inActiwtt*for Company °* Proprietors against any Person or Persons who hath or Calls'! " have subscribed, or who Xha.ll hereafter subscribe or advance any Money 7 for

48° GEORGII III. Cap. iyf. 263!

for and towards the said Undenaking, or against any Owner or Owners,

Proprietor or Proprietors of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the said Company for or by reason of any Call or Calis made by virtue of this Act, it shall be sufficient for the said Company to declare and alledge that the Defendant or Defendants being an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of such or so many Share or Shares in the said Undertaking is or are indebted to the said Company in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in Arrear shall amount to for such and so many Call or Calls of such or so many Sum or Sums of Money upon such or so many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants (as the Case may happen to be) whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company by virtue of this Act, without setting forth the special Matter; and on the Trial of such Action it shall be only necessary to prove that the Defendant or Defendants, at the Time of making such Call or Calls was or were an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of some Share or Shares in the said Water Works, and that such Call or Calls was or were in fast made, and that such Notice was given thereof as is directed by this Act, and the said Company shall thereupon be entitled to recover what shall appear due, unless it shall appear that any such Call exceeded the Sum of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds, or was made within the Distance of Thirty Days from the last preceding Call, or without Notice given as aforesaid; and after Judgment shall be given for the said Company in any such Action, Execution shall not be {fayed by reason of any Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein unless such Defendant or Defendants with Two sufficient Sureties shall first become bound to the said Company by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in the Court in which such Judgment shall be given in Double the Sum adjudged to the said Company by such Judgment to prosecute the said Writ of Error with Effect; and also if the said Judgment shall be affirmed, or the said Writ of Error be non-prossed, to satisfy and pay the Debt, Damages, and Colts adjudged by the said Judgment, and all Colls and Damages to be awarded for Delay or Non-execution.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Owner or Owners, Pro- On the D:ath prietor or Proprietors, of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking ExCScuUtoCr'aiber* shall happen to die before such Cali or Calls shall have been made for mayCcompleat the full Sum or Sums to be advanced on any Share or Shares which he, the Payment she, or they shall have been possessed of or entitled to without having of lncirShare*-made Provision by Will or otherwise how and in what Manner such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how or by what Means the future Calls in respect thereof shall be paid to the said Company of Proprietors for the Purpose of the said Undertaking, then and in such Case the Executors or Administrators of any such Owner or Owners so dying, or the Trustee or Trustees, Committeeor Committees, of any Lunatic or Lunatics,

Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or of any other Person or Persons entitled to the Estate and Effects of such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be indemnified against all and every such Infant or Infants, and against all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on Account of his, her, or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money when called for as aforesaid, to compleat

every

2652

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

every such Subscription; and if such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors shall not have left Abets sufficient, or in case the Executors or Administrators, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees. Guardian or Guardians of any such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall refuse or neglect to answer such Calls, the said Company of Proprietors shall be, and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons to be an Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, on Condition that he, she, or they so admitted, do and shall on or before such Admission pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or to the Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Committees, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or to any other Person or Persons who may be entitled to his or her Effects, the full Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, in his, her, or their Life-time, by virtue of any Call or Calls, or otherwise upon such Share or Shares, or such other Sum or Sums of Money as the fame can be sold for; and in case no Person or Persons shall be found who is or are willing to be admitted upon such Condition as aforesaid, then and in every such Case such Share or Shares shall be forfeited to and become vested in the rest of the Company of Proprietors in the said Undertaking, and shall be subject to be sold and disposed of in like Manner as other forfeited Shares may be fold and disposed of by virtue of this Act,

Shares may be

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares to which he, she, or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned, the Conveyance of which Shares shall be in the Form, or to the Effect followings ('videlicet),

Form Of Con. 4 T yl% in Consideration of paid to me by

shar«? ° C* D. of do hereby bargain, fell, assign, and transfer

‘ to the said C.D. the Sum of Capital Stock of

and in The Colchester Water Works, being Part [or, the Whole, as the

Case may be~\ of my Share [or. Shares] in the said Undertaking, to

hold to 1 he said C. D., his [or, her] Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, subject to the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and

on the fame Conditions, that I held the fame, immediately before the

Execution hereof; and I the said C.D. do hereby agree to take and accept the said Capital S'ocjc or Share, subject to the same Rules,

‘ Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions. As witness our Hands and Seals, this Day of .*

And on every such Sale, the said Deed of Conveyance being executed by the Seller or Sellers, and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares, shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers, for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors shall have entered, in a proper Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale, for the Use of the said Company, and have tedified or ii.dorfed the Entry of such Memorial on the said Deed of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than Two Shillings and Sixpence shall be paid; and the said Clerk is hereby required

to

2653

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly; and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, nor any Interest for such Share or Shares paid to him,^ her, or them, nor any Vote in respect thereof as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That after any]Call of such Money shall have been made by the said Directors as aforesaid, no Person or Persons a;ter a Call shall fell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall Mor*«y possess in the said Undertaking, on Pain of forfeiting his, her, or their respective Share or Shares therein to the said Company of Proprietors in Trust, for the Benefit of all the said Proprietors, unless he, she, or they, at the Time of such Sale or Transfer, shall have paid and discharged'to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors, the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share so fold or transferred, such Forfeiture nevertheless to be notified and declared at a General or Special General Assembly.

XXX. And wheTeas in case where the original Subscriber of One or more Forafcertiirf-Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall die, become insolvent, or

Bankrupt, or go out of the Kingdom, or shall transfer his Right and Interest to some other Person, and no Register shall have been made of the Transfer thereof with the said Clerk, as directed by this Act, it may not be in the Power of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Treasurer or Clerk, to know who is the Owner or Proprietor of such Share or Shares, in order to give him, her, or them. Notice or Notices of Calls made on such Share or Shares as is hereby required, and to maintain any Action or Actions against him, her, or them, for the Recovery of the fame, or for the Purpose of safely paying to him, her, or them, the Interest or Dividends to which he, she, or they may be entitled by virtue thereof; be it further enacted, That in all the Cafes aforesaid, where the Right and Property in One or more Share or Shaies in the said Undertaking shall pass from the original Proprietor thereof to any other Person or Persons by any other legal Meins than by a Transfer or Conveyance thereof as herein directed, an Affidavit shall be made and sworn to by Two credible Persons before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, Hating the Manner in which such Share or Shares hath or have puffed to such other Person or Persons; and such Affidavit shall be transmitted to the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors to the Intent that he may, and he is hereby required to enter and register the Name or Names of every such new Proprietor or Proprietors in the Register Book or Lift of Proprietors in the said Undertaking, to be kept in the Office of the said Clerk; and that in all or any of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors at any General Meeting after Three Calendar Months Notice shall have been given by the said Treasurer or Clerk to the Owners or Persons claiming by such Affidavit to be Owner or Owners thereof, and such Person or Persons shall not have paid his, her, or their Proportion of the Money becoming payable by virtue of any Call or Calis as aforesaid; and after Notice thereof shall have been given Three Times at the Intervals of Twenty-one Days between such Advertisement in 'some Newspaper circulating in the said County of EJ/ex, to declare the fame Share or Shares to be forfeited:

[L«. £sf Per. j 29 U and

2654

fTames of Prc-

N umbei of their Shares to be entered in a Book, and Tickets with the Numbers delivered to

the*

Tower to make Water-xvo-ks, take Land, &c-

48° GEORGII in Cap. 137.

and in such Cases the fame shall be and become forfeited and fold, and disposed of in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietor* shall direct, or otherwise become consolidated in the general Fund of the said Company.

XXXI. And for the better Security of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking as to their respective Shares therein, be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall and are hereby required at their second or some subsequent General Meeting, to cause the Names and proper Additions of the several Persons who shall be then entitled to the Shares in the said Undertaking, with the Number of Shares which they are then respectively entitled to hold, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and diltinttly entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors; and after such Entry made to cause their Common Seal to be affixed thereto, and shall also cause a Certificate or Instrument, with the Common Seal of the said Company affixed thereto, to be delivered to every such Subscriber upon Demand, specifying the Share or Shares to which he, she, or they is or are entitled in the said Undertaking, every such Proprietor pacing to the Clerk Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more for every such Certificate or Instrument, and such Certificate or Instrument shall be admitted in all Courts whatever as Evidence of the Title of such Subscriber, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified; but the Want of such Certificate or Instrument shall not hinder or prevent the Owner or Proprietor of any of the said Shares from felling or disposing thereof; and in case any such Certificate or Instrument shall become defaced, worn out, or damaged, or shall be loll or destroyed, then another shall be made out, and entered by the Clerk on the fame Terms and Conditions as aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors, by themselves, their Deputies, Officers, Agents, Servants, Workmen, and Affillants, to make, complete, maintain, and keep Water Works, Reservoirs, Aquedu&s, Water Wheels, Fire Engines and other Engines, Pipes, and other Conveniences in the several Parishes, Townships, or Places herein before mentioned for supplying the fame with Water, iffuing and proceeding from divers Springs in t e Parishes of Saint Mary at the Wells, Saint Peter and Lexden in the said Borough, flowing into the River Colne, or in Failure thereof from the River Colne, by the said Waterworks; and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby fully empowered by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Workmen, or Servants, to supply the said intended Waterworks, and the said Reservoirs and Aqueducts, whilst the same shall be making, and at all Times for ever after the fame shall be made, with Water within the Limits of the said Waterworks herein-before prescribed, and to make such and so many Feeders Tunnels, and Shafts, and to make, erect, and fee up such and so many Stop Gates, Locks, Sluices, Weirs, Catch Drains, Engines, Steam Engines, and other Machines for supplyina the said Waterworks and the said Reservoirs and Aquedu&s with Water, and for any other Purposes for the making, maintaining, and using of such Water Works, Reservoirs, and Aquedu&s as they the said Company of Proprietors, or their

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

their Successors, shall from Time to Time think proper and expedient; and for the better effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants are hereby empowered to go, enter, and pass in, upon, over, under, or through the Lands and Grounds, Brooks, Streams, Waters, Highways, Roads, Paltages, Streets, Commons, and all other Lands and Places of or belonging to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic Corporate or Collegiate whatsoever, and to set out and ascertain such Part or Parts thereof as they the said Company of Proprietors shall think necessary and proper for making, compleating, maintaining, improving, and using the said Water Works, Reservoirs, and aqueducts, and all such other Works, Matters, and Conveniences as they shall think necessary for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, and to bore, dig, cut, trench, and sough, and to remove and lay Earth, Clay, Stone, Rubbish, Trees, Roots of Trees, Gravel or Sand, or any other Matters or Things which may be dug or gotten in the making of the said Water Works, Reservoirs and aqueducts, or the Tunnels, Shafts, Trenches, Passages, Sluices, Pens for Water, Gutters, Soughs, Ditches, Drains, Catch Drains or Watercourses, and other the Works of the said Water Works, Reservoirs and Aqueducts, or which may prevent or obstruct the making, compleating, maintaining and using the fame, or any of them respectively according to the true Intent and Purport of this Act; and also to construct, make, build, and set up, in or upon the said Reservoirs or Aqueducts, or upon the Lands adjoining to, or lying near the fame, such and so many Banks, Bridges, Fords, Tunnels. Shafts, Aqueducts, Pipes, Sluices, Locks, Weirs, Pens for Water, Drains, Catch Drains, Steam Engines, Houses, or other Buildings upon the fame, and other Works, for raising and returning Water for the Use of the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, and Aqueducts, and for the conveying of Water from one Level to another, and for all other the Purposes of the said Undertaking, and also to make such Engines, Watch-houses, And other Works, Roads, Ways, and Conveniences, and all such Cifierr.s, Ponds, Basons, Main Pipes, Rider Pipes, Hand Pipes, Stand Pipes, Service Pipes, Branches of Lead, and other Metal Cocks, Chamber Cocks, Cocks in Common, Stock Cocks, Valves, Fire Plugs, Air Plugs, Fire Cocks, B;>xes, Mains, Ferrules, Feeders, Fanipers, Drains, Catch Drains, Pumps, Sluices, and all such other Works and Devices, as and wherever the said Company of Proprietors shall think requisite for the several Purposes of this Act, and also from Time to Time to divert, alter, and repair, widen, enlarge, amend, and discominue the fame, and to make and maintain any other Works and Conveniences of or belonging to the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, and aqueducts respectively, as shall be deemed necessary or proper for the making, erecting, finiffiing, altering, repairing, amending, maintaining, and using the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, and aqueducts respectively, and the Works thereof; and for carrying and conveying Articles and Things to and from the said Waterworks, and also to place, lay, manufacture, and work any Materials on the Grounds, where found, or near to the Place or Places where the said Works, or any of them, shall be or are intended to be made, erected, repaired, cr done, and also to make, maintain, repair, or alter any Fences or Passages, over, under, or through the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, and aqueducts, and the Works and Conveniences, which shall or may at any Time or Times hereafter belong to, or communicate therewith,

and

2656

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137

and also to make, set out, and appoint such Paths, Banks, and Way®* convenient for passing in, through, alongside, or upon, the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, and Aqueduds, and Feeders, to the said Works for any such Purposes, as they the said Company of Proprietors shall think convenient; and also to dig, take, and carry away for the Use of the said Company of Proprietors any Clay, Soil, Gravel, Sods, or Loam, which may be proper and convenient for making the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, Aqueducts, Steam Engines, or other Works, and also for repairing, supporting, maintaining, and using the fame, in, upon, or from any Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous or convenient thereto, and to construd, ered, alter, keep in repair, and use any Works or Buildings in, upon, or across any Creeks or Brooks, for the making, using, or maintaining, the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, Aqueduds, Walercourses, and Feeders, and the Paths on the Sides of the said Works without Impediment, and also to conltrud, ered, do, and perform all other Matters and Things, which shall be deemed necessary and convenient, for the making, completing, using, preserving, and improving of the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, Aqueduds, and Feeders, and the Works connected therewith, in purfuunce and within the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, they the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents, Deputies, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the several Powers to them hereby granted, and making full Satisfaction in Maimer herein-after mentioned, to the Owners or Proprietors of, and all Persons interested in any Lands or other Hereditaments, which shall be taken, and removed, diverted, or prejudiced for all Damages, which shall be sustained by such Owners or Occupiers of, and other Persons interested in any Lands and Hereditaments, which shall be taken or used by or on the Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, or which shall be prejudiced or damaged by being overflowed or otherwise, in surveying, letting out, making, maintaining, altering, repairing, and using the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, Aqueduds, and Feeders, or ' other Works, or in or by the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Company of Proprietors, their Deputies, Servants, Woskmen, and all other Persons for what they or any of them shall do, by virtue of the Powers hereby granted.

d,n*f""cGar'

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in to be injured, this Act contained shall authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their .-Yuthority, to take, use, injure, or damage, in the making or completing of the said Waterworks, Reservoirs, Aqueduds, or other Works relating thereto, or any other of the Purposes aforesaid, any House, Bridge, or other Buildings which was erected or built on or "before the passing of this Act, or any Land or Ground which on or before that Time was set apart and used as and for a Park, Paddock, Ga-den, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof for the Time being.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That a Map or Plan, similar to that Jianftai/b* tepoliied with the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Efftx> shall im:gp-tt poiittd. diately after the passing of this Act be deposited with the Town Clerk For the Town and Borough of Colchester or his Deputy, and that all Persons interested therein shall at all reasonable Times have Liberty to insped and peruse the fame, and take a Copy thereof, or any Part thereof, paying a 3 reasonable

48° GEORGII III. Gap. 137. 26-57

teasonable Compensation to the faic! Town Clerk or his Deputy for every such inspection, and that the said Company shall not make any other Re* fervoir or Reservoirs, or have any Right or Authority to take any other Land for making any other Reservoir of Reservoirs for the supplying of any Water than the Reservoir or Reservoirs in the said Map or Plan described, nor in making the said Reservoir or Reservoirs more than Twenty Yards of Three Feet each from the Place or Places described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons,

Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, in or through or upon whose Lands any such Reservoir or Reservoirs shall be erected or made, or on of through whose Lands any such Deviation shall be made.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That after any Lands, Grounds, or Bodies Poll-Hereditaments, shall be set out arid ascertained for making the said Water Works, Reservoirs, Aquedu&s, Feeders, aftd other Works, or any Part &c. en*i»ow«r-or Parts thereof, or any of them, it shall bfc lawful for all Bodies Politic, <;11 Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations, Aggregate or Sole, and to and for the Pur-for all Tenahts for-Life, and-TeriaritS ?n Fee Tati, General or Special, or P^8atoie" for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and to and for all Huf- lai bands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffee's in Trtiftj* for charitable arid other Purposes, Committees, Executors, and Administrators, and all other Trustees an’a Persons whomsoever, not only for or on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and; Successors, but also for or on Behalf of their Cef-tuique Trusts, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or other Person or Persons, and for all Femes Coverts, who are or shall be seif-cf, priflefled of, or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower, or other Interest therein, and to and for all and every other Person or Perfbris whomsoever, who is, are, or shall be seised, possefTed of, or interested in any Lands, Grounds, ot Hereditaments, which shall be so set out and ascertained for the Purposes aforesaid, to contract for, lease, fell, and convey the fame, and every Part thereof to the said Company of Proprietors, and all such Coritra&s, Agreements, Sale, Conveyance, and Assurance,

shall be made at the Expence or the said Company of Proprietors, and such of them as shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to the said Company of Proprietors, shall be made according to the following Form:

I A.B. of in Consideration of the Form of the

‘ A Sum of to me paid [or in Consideration

4 of the annual Rent of to me to be hereafter C C ol"panjr*

yielded and paid by Yearly or Half-yearly Payments, as may be agreed € on] by the Company of Proprietors of the Colchester Water Works,

‘ do hereby grant and release to the said Company all [describing the

Premises to be conveyed] and all my Right, Title, and interest to and e in the fame, and every Part thereof, to hold to the said Company and

their Successors for ever, by virtue and according to the true Intr nt *’ and Meaning of the Act passed in the Foriy-eighth Year of the Reign,

of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, \_here irifert the Ti le of this Aflf] in Witness thereof, I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal,

this Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and \

And if the Premises shall happen to be Leasehold for Years, they shall be assigned by a Form answerable to the above, only substituting the Wo.ds [Loc. Ter.] 29 X applicable

i6$8 4.S" GEORGII HI. Cap.tyj.

Applicable to the Affig-nment of a Chattel, which laid Conveyance fha" be kept by the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time when requelled, deliver attested Copies thereof to any Person or Persons requiring the fame, and shall have and receive Sixpence for every One hundred Words, of each firch attested Qopy, and io in Proportion for any greater or less Number of Words-.-

wered\o

XXXVI. And whereas* in order to carry into Effect the Purposes of this-reieii Lands A&, and to avoid Disputes with the Owners of Lands, Grou-'d?, or ritbi "anted. Hereditaments, which may be affected by making the said Water Works* Reservoirs, Aqueducts and other Works; the said Company or Piwrie-tors may purchase Lands, Buildings, or Hereditaments, not nei.elfary to be madeufe of for the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sell and dispose. of and by Indenture under their, common Seat, absolutely to grant and convey such Part or Parts of the Lands and Hereditaments* which shall be so purchased by and conveyed to the said’ Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, and.as shall not be wanted for the Purposes of this Act, and also to lay out and appropriate any Part of the said Lands, and Premises, as for a Way or Ways, Avenue or Avenues, Passage or Passages, and that all such Conveyances from the said Company of Proprietors shall be valid and effectual, any Law, Statute, or Custom, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; and upon Payment of the Money which shall arise by the Sale or Sales of such Lands, Rents or Premises, or any Parts or Parcels thereof, it shall be lawful for the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, to the said Company of Proprietors, to sign and give Receipts for the Money for which the lame shall be fold, which Receipts shall be sufficienc Discharges to any Person or Persons for the Purchase Money for which such Lands, Rents, or Premises, shall be fold, or for so much thereof as in such Receipt shall be expressed to be received, and such Person or Persons shall not be answerable for any Losses, Misapplication, cr Nonapplication of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof: Provided always, that the said Company of Proprietors before they shall sell and dispose of such Lands or Hereditaments, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased the fame; and in case such Person or Persons shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to repurchase the fame, then and in every such Case, an Affidavit before a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of EJex^ by foine Person or Persons no way interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so made, which shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom it was made as the Case may be.

The Word*

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Grants, Demises, and Coo-jairland Bar veyances to be made by the said Company of Proprietors under or by Sell,’’ to ope- virtue and in pursuance of the several Powers and Authorities to them runt* for°ve* hereby given> the Words " Grant, Bargain and Sell" shall amount to Title. and

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137. 2G59

and be construed and adjudged in all Courts of Judicature to be Ex* press Covenants to the Grantee and Lessee, or other Purchaser, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, 3nd Assigns from the said Company of Proprietors for themselves and thcih S'uccessors, that rhey the said Company of Proprietors, notwithstanding any Act done by them, were at the Time of the Execution of every such Grant, Lease, or Conveyance, seised of the Hereditaments‘and Premises thereby gi anted, conveyed and fold of an indefeasible Estate of Inheritance, in Fee Simple, free from all Incumbrances for quiet Enjoyment thereof against the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Assigns, find all claiming under them, and all such Purchasers should be indemnified, and saved harmless by the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums

of Money which ihallbe had, received, and taken by the said Company of p^rchaie Proprietors as the Consideration of any such Sale as aforesaid, or that Money, may be reserved byway of Rent upon any such Leases so to be granted as aforesaid, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of in such and the like Manner as any other Sums of Money arising or to arise from the said Water Works, Reservoirs, Aquedu&s, and Feeders, are hereby directed to be paid, applied, and disposed of.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all and every 19

Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and Tenant and Te- e

nants for Life, and Tenant and Tenants in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, and all Feoffees in Trust,

Executors, Administrators, Femes Covert, Husbands, Guardians, Committees,'Trustees, and all and every Person and Persons who is or are seised, possessed of, or interested in any Lands or other Hereditaments through* in, or upon which the said Water Works, Reservoirs, Aqueducts, Watercourses or Feeders, or other Works hereby authorized and intended to be made, may accept and receive‘Satisfaction for the Value of such Lands, Grounds and Hereditaments, and for the Damages to be sustained by the making and completing of the said Works herein-before directed, either in gross Sums or by annual Rents ^except in Cafes of spiritual Persons to whom Compensation for Glebe and Tythes shall be made by annual Rent in Manner herein directed) as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Parties interested respectiveiv, or any of them} and the said Company of P.oprietors or their Directors, and in case the said Company of Proprietors, or their Directors, and the Parties interested in such Lands, Grounds, or ether Hereditaments, cannot agree as to the Amount or Value of such Satisfti&ion the same shall be ascertained and settled by the Verdict of a Jury, a3 is herein directed.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any such Body Politic, Cor- ifparuesbe porate, or Collegiate, or any Feoffee or Feoffees, in Trust, Executor, dissatisfied Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Trustee, Committee of or for any ^Toii^De-Lunatic or Idiot, or any Feme Covert, or any Person whether Tenant for termination. Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or other Person or Persons so interested or entitled as be' impannn-0 aforesaid, shall be dissatisfied with any Sum of Money offered by the said !*d ,ecid* Directors, or any Three or more of them, and shall give Notice *ne "Iatrer’ thereof in Writing to the Clerk to the Did Directors within Fourteen

66o

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

teen Days next after the same shall have been made, or if any- such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee or Irustees, or any other Person or Persons; shall, upon Notice in Writing given to the principal Officer of any such Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to such Feoffee or Feoffees, in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Trustee, Committee of or for any Lunatic or Idiot, or to such Feme Covert, or to such Tenant for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or other Person or Persons respectively, or left at the last or usual Place or Places of his, her, cr their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or other Hereditaments, to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act, for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Notice, Neglect, or Refusal to treat, or shall not agree with the said Company of Proprietors, or by reason of Absence or otherwise shall be prevented from treating, or through Disability by Nonage, Coverture, of other Impediments cannot treat for themselves, to make such Agreement or Agreements as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, or shall not within the before-mentioned Space of Fourteen Days produce and fully disclose the State of the Title to the Premises which they are or shall be in Possession of, and to the Interest which they claim therein, then and in every such Case the said Directors, or any Three or more of them, shall, and are hereby empowered and required to issue a Warrant under their Hands and Seals to the Mayor of the said Town and Borough, in which the Matter in question shall arise; and in case $ny such Mayor or Deputy Mayor shall be One of the said Company of Proprietors, or enjoy any Office or Place of Profit or Trust under them, or shall be otherwise interested in the Matter in question, then to any One of the Coroners of the said Borough, who shall not be so interested as afor'e-said; and in case all the said Coroners of such Borough shall be so interested, then to the last Person who filled the Office of Mayor of such Borough, and who shall not be interested as aforesaid, commanding such Mayor, Coroner, or other Person to’ impannel, summor, and return a Jury of Twenty-four sufficient and indifferent Men qualified according to the Laws of this Realm, to be returned for Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts at Westminster, to appear before the Justices of the Peace for the Borough of Cokhcjler and the Liberties thereof, at fomc Court of General or Quarter* Sessions of the Peace to be holden there, or at some Adjournment thereof as in such Warrant shall be appointed, and to atterid such Court from Day to Day until discharged by the said Court, and all Panics concerned may have their lawful Challenges against: any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Justices are hereby empowered and required by any Precept or Predtpts to summon and call before them all and every Person or Persons who shall be thought necesskry to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses, touching the Matter in question, and to hear and examine such Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; and the said Justices may order and authorize the said Jury, or any Twelve or m re of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matter or Matters in question, which Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, and also the Oaths of such Persons as shall be called to give Evidence, such Justices are hereby authorized to administer) shall esquire of, assess, and ascertain the Surti or Sums of Money, or annual Rent, to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands or other Heriditaments, or the Recompences to be made for the Damages that shall or may be sustained as aforesaid, and shall assess fepa-8 rate

48’ GEOJIGII III. Gap.in. s66i

rate Damages for the fame, and for any several and separate Interests of any Owners, Tenants, Tenants for Life or Lessees, or Tenants at Will, or any other Interest therein; and the said Justices shall give Judgment for such Purchase Monies, Rent, or Recompence so to be assessed by such Jury, which said Verdict, and the Judgment thereupon to be pronounced as aforesaid, shall be signed by the said Justices, and shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes against all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate., and all other Persons, and shall not be removed by Certio-rari, or any other Writ or Process into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary liofwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if the Mayor or other Person, so MayorVo"^ directed to summon and return a Jury as aforesaid, or his Deputy or summoaa Agent, fh .11 make Default in the Premises, he shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds; and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury, shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn, or give his Verdict, or shall in any other Maimer wilfully neglect his Duty contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or if any Person so summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appealing shall refuse to be examined or to give Evidence, every Person so offending having no reasonable Excuse (to be allowed by the said Justices) shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, which several and respective Penalties shall and may be levied by virtue of any Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One of the said Justices, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so offending, rendering to him the Overplus after such Penalty, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale shall be deducted; and every such Penalty so recovered from any Person who shall have been so summoned to give Evidence ?s aforesaid, shall go and be paid to the Person or Persons, who shall appear to the said Justices to be injured by the Default of such Person.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That ali Persons who, in any Exami- Punn‘^j"f Pc[* nation to be taken upon Oath by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully give of

false Evidence, or otherwise forswear theml’elves, before any such Jury, or before any Justices of the Peace, acting as such in the Execution of this Act, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame, and upon Conviction thereof, shall be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties, as Persons guilty of wilful and corrupt Perjury are by the Laws in being subject and liable to.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That full Recompense and Satisfaction For making shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors for all the Tythes both foTVyules! -.Great and Small of the Lands, which shall or may be taken or made use of by the said Company for the Purposes, and in pursuance of the Powers of this Act, to the respective Persons entitled, or who would have been entitled to such Tythes, in case such Lands had not been so taken or made use of, according to their relptdive Interests therein, (m h Tythes to be estimated at the average Value of Seven Years last past, such average Value to be ascertained (in case of any Difference concerning the same) in like Manner, as the Value of any Lands or other Hereditaments is herein directed to be ascertained: Provided always, that the Recompence [Lee. Ptr.~\ 29 T and

2662 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

and Satisfaction to be given by virtue of this Act, for all Glebe Lands and Tythes belonging to Spiritual Persons, shall be made to such Persons by an animal Rent.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Works of the said Company shall hereafter be discontinued, the said Company of Proprietors shall make Satisfaction or Compensation to the Owners and Occupiers of all Tythe and Glebe Lands, for the Damage done to the said Land by any Excavations or other Works of the said Company of Proprietors.

Expenceiof

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in each and every Cafe where a jop^by*whom Verdict shall be given for more Money, or for a greater annual Rent, as »obc paid a Recompence or Satisfaction for the absolute Sale of any Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments belonging to any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Person or Persons whomsoever, or as a Compensation for any Damages done or to be done to such Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments, or other Property, than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Company, or their Directors, or where any Verdict shall be found for any Damages, where the Dispute is for Damages only, and where no Compensation had been previously offered or tendered in respect thereof, by or on Behalf of the said Company, or their Directors, or where, by reason of Absence in Foreign Countries, or other Impediment or Disability as aforesaid^ there shall not be found any Person or Persons at hand, who may be legally capacitated to enter into a Contract with, and make Conveyances to and receive Compensations from the said Company, as herein mentioned, then and in all such Cases all the Expences of summoning such Jury and taking such Verdict, shall be defrayed by the said Company; but if any Verdict shall be given for the same Sum or Rent that had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Company, er for a less Sum than had been so previously offered, or in case no Damages shall be given by the Verdict, where the Dispute is for Damages only; or in case of such Refusal or Neglect to enter into Treaty with, or make Conveyances to, or receive Compensation from the said Company, or their Directors, by any Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or by any Person or PeToffs whomsoever, who is or are by the Provisions of this Act or otherwise, legally capacitated to treat, or convey, or receive such Compensations as aforesaid, then and in all such Cases the Coffs and Expences of summoning such Jury, and taking such Verdict, shall be borne and paid by the Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons with whom the said Company shall have such Concerns, Controversies, or Disputes, which fiid Costs and Expences having been so settled, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Persons as & fore laid, and the Payment or lender of the Remainder of such Sum or Sums of Money shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so affelled and adjudged; and in case no Damages shall be given by fur.h Verdict when the Dispute is for Damages only, such Colts and Expences after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, shall and may be recovered by the said Company, by such Ways and Means as are herein

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

herein provided, for the Recovery of any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by this Act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Justices and Juries respectively, in their Awards, Determinations, Judgments, and Verdicts, concerning the Value of Lands and other Hereditaments shall, separately and distinctly proportion off any particular Estate, Terms, or Interests; and also any Damages sustained or to be sustained by any Person or Persons in consequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, and shall distinguish the Value set upon such Estate, Term, and Interest, and the Money adjudged for such Damages as aforesaid separately and apart from each other.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment or legal Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money, or giving good and sufficient Security for Payment of any such annual Rent as shall have been contracted or agreed for between the Parties, or adjusted and determined by any Jury or Juries for the Purchase of any such Lands, Tythes, or other Hereditaments, or as a Recompense for any yearly Produce or Profits thereof, or as a Compensation for Damage®, as herein mentioned to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands, Tythes, or other Hereditaments, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be interested therein or entitled to receive such Money, Rent, or Compensation respectively, or to his, her, or their Agent or Agents, at any Time after the same shall have been actually so agreed for, determined, or a defied, or upon Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England (in case the same shall be requisite) in Manner by this Act directed and required for the Use of such Person or Persons so interested or entitled as aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, immediately to enter upon the Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments respectively (or before such Payment or Tender or Security given by Leave of the Owners or Occupiers thereof) and then and there upon such Lands, Tenement?, and other Hereditaments, together with the yearly Profits thereol; and all the Estate, Use, 'J rust, ana Interest of any Person or Persons therein friall from thenceforth be veiled in and become the sole Property of the said Company of Proprietors, to and for the Purposes of this Act for ever, and such Tender, Payment, Investment, or Depofir, or the giving of such Security for the same as aforesaid, shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, ana Demand of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall or ought to have been made, but also shall extend to and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower of the Wife of every such Person, and all Estates-Tail, and other Estates in Reversion and Remainder of his, her, or their IfiTue, and of every other Person whomsoever interested therein: Provided nevertheless, that before such Payment, Tender, Investment, Deposit, or Security as aforesaid shall be made, it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person acting under their Authority, to dig or cut the Lands or Grounds of the Person or Persons entitled to such Payment or Security for the Purpose of making the said Water Works, Reservoirs, Water-courses and Feeders, aqueducts or Works, or any of them, without the Consent of such Person or Persons respectively.

2663

lion* by the Jiiitices and jury concern, ins the Value of Lmd3, to be diltmct from those relating to Compensation for Damages.

The Lands are to vett lutely in the Company

either paying or giving Sc-curity for I'ayuient of the Value of Lanu, or Compensation fur Damages.

XLViil. And

2664 48° GEORGII III. Cap-137.

Vei'dicts of the XLVIII.jAnd belt further enabled, That each and every VerdiS so given corded*Hy^he shall be entered up, recorded, and kept, by the Town Clerk of the Bo* clerk of the rough of Colchester, or any Person having the Custody of the Records ieace. of Quarter Sessions for the said Borough of Colchester, and shall be deposited with and deemed to be Records of such Quarter Sessions to all Intents and Purposes, and the fame or true Copies thereof shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the fame, paying for such Inspection the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and to have Copies thereof, paying for every Copy the Sum of Sixpence for erery One hundred Words, and so in Proportion for any less Number of Words.

Furcliafe Merits, or Coin-penia i >ns 1’ue

Bodes|*&c. to be laid out :o the fame Lfts, &c.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which are to be paid to any Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Feoffees inTruft, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, for or on Behalf of any Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Cestuique Trusts, or to any Person or Persons whose Lands or Estates are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, for the Purchase or Exchange of or the Damage to be done to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments by virtue of the Powers herein contained, shall be paid and applied in Manner following, (that is to say), in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, it shall with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name of and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Company of Proprietors of the Colchester Water Works, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Redemption or Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Dil-charge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Charge or Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, oraffecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame, or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages. Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled, to for or upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be exiiiing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court, to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to I Time

2665

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

Time be paid by Order of the said Court* to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profit* of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase and Settlement were made.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Money so payable to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in rei'ped whereof the same shall be paid, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or TruHe.es; or other Person or Persons acting as such as aforesaid, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Directors (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Maner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

LI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money payable to Application such Corporation, or to any Person under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such 1 20 Cafes the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments, in respect whereof the same shall be paid, in such Manner as the said Directors, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting as such, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively, and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons to whom the said Directors shall direct the same to be paid, shall be sufficient Discharges for the same.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to in case of not whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of m?king eut any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of Tltle*»*c# this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Directors, or any Three or more of them, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons so entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Directors, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid [£«r. O’ Pfr.J 29 Z into

Application where the Compensation Money does not exeeed *001, and above sol.

2666 4S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 137-

Money to be into the Bank of England in the Name and with (he Privity of the Ac-

Sank.nt°' C countant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a fuminary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt and Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Uses the fame is or are received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where any Qyeltion shall arise touching the Title to the Money to be paid, the Pei lon who fit all be in possession of the Lands, See. at the ime of such Purchase fli*ll be deemed entitled

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person, to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Money shall have been so paid at the Time of passing this Act, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further er.acted, That where, by Reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Com^an1?thC Money the fame, shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to °mp be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements,

or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reTonable, together

2667

4-8" GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

with the necessary Colls and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Directors, or any Three or more of them,' who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes, as the said Court shall direct.

LV. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will, or Lessee for a Year or Years, or any other Person or Persons in Possession of any such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, which shall be purchased, occupied, taken, and used by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, and who shall have no greater Interest in the Pre-miles than as Tenants at Will, or Lessee for a Year, or from Year to Year, or for Years, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Person Or Persons as they shall appoint to take Possession of the fame, upon receiving Three Calendar Months’ Notice, to quit such Possession from the said Company of Proprietors, ligned by the said Directors, or any Three or more of them, or by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being, or by the Person or Persons so authorized by them, to take such Possession; and such Person or Persons in Possession shall at the End of the said Three Calendar Months, whether such Notice be given with Reference to the Time or Times of such Tenants holding or not, or as soon after as he, she, or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Company of Proprietors, or the Person or Persons authorized by them to take Pofifeflion thereof; and in case any such Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid, shall ref use to give such Possession as aforesaid, (all reasonable Satisfaction being first made or tendered), it shall be lawful for the Directors of the said Company, or any Three or more of them, to issue their Precept ot Precepts to the Mayor of the said Borough, to deliver Possession of the said Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same, and the said Mayor is hereby required by his usual Officers, in the Manner accustomed in the said Borough in Suits in Ejectment, and to deliver Possession of the said Premises accordingly, and to levy such Colls as shall accrue from thellfuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts, on the Person or Persons so refusing to give Possession as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods.

LV1. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, not being in Possession thereof by virtue of such Mortgage or Mortgages, shall, on the Tender of the principal Money and Interest due thereon, together with the Amount of Three Calendar Months’ Interest on the said principal Money by the said Company of Proprietors, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, immediately convey, assign, and transfer such Mortgage or Mortgages to the said Company, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Company of Proprietors, or from such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they w:ll pay off and discharge the principal Money and Interest, which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages at the End or Expiration of Three Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, that then at the End of the said Three Calendar Months, on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, such

Mortgagee

Tenants at Will todelives' r-ofle'lion at Notice.

Mortgagees to convey.

3668

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign, and transfer his, her, or their Interest in the Premises to the said Company of Proprietors, or to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed in Trull for them; and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey and assign as aforesaid, on such Tender or Payment, that then all Interest on every such Mortgage shall from thenceforth cease and determine: Provided always, that in case the Sum due upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages, with all Interest due thereon, shall amount to more than the real Value of the Premises, to be ascertained as directed by this Act, then the said Company of Proprietors shall not be liable to pay the Mortgagee or Mortgagees more than the real Value of such Premises so ascertained as aforesaid: Provided also, that in case any such Mortgagee shall neglect, or refuse to convey or alBgn as aforesaid, then upon Payment of the principal Money and Interest due on any Mortgage as aforesaid into the Bank of England, at the End of Three Calendar Months, from the Day of giving such Notice as aforesaid, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank shall give a Receiptor Receipts for the said Money, in like Manner as is herein-before directed, in Cafes of other Payments into the Bank, and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trull, Property, Claim, and Demand of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person and Persons in Trull for him, her, or them, shall vest in the said Company, and they shall be deemed to be in the actual Possession of the Premises comprized in such Mortgage or Mortgages to all Interests and Purposes whatl’oever.

Rejecting the

LVII. And be it further enacted, That such of the Inhabitants of the Supply of several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, and Places aforesaid, and all such Water. other Persons as shall be desirous of having Water from the said Water Works laid into their Houses, Buildings, or other Premises may and are Personsupau hereby authorized and empowered at their own Expence (having the Con'In* obtained t^e Consent in Writing under the Hand of such Person as mly open3"7 shall be authorized by the said Company of Proprietors or their Directors Ground and to give such Consent) and with the Consent of the Owners of the Pre- the MainsUid m*es through which the Pipes shall be conveyed, to open the Ground by the Com- between the Company’s aqueducts or Main Pipes, and the respective pany‘ Houses, Buildings, or other Premises of such Inhabitants, and to lay any

Leaden Pipe or Pipes (the Bore thereof to be ascertained by the said Company) from such respective Houses, Buildings, or other Premises to communicate with the said aqueducts or Main Pipes, such respective Inhabitants paying to the said Company of Proprietors yearly, half yearly-or quarterly, such Rate or Rates or Sum or Sums of Money for such Water as shall be mutually agreed upon between them; and in case of Default in Payment of any such Rate or Rates, Sum or Sums of Money o to be paid as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to cause the Pipe or Pipes belonging to the Person or Persons making such Default and communicating with the aqueducts and Main Pipes belonging to the said Company of Proprietors to be separated from the same aqueducts or Main Pipes, and to cause the Water to be flopped from ilfuing or running into the House, Building, or other Pie-miles of every Person making such Default; and that the Rate or Rates, Sum or Sums of Money which shall be due and in arrear from such Person or Persons to the said Company of Proprietors shall and may be recovered by the said Company of Proprietors by Dili refs and Sale of the 7* Goods

2669

48° GEORGII III. Cap. i$j.

'Goods and Chattels of the Persons liable to pay the fame, in the same Manner as Rents reserved in Common Demises may by Law be recovered; and if any Person shall lay, or cause to be laid, any Leaden or other Pipe to communicate with any such Aqueduct or Main Pipe belonging to the said Company of Proprietors, without such Consent being obtained as aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every Day such Pipe shall so remain: Provided always, that all and every Person and Persons who shall have laid any Leaden Pipe or Pipes as aforesaid, shall be at liberty to remove and take away such Pipe and Pipes and the Cock or Cocks to such Pipe and Pipes belonging.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when and as ofcen as where any Ground or Pavement shall or may be opened or broken up either by foc

the said Company of Proprietors, or by any other Person or Persons, for laying Pipes, laying, taking up, or repairing any Aquedud or Main Pipe or Communication Pipe by virtue of this Act, then and in every such Case, the icnmaspoii.ble. said Company of Proprietors, or other Persons respectively, shall fill or cause to be filled in such Ground, and also with all convenient Speed cause the said Pavement to be repaired and amended, and the Rubbish occasioned by the opening or breaking up the fame, to be carried away as loon as conveniently may be, and in the mean Time to cause such Ground to be fenced or guarded, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle: Provided always, that if there shall be any wilful or negligent Delay in the said Company of Proprietors, or in any of the Agents or Servants of the said Company of Proprietors, or in any such other Person or Persons, in laying, taking up, or repairing any of the said Aqueducts, or Main Pipes, or any of the said Communication Pipes, or in filling in such Ground, or removing the Rubbish thereby occasioned, or in repairing the said Pavement as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the said Company of Proprietors, or such other Persons so offending respectively, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings.

LIX. And, in order to preserve the Water clean and wholesome, be it For preserving further enacted, That if any Person shall bathe in any Reservoir, Aque- 'the Water dud, Water-way, Feeder, or Pond, made, maintained, or supported by wholesome. virtue of this Act, or wash any Dog or other Animal therein, or throw or caff any Dog or Cat, or any Filch, Dirt, or other noisome or offen-five Thing, or wash or cieanfe any Cloth, or any Wool or Leather, or the Skins of Sheep, Lambs, or other Animals, or any noisome or offensive Thing in any such Reservoir or Aquedud, Water-way, Feeder, or Pond, or cause or suffer the Water of any Sink, Sewer, or Drain, to run or be conveyed into any such Reservoir, Aquedud, Water-way,

Feeder, or Pond, or cause any other Annoyance to be done to the Water, contained in any such Reservoir, Aquedud, Water-way, Feeder, or Pond, whereby or by Means whereof the said Water, or any Part thereof, shall or may be foiled, fouled, or corrupted, then and in each and every such Case, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds.

2670 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 1^.

For hindering

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or plied°wSithP* Persons shall take or use, or cause, permit, or suffer to be taken or used, Waierfrom any Water from or out of any Reservoir, Aquedud, or Pipe which shall others*'"and macle or laid by virtue of this Act, without the previous Consent of

for prevent- the said Company of Proprietors, or if any Person or Persons supplied tmV'Jff uject" Water by virtue of this Act, shall supply any other Person with any Wa-er. Part of such Water, or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully let off, or cause to run to waffe, any Water from any such Aqueduct or Pipe, then and in every such Case, every Person so offending, shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor lei's than Forty Shillings; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, if they shall so think fie, to take or cut off the Water so supplied by the said Company, from the House, Building, or other Premises, of the Person or Persons so offending.

u?n Ca/csc*r‘ LX I. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to fubied any Person or Persons whomsoever, supplied with Water by virtue of this Act, to any Penalty or Forfeiture for supplying any Person or Persons whomsoever with any Quantity of Water in case of Fire, or during any Time that the Pipe or Pipes, Cock or Cocks, belonging to any Person or Persons sup plied with Water by the said Company of Proprietors, shall or may happen to be out of Repair, such Pipe or Pipes, Cock or Cocks, nevertheless being repaired as soon as may be after any Damage shall happen thereto.

For sr.ahiing

LXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and to\nte?PM- for any Engineer, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the milestone Authority of the said Company of Proprietors, or of their Directors, at

nrfof any ^or Times between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon Water. and Four in the Afternoon, to enter into any House, Building, or other Premises, supplied with Water by the said Company of Proprietors, in order to insped and examine if there be any Waste, undue Diversion, or improper Appropriation of the Water lb supplied by the said Company of Proprietors.; and if such Engineer or other Person acting by or under the Authority of the said Company of Proprietors, or their Directors, shall at any Time or Times between the Hours of Ten in the Forenoon and Four in the Afternoon, he refuted Admittance or Entrance into any such Dwelling House, Building, or other Premises, for the Purpose of making such Inspection and Examination as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors to cut and turn off, or cause to be cut and turned off, the Water supplied by the said Company of Proprietors from such House, Building, or other Premises,

cittern* to be

LXIII. And to preventas much as possible the wilfuland negligent Waste provided. Gf Water, be it therefore enacted, That each and every Person supplied with Water by the said Company ot Proprietors shall, and he, she, and they, is and are hereby required to provide a proper Cistern or Cisterns of Lead Brick, Wood, or other Materials, to receive and hold such Quantity of Water as shall be by him, her, or them deemed sufficient for his, her, or their Consumption, and he, she, and they is and are hereby required to provide a Ball and Stop Cock, and to affix or cause to be affixed the same to the Pipe # 9 conducting

2671

48° GEORGII IK. Cap. 137.

conducing the Water from the Main belonging to the said Company of Proprietors to such Cistern or Cisterns for the Purpose of preventing the Water running to waste when the same shall be full j and in case any Person or Persons supplied with Water by the said Company of Proprietors shall neglect to provide such Cistern or Cisterns, and also a Ball and Stop Cock, and to affix or cause to be affixed the fame in Manner aforesaid, for the Purpose of preventing the Water from running inSwafte when such Cistern or Cisterns shall be filled as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors or their Directors, or any Person or Persons acting by virtue of or under the Authority of the said

Company of Proprietors, to cut and turn off the Water, by such Ways and Means as to him or them shall seem right or proper, from the House, Building, or other Premises of every such Person, until such Cistern or Cisterns, and Ball and Stop! Cock shall be provided, and such Ball and Stop Cock added in Manner aforesaid.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That any Person occupying any House, Tenants Messuage, Tenement-, or Hereditament, at their own Cost and Charge Vepai"j*paVt

laying on Pipes to receive Water from the said Water Works, or pur- of their Ex-

chafing the said Pipes, on quitting the fame within Three Months after obtaining the said Supply, in all and every such Case the ensuing Tenant fame, or Landlord shall allow or pay to the Tenant quitting the fame Two Thirds in Value of the Cock, Pipe, and other necessary Apparatus for supplying the said House, Messuage, Tenement, or Hereditament with Water, provided the fame is in good and substantial Repair, and so in like Manner by every succeeding Tenant and Landlord; and if the succeeding Tenant taking the Premises refuses to pay the aforesaid Sum to the quitting Tenant, in such case he is hereby authorized to dedud the Sum from his Rent, or recover the fame from his Landlord by Action or Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall throwanyBal- Penalty on last, Gravel, Si ones, or Rubbish into any Part of the said Water Works, fnei lSc^o"-" Reservoirs, Aqueduds, Watercourses, or Feeders, to be made by virtue doing other of this Act, or shall wantonly or unneccffarily open, or cause to be opened, any Lock, Gate, Paddle, Valve or Clough belonging to the said Water Works, or shall snare, angle, or take any Fish out of the fame, or wash or bathe therein, or if any Person or Persons shall wilfully fluff or draw off, or cause to be fluffed or drawn off, the Water from any Part of the said Water Works, or shall leave open and running any of the said Valves or Cloughs belonging to the fame, or shall draw or cause to be drawn, any Paddle, Valve, or Clough, in any of the Locks,

Stop or Clew Gates on the said Watei Works so as to mispend or waste the Water thereof, its Courses or Feeders, or shall wilfully obstrud, hinder, or prevent any Person in the Execution of this Act, every Person offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Punishm;nt knowingly, wilfully, or maliciously break, throwdown,or destroy any Bank ?ksroyul® or Banks or other Works erected, made, or maintained by virtue of this or s*

Ad, then and in every such Case every such Person shall be judged guilty

of

2672 4-8° GEORGII SIX. Cap.*?7.

oFFelony, and the Court by and before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Court may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petty Larceny.

Finrs and

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all-Fines, Penalties, and Forfei* howrob-re tures» inflicted determined by this Act, or which shall be ilnflided by any Rule, Order, cohered and or Bye Law, to be made in pursuance thereof, the Manner of levying applied. and Recovery whereof is not particularly herein directed, shall, in case of Non payment thereof, on Conviction of the Offender or Offenders respectively, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace, for the Borough of Cckhejiert wherein the Offence shall be committed, or the Offender shall be or reside, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to issue, upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) and all Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties, (the Application whereof is not herein particularly directed) shall be paid into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be applied and disposed of for the Use of the said Company, and the Overplus of the Money raised by such Distress and Sale, after deducting the Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures, and the Expences of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner of the Goods and Chattels so distrained, and for want of diffident Distress, and in case the Fine,'Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to- commit such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Corredionof the said Borough, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

'LX.VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed agai :ft this Act, or against any Order of Se (lions, or against any Bye Law, Rule, Order, or Regulation made in pursuance of this Act, the Form of Conviction shall be in the Words or to the Effect following.; (that is to say),

FormcfCon- < BE it remembered, That on this Day of

viaion. , Jlj jn t^e of the Reign of

‘ sl.B. is convicted before of Mis Majesty’i

‘ Justices of the P ace for the of having

[as the Offence shall be] and I [or we] the said do adjudge him [her or them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum ‘ of Given under my Hand and Seal [or our Hands

‘ and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.*

Appeal.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judgment made or given in pursuance of any Rule, B>e Law, or Order of the said Company of Proprietors or Dircdors, or by any Order, Judgment, or Determination

26 7,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. izj.

termination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, relating to any Matter or Thing in this Act mentioned or contained, then and in every such Case such Person or Persons may within Six Calendar Months next after such Order, Judgment, or Determination shall have been made or given, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General or Quarter Session of the Peace, to be holden in and for the Borough of Colchester (first giving Fourteen Days’ Notice of such Appeal to the Person or Persons appealed against, and of the Nature and Matter thereof, and forthwith after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said Borough, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order and Award of the said Court thereon); and the said Justices shall in a luminary Way either hear and determine the said Appeal at such General or Quarter Sessions, or if they think proper, may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General or Quarter Session* of the Peace to be holden for the said Borough, and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Forfeiture or Fine, and may order the Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye Law, Order, Judgment, or Determination, and may also order and award such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Judgment, Proceeding* Conviction, or other Proceeding, touchng or concerning any of the Juafoedor Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning any Offence against this Act, removed by shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or Cemoran* removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made i^nUwdu*to for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress for want of itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making Fonn-the fame be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Information* Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plain- piaintiffnot to tiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in after renderr Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at of Amend*, his, har, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought, and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the [_Loc. & Per.~\ 3oB Defendant

2674

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 137.

Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court 'where such Action shall depend at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think lit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, snd Judgment, shall be had, made, and given in and by such Court as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Limitation of

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Ad ion or Suit shall be

Actions. brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next alter the Fad committed, or in case there shall be a Continuation of the Damages, then within Six Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall have ceased, and not afterwardsj and shall be laid or brought in the County or Place where the Matter in Dispute, or Cause of Action shall arise and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, and if any such Action or Suit shall have been brought before the Expiration of Twenty-one Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time so limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer or otherwise Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Double Cells, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Colls of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

Tah ic Act

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan? Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 138.

An Act to continue the Term and alter and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts, of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from near Milford, through Haslemere, to the Portsmouth Road between Lip-pock and Rah, in the Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton.

[23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign 4 g 3. c. 63. of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road from a Place near the Village of Milford, through Haslemere, to the Portsmouth Road between Lippock and Rake, in the several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton: And whereas an 27 G. 3. c. jj* Act was passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His said Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing, andenlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, paJJ'ea in the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from a Place near the Village of Milford, through Haslemere, to the Portsmouth Road, between Lippock and Rake, in the several Counties of Surrey, JSuffex, and Southampton: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the fame in Execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted and continued by the said Acts; which Money frill remains due and owing, and cannot be paid off, nor can the said Roads be properly amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted and [Loc. & Per.] 30 C continued

2678

The laid Acts further continued.

Sa much of last Act as relates to the jRaad from Milford to Fasnhurst

For repealing former Toils and granting iiew ones-

New Tolls.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 138.

continued by the said Acts is further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, find enlarged, and it is necessary that the Tolls granted and continued by the said Acts mould be encreased; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts passed in the Fourth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein respectively contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also except so much and such Part or Parts thereof as are by this Act varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and the same are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, and shall be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which (except the Tolls herein-after mentioned) shall commence and take Effect from the passing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term and Toils hereby granted, shall be subject and liable as well to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said Acts, or on the Credit of the Toils thereby granted and continued, and now payable at the several Gates or Turnpikes now erected or hereafter to be erected on the said Roads, as also to the Payment of all Money which shall hereafter be borrowed for the Purposes of this Act, and of the Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That so much of the last recited Act as enads. That the said Trustees shall and they are thereby required to cause the said Road leading from the Village of Milford aforesaid, through Haslemere, to the Forty-third Mile Stone near Farnhurst Lane in the said County of Surrey, to be repaired and amended before the other Roads comprized in the said Act shall be repaired and amended, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

III. And whereas the Tolls granted and continued by the said Acts have been found inefficient, be it therefore enacted, That, from and after the Third Monday next after the passing of this Act, the said 'lolls shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that instead thereof there shall be demanded and taken before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, or other Animal or Thing liable to pay the Tolls herein-after mentioned shall be permitted to pass through any Gate or Turnpike now erected or hereafter to be erected on the said Roads or any Part thereof, such 'lolls as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint, not exceeding the several and respective Sums herein-after mentioned; (that is to say)

For each and every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Beast of Draught, drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Calaffi, Chair, Caravan, Chaise Marine, Car, Hearse, Waggon, Wain, Cart, Frame, Dray, or other Carriage with Wheels of any and every Breadth, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For

f8- GEORGII III. Cup. 138. *679

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Act, or other Beast of Burthen, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Sixpence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which said several and respective Tolls shall be and the same are hereby Toils veiled made payable, and shall and may be demanded, taken, and received at 1,1 Tlll> 5Ca* each and every Gate now erected or hereafter to be erected on the said Roads; and the same shall be and are hereby verted in the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act; and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, recovered, levied, paid and applied, artigned, lessened, varied, and disposed of, in such and the same Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Powers, Provisions, Kerne* dies, and Restrictions, as are contained in the said Acts respecting the Tolls thereby or by either of them authorized to be taken,

IV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall and Toils to be may be lawful for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Ani- For^passing"0* mal liable to Toll, and whether drawing or laden or not drawing or not through laden, having parted through any one Gate now erected or hereafter to Gates*

be erected on the said Road by virtue of the said Acts or this Act, and having paid Toll thereat on the same Day, to pass through any other Gate or Gates now erected or hereafter to be erected on the said Road by virtue of the said Acts or this Act, without paying any further Toll, in such Cases and under such Regulations as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands shall order or direct.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Powtr to r*-Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think Toil Gate*, proper (with the Consent and Approbation of such Person or Persons as ^J‘1tth0fha c°"* shall be entitled to Two-third Parts at the ieaft of the Money which shall tain Proper- be then due and owing upon the Credit of the said Tolls, but not other- '*°n V. the wife) to cause any of the Turnpikes or Toll Gates erected or to be erected ll°r* by virtue of the said Acts or of this Act, in, upon, or across the said Roads,

to be removed to and erected in, upon, or across such other Part or Parts of the said Roads, as to the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall seem expedient; and again from Time to Time as often as they shall think fit, to remove the fame Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and to cause the same to be erected in, upon, or across the Part or Parts of the said Roads whereon they formerly flood, or in, upon, or across any other Part or Parts thereof: Provided nevertheless, that no such Removal shall be made without Ten Days previous Notice of the Intention to remove the fame being given upon all the Turnpikes then erected on the said Road, and inserted in some Newspaper or Newspapers circulated in the fai4 several Counties.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes in which Oxen or Two Oxen Neat Cattle drawing or laden shall be used, Two Oxen or Neat Cattle

shall be considered as One Horse, for all the Purposos of the said Acts and $ this Act with respect to the said Tolls.

2680

TralleM to vary Tulls.

Fixing the Number of Trustees to be at Meetings,

Exemptions.

48° GEORGII III. Cutp.i38.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, to reduce, vary, or alter all or any or either of the several Toils aforesaid as they jfha.ll think proper and fee Occasion, and to raise the fame again, provided they do not at any Time exceed the Tolls granted by this Act; and provided such Reduction be with the Consent of Two-third Parts in Value of the several Persons who shall have advanced any Money on the Credit of the Tolls.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where by the said recited Acts or either of them, Nine Trustees are required to be present at any Meeting for putting the said Acts or either of them in Execution, so far as relates to the said' Road, it shall be lawful for any Seven or more of the said Trustees to act at such Meeting; and in all Cafes where by the said Acts, or either of them. Seven Trustees are required- to be present at any such Meeting for the Purposes aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Five or more of the said Trustees to act at such Meeting; in which respective Cafes all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of such Trustees, at such respective Meetings, shall be as valid and effectual as if the Number of Trustees required by the said recited Acts, or either of them, to be present at such Meetings respectively had been then present and concerned therein; any Thing in the said recited Acts or either of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or received for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle, drawing any Carriage going for, or returning laden with or unladen having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing any Road or Highway, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, Salt, Sand, or Compofl of any Kind (Chalk and Lime excepted) for the manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground; nor shall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Carriage or Cattle that shall be actually going to or returning from being used or employed in the plowing, sowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Ground, or going for or returning laden with or unladen, having been laden only with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood, not carried for Hire, nor sold or disposed of, but to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Yards, or on the Premises of the Owner or Owners thereof, or with any Plough, Harrow, Dray, or other Implement of Husbandry; nor for any Horse or other Beast or Cattle drawing or carrying the fame in order for the repairing thereof, or using the fame in Husbandry; nor for any Horse or other Beast or Cattle, going to or returning from Water or Pasture, or going to be or returning from being shoed or farried, and which shall not in so going or returning pass upon any of the said Roads for more than the Space of Two Miles; nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expreftes under the A aho-rity of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the feme, or in returning. back fro 1 conveying the fame; or for the Horses of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages or Horses or other Beasts employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of such Soldiers; nor for any-Horse, Mere, or Gelding hirnished by or for any Person belonging so any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided such Persons

9 ..are

2681

4.8® GEORGII III. Cap. 118.

are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption; nor for any Carriage, Horse, or other Bead; employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Passes; nor shall any of the Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken from any Inhabitants of any Parish through which any Part of the said Roads doth lie, who shall pass through any of the said Turnpikes to or from his, her, or their respective Parish Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on Sundays, or on Christmas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person dying and to be buried in any of the said Parishes; nor from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his parochial or miniderial Duty on a Sunday or on Christmas Day, Good Friday, on on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered ,by Authority to be celebrated; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Horse, Cattle, or Bead carrying any Passenger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calafli, or Chair, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for either of the said several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, or Southampton, on the Day or Days cf such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the: Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, ' or shall make use of any Fraud whatsoever whereby the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, shall be evadeJ, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and of this Act, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the Informer or Informers.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Liti- Collector* of gation shall arise touching or in any wise relating to the Tolls by the said to^be’com recited Acts or this Act authorized to be collected, or any of them, the tent wit-' ’ Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Per ion or neffc"* Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not

be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being so appointed to collect the said Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be Tru*e«maj sued in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer; and that no Action to be the brought or commenced by or against' the said Trustees, or any of them, Nime ;f their by virtue or on account of the said Act, or of this Act, in the Name of xresiurer their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; but the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action (as the Case shall be): Provided always, that every such Clerk or Treasurer, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of the said Acts or this Act, shall always be reim-bui fed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of the said Acts and \<Lqc. Cs? Per.'] 30 D this

2682

Direc'ing the

A plication of the Money ]mid 1 or CW pen fation ior Lands,

&c. when amounting to or exceeding cool.

When te's

than acol. and CACeeding jo 1.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 138.

this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event of any such Proceedings he shall be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his being lo made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Te> ements, or Hereditaments purchased taken, or used by virtue of the Poweis of the said Acts or eirher of them, and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Cov rt, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Dilabiiity or Incapacity, as in the said firit-recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the fame shall amount to or exceed the Sum of i v/o hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name an with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placet! to his Account ex parte the Trullees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under he Direfbqn and with the Approbation of the said Coun, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lancs, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge cf any Debt or Debts, or fuel) other Incumbrances, or Parts thereof, as the said Court shall«authorize to be paid, affecting the fame L ands, Tenemen s, or Heredi'aments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled iherew ih to the fame or the like Uies, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the Laid Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Interns, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited* or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exirting undetermined and capable of taking Efleer; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends or Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons, who would (for the Time being) have been entitled to the Rents an 1 Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforei.id, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any DifaHiity or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be leis than the Sum of Two hundred IVunds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being

entitled

2683

48° GEORGII III. Cap. r.;v8.

entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-ments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Lunacy, or other Disability or Incapacity, to be signified in Writing under th ir respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-befoTe directed; or otherwise the fame (halt be paid at the like Option, to Two 1 rupees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Op ion^ and approved of by F ve or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Ca'e be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Order, Direction, or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Mo- when ’eft ney so agreed or awarded to he paid as next before mentioned, shall not thamol. exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all loch Cafes the fame

shall be paid to or applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for ti e lime being have been entitled to the Rents ai d Profits of the Lands, 1 enem-nts, or Hereditaments l'opurch a fed, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts or this Act, in such Manner as the said 1 nifiei-s or any Five or more Of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy,

Lunacy, or other Disability or Incapacity, then to his, her, or the.r Guardian or Gua dians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or Lrufiees, to and for the Use and Benefit or such Person or Persons lo entitled respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to j, cnfe 0fno* whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of m;k n?out

any L ands. Tenements, or He editaments lo be purcha ed by virtue of 1:aes» the said A£h and this Act shall refule to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; or in ca e such Person or or if Person* Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such °u ’ Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or dii'covered, then p.irchafi and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Money Trustees, or any five or more of rhem, to order the said Sum or Sums of Jhe^Bank*' Money so awarded as r.foresaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Frivirv of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interestrd in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing the m]; subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said fiibieft to the Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to any such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part 1 har.ceryon thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a p^t\°nn01’ summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall v seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inveded in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends

thereof.

2684.

Upon any Question of Title to the Money so to be paid, Persons then in Possession. to be deemed entitled to the Money.

The Court may order reasonable F.xpanres of Purchase* to be paid by the Trustee*.

Persons chargeable 10 Statute Work, to continue so.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 138,

thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Caffiiers of the Bank of Englandwho shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance' of the said Acts, or either of them, or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be ffiewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of such Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, anddisposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that Tome other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by the said Trustees under the Authority of the said Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid as herein-before directed, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful /or the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said Acts, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for the last mentioned Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Roads by the said Acts or either of them, or by this Act, directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the

2 Peace

2685

to gi, tiotillj

Cciied,

Money

ill*

*Btik t Gene-< tidia an, or J Sack :aii ot ill kilt at the foil 0! Itemed Hi, or ail be Dm. ill such id, ip. nolle (some Lands,

re determined by iCor-epur-

it this

laid as I. and), purse. lences his or deem ining item, men-

0 hie-1.* Pan

y

file

leu*

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 138.

Peace for any or either of the said several Counties of Surrey, Sussex, and Southampton, and they ire hereby required and empowered within their respective Jurisdictions,'upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Monies received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of Or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute now in Force and Effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable* and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Iiaytime or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall, from Time to Time, order, direct, and appoint j and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Person or Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty or Forfeiture is by the said first-recited Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or of the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, so directed to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject and liable to in the like Cales, by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said 1st Per.] 30 £ Roads,

Justicei to

determine

Differences

touching

Statute

Work.

2686

4$# GEORGII III. Cap. 138.

Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person fending any such Person so found idle or negligent as aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the respective Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures last aforesaid, as if he the Person so found idle or negligent had not come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or their Treasurer, and applied towards the amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or neglect to give in any such Lift as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in any false or imperfect Lift, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings: Provided that nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to prohibit or prevent any Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any Parish, Township, or Place from compounding or agreeing for or in lieu of Statute Work, in such Manner as by the said first-recited Act is enacted, nor to prohibit or prevent the recovering of the Composition Monies in Manner by the same Act directed.

For paying

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and

t^in* Act* Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as shall be advanced, borrowed, or lent for Payment of the fame, and all Interest to grow due thereon, shall be paid out of the first Money which shall arise or be received by virtue of the said Acts or of this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

Publick Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

Tern-"-

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon ;nUc the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in Force and be executed for and during the Residue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. i8c8.

k'itj

cfjj

?®!|J

DJt ca ssaid 9p5ed

Wt ot 'ftfafs

fending 6F°ny wirued fays of loria Aa is wiioofl

s and $ Ad, d,boiv iw due ecdved erPay-

taken

brail

upon

edfor

ranted

icreof,

hence

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*m

Cap. 139.

An Act for repairing the Roads from Tavernspite to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubber-J fton Haking, and from Lovefton Mountain to Cana-Jion Bridge, in the County of Pembroke,

[_23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Eleventh Year of His present , r <*.

Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing, widening, mid c. 116. keeping in Repair federal Roads leading from Tavernspite to the Towns of Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hubberffon Haking in the County of Pembroke: And whereas another Act was passed in the 30 G. 3. Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for en- c* 91* larging the Term of an Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing« widening, and keeping in Repair everal Roads leading from Tavernspite to the Towns ^Pembroke and Tenby, and to Hub-bet Hon Haking, in the County of Pembroke: And whereas a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed, and is now due and owing, upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts, which Money cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in good Repair, unless the said Acts are further continued, and it would tend to the more easy and effectual Reparation of the said Roads if the said Acts were repealed, and further and other Powers granted instead thereof: And whereas it would be of great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of great public Utility, if the Road leading from the Pembroke Turnpike Road on Lovcston Mountain through Cana (ton Wood to Canajion Bridge, in the said County of Pembroke, was effectually amended and repaired, and put under the Care of the Trustees [£» Ar.] 30 F for

2690 4-S° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

for repairing the said Roads; May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and I empo-ral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts of the Eleventh and Thirtieth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty shall, on the Eighteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, be, and the same are hereby declared to be repealed, and thatinstead thereof this Act shall commence and take effect, and be put in Execution for and during the Term . herein-after mentioned, for repairing, widening and improving the Road leading from Tavernspite, in the Parish of Kiffig, on the Borders of the County of Carmarthen, to a certain Place called Narhcrth Mountain, and to and through the Town of Narberth to Canaston B> idge, and from thence to Cartlade Bridge, near the Town and County of Haverfordwest; and also the high Road leading from Marlin's otherwise Maudlin's Bridge, in the Parish of Saint Iffels Haroldftone, to and through Fowler s Lane, in the Hamlets of the Parish of St. Thomas, and by Teer's Cross, in the Parish of S taint on, and through the Parish of Robefton West, to Hubberston Iiak/?igf in the Parish of Hubberston, near the Harbour of Milford; and also the high Roads from Narberth Mountain aforesaid to and through the Village of Templeton, and over Templeton Mountain and Bishop s Bridge, to and through the Village of Creffelly, to Carew Bridge, and from thence to the Town of Pembroke; and also the high Road from the Village of Templeton aforesaid to Bigelly, over King's Moor Common, to a Place called Hill, in the said Parish of Saint Iffels, over 'a Place called Stoney Bridge, an.; to and through the Out Liberties of Tenby to the Town of Tenby, in the said County; and also the Road leading from the Pembroke Turnpike Road on Lovefton Mountain through Canaston Wood to Canaston Bridge, in the said County of Pembroke; and that this Act, and all the Tolls which shall be collected upon the said Roads, shall be and are^ hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on the Accoum of the said recited Acts, and to the Payment of all Money which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

Furdischarg-

II. And whereas it might be advantageous to the Public that so much

tee/oTth ruf l*le ^oac* as exten's from the Merlins Bridge to the Junction of

Care of Part Hubberston Road with the Milford Road, being a Distance of One hun-of the Road, dred and fifty Yards, or thereabouts, should no longer be repaired by the Trustees for putting into Execution the said recited Acts and this Act, in case a new Branch of Road from near Merlins Bridge to Cartlet Bridge in the County of Pembroke, should be made j be it therefore enacted That when and so soon as the said new Branch of Road shall be made, the Trustees for executing the said first recited Act, and this Act, shall be and they are hereby discharged from the Care and Management of the said Piece of Road herein-before mentioned and described.

Trustees.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Richard

Lord Milford, the Right Honourable William Lord Kenftngton, the Right Honourable Charles Francis Greville, Sir Hugh Owen Baronet, John Hen-sleigh Men, Lancelot Baugh Allen, John Philipps Adams, Joseph Adams, Alexander Adams, Dudley Ackland Senior, Dudley Ackland Junior, James

Ackland,

2691

Ml,

klttull ufie ars

1 co®. Term: Road 5 d the and whence and also

!> in the in the

huihof

Blktr.fr ilb the

7%

a aid

to tlis nipkim ', in the .10 ltd lit H itadoi tie aid toil be Ami outlie isot of on tie

mere-

i much ion of ie tatty the i, in

(But: Tinl-d ibet' ieccoi

tW

Right >fiif l&®<

y#'

4S» GEORGII III. Cap. 130.

Ackland, David Bird Alien Clerk, Thomas /Hen, "John Allen, William Ayleway, Hugh Barlow, Joseph Foster Barham, Hugh Webb Bowen, William Brigjlock, Senior, William Brig flock Junior, John Bateman, Thomas Bate-.man Clerk, "John Beynon of Trewern, the Honourable John Cam 'bell, the Honourable George Pryfe Campbell John Powell Cvny Clerk, James Child,

John Colby, Lewis Child, Henry Davis, WiUam Davies, th* Honourable Edward Henry Edwardes, Francis Edwardes, William Edw.mdes Clerk,

William Evans Clerk, William Evans of Haverfordwest, John Evans,

Roger Eaton, Thomas Eaton, John Herbert Foley, Richard Fenton, William Fortune, the Honourable Robert Fulke Greville, John Higgon, jame< Hig-gon, Samel Harris, John Hardinge Harris, George Harris Doctor of Physic,

Will;am Harris, 'sohn Hill Harries. George Harries George Harries of Tregwint, John Holcombe Clerk, John Harding John Humphreys CL rk,

Edward Warren Jones, John Jones Clerk, John James, Thomas Lloyd of Bnnwydd, John Lloyd of Dale Castle, John Philipps Laugh me, John Laugha aie, Abraham Leach, lohn Leach, David Lewis, William Lloyd,

Henry Leach, v homas Lewis, Henry Mathias, John Mathias of Llangwar-ren, John Mathias of Haverfordwe \ John Francis Meyrick, Thomas Mey-rick, John Cozens, John Tajher Nash Clerk, Doctor in Divinity, John Philipps Clerk, Doctor in Divinity, George Parry, John Phelps of Withy-bitjh, Thomas Phelps Clerk, Thomas Pifton, Nathaniel Phillips, Owen Philipps, John Lort Phillips, Robert Bateman Prujl, David Runwa Payn-ter, Charles Pigot Pritchett Clerk, George Phillips Clerk, George Roch of Clareiion, Benjamin Rotcb, George Roch of Butterhill, James Rees Clerk,

Henry Rees, Nicholas Roch, Nicholas Roch Clerk, William Henry Scourfield,

Francis Skyrme, John Rees Stokes, James Summers Clerk, Anthony Inflis Stokes, Thomas Tucker of Haverfordwest, William Edwardes Tucker,

Thomas Edward-.s Tucker James Thomas Clerk, William Thomas Doctor of Physic, Gwynn Gill Vaughan, Thomas Williams, Thomas Wright, John Willy, and George IVyke, and their Successors, to be elected in Manner here-in-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making, maintaining, ahering, repairing, and improving the said Roads, and that they or any Five or more of them, at such Meeting or Meetings as hererein-alter directed, unless ,where otherwise herein-afeer specified, shall and may and are hereby authorized'and empowered, to carry this Act, and all the Matters and Things herein contained or directed to be done by the said Truliees, into Execution and Effect.

IV. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Refusal, or Dif- Election rf ability of any of the said Trustees hereby appointed, or their Successors (to new Trusteea. be elected in Manner herein mentioned) to ad in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Trustees from Time to Time to elect and appoint one other Person to be a Trustee in the Room of each Truifee so dying or refusing or being incapable of acting, and Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election shall, by the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being, be inserted in fotne Newspaper or Newspapers published or circulated in the said County of Pembroke, and shall be aflixed on a 1 and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be (landing on the said Roads, at lealt Ten Days before such Meeting; and every Person so elected a new Trustee as aforesaid, being qualified as herein-after mentioned, shall be and he is hereby empowered to ad in the Execution of this Act to all Intents and

Purposes

2692 4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

Purposes in as full and ample Manner as the Trustee in whole Room or Stead he shall have been so elected.

Qualification V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be ot Trustee. capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right or the Right of his Wife in the actual Possession or R eceipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds, or be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal together, of the Value of Two thousand Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person possessed of an Estate in Land of the clear yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds; nor shall any such Person be capable of acting in the Execution of this Act, save and exept in administering the Oath following to the other Trustees, until he (not being such Heir Apparent as aforesaid) shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following before any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same; (that is to say)

c T do swear. That I truly and bond fide am in my own Right

‘ [or, in Right of my Wife, as the Case may be] in the actual Possession ‘ or Enjoyment of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly

Value of One hundred Pounds, or possessed of or entitled to a Personal 6 Estate alone, or Real and Personal together, of the Amount or Value of Two thousand Pounds.

'So help me GOD.*

All Acts of Trustees noc qualified, if

Conviction valid.

And if any Person not being so qualified shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall Cue for the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as good, valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

ViainH-rs

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons & . incapable who shall keep any Victualling House, or other House of public Entertain-or acting. meat, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other Strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of taking, holding, or enjoying any Place or Places of Trull or Profit’under the said Trustees, or ot collecting the Tolls hereby granted and made payable and to be collected on the said Roads during such Time as he, she or they shall keep such Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of public Lmatainment, or shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other

Strong

48c' GEORGII III. Cap. 139. 2693

Strong Liquors by Retail; but no such Person shall be precluded from farming such Tolls, provided he, she, or they employ a Person or Persons to collect such Tolls who shall not be under any such Incapacity.

VII. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as are or Trustees may

shall be Justices of the Peace, shall and may in their respective Jurisdictions, a&asjuftxes, and they are hereby empowered to act as Justices of the Peace in the Execu- ere

tion of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such

Cafes where they shall be personally interested.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees orany Five or more Time of x>f them shall, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to meet to- Meeting, gether at the Castle Inn in HatverfordweJlt the Eighteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, at Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall then adjourn themselves, and from Time to Time afterwards meet at and again adjourn to

such Place near to the said Roads, as they the said Trustees, or any Two or Trusteeg to more of them, shall think proper; and the said Trustees at all their Meet- defray their ings shall defray their own Expences. pTces*"

IX. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That all Orders and Deter- Orders of one

minations made at any Meeting of the said Trustees shall be made by a Meeting not Majority of the Trustees then present; and no Order or Determination Another

shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting unless Nine Trustees except in shall be present, and Seven of them shall decide in Favour of such Revo- certain Carc*. cation or Alteration, and unless the Person or Persons applying to revoke

or alter any such Order, shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the Clerk or Clerks or to the Person or Persons acting as Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, to be by him or them affixed and inserted in Manner hereinbefore directed with respect to Notices for the Election of New Trustees, at least Ten Days previous to any Meeting.

X. And be it further enacted, That if after Adjournment of any Meet- Meetings on ing of the said Trustees, it shall be thought necessary that an earlier Day of £raergencie«. Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by any Adjournment,

or if for want of a proper Adjournment or otherwise it shall be necessary to call a Meeting of the said Trustees, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing, signed by Two or more of them mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Seven Days after such Notice) and such Meeting shall and may be held accordingly, and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at all such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may at Trustees to their first or any subsequent Meeting, by Writing under their Hands, con- appoint tinue or elect.and appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Re- 0fiicer*-ceiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls by this Act granted, and shall take such Security from such Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, for the due and faithful Execution of his or their Office or Offices, as the said Trustees shall think (it,

tLoc. & Per.] *30 G and

2694 4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

and shall also elect and appoint a Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officers as the said Trustees shall think proper, and also may from Time to Time remove such Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors» and other Officers, or any of them, as the said Trustees shall fee Occasion, and appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed, or shall die, resign, or refuse or neglect to perform, or become incapable of performing their Duty; and the said Trustees shall and may, out of the Money to be raised and received by virtue of this Act, give such Salaries or make such Allowance to the Clerks, Treasurers, Receivers, Golleftors; Surveyors, or other Officers so appointed, for and in Consideration of the Care and Pains respectively taken in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Persons who shall be assisting in and about the Exe* Officers to cution of this Act, as to them the said Trustees shall seem proper; and

account. all such Officers and other Persons shall upon their respective Oaths if there-

unto required by the said Trustees (which Oaths the said Trustees or any one or more of them is and are hereby empowered to administer) from Time to Time and as often as they shall be called upon for that Purpose; produce and give up to such Trustees, full, true, and perfect Accounts in Writing under their respective Hands, of all Monies which shall have been, by them respectively had, received or collected, and how, to whom, and for what Purposes such Monies and every Part thereof shall have been paid, disposed of, or applied, together with proper Receipts and Vouchers for such Payments, and shall and are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies as shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons, or for such Uses and Purposes as Proceedings they shall direct and appoint; and if such Officer or Person (being required against Offi- rQ refuse or neglect to render and give up or verify upon

to^ccouni fr Oath such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up deliverBooks, to the said Trustees the Receipts and Vouchers relating to the fame, or to &c. pay as aforesaid any Sum or Sums of Money which shall appear to remain

in his or their Hands, or shall not deliver to the said Trustees, within Seven Days after being the reunto required by them, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in any of the said Cafes, any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the Riding, Town or Place wherein such Officer or Person shall be and reside, shall, upon Complaint of the said Trustees or of any One or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they or any One or more of them shall appoint for that Purpose, issue a Summons under his or their Hand or Hands for such Officer or Person to appear before him or them, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, shall make Enquiry concerning such Default, and hear and determine the Matter in a summary Way, and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices, is and are hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward) it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that any of the Monies which shall have been raised or collected under this Act, shall remain due from such Officer or Person, such Justice or Justices may and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Person; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Person can be found sufficient to satisfy the said Money and the Charges of distraining

I' and

48° GEORGII III. Gap. 139. 2695

find felling the said Goods and Chattels, or if any such Officer or Person shall be convicted of any other of the Offences aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall and may commit such Officer or Person to the Common Gaol for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until such Officer or Person shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and verify the same as aforesaid, and make such Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the fame, and shall have paid such Composition Money to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and-accept) or until such Officer or Person shall have delivered up such Books, Papers and Writings as aforesaid, or given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees: Provided always, that no such Officer or other Person so committed as aforesaid shall be confined or detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Space of Time than Three Calendar Months,

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall on the First Day of April annually make up an Account of the Receipts and Payments of the preceding Year, and cause an Abstract of the same to be primed and delivered to any Trustee or Creditor requiring the same.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls shall die, neglect, or refuse to perform or become incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting of the said Trustees to be appointed by virtue of this Act, to discharge such Collector or Receiver so neglecting or refusing to perform or incapable of performing his Duty, or absconding or absenting himself, and nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls (to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees) in the Stead of such Collector or Receiver as shall so die cr be discharged; and such Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner, in all Respects, as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person or Persons, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toil House or Building to be erected or set up on the said Roads for the Space of Three Days after Demand thereof made and Notice hfc Writing given for that Purpose by any Two or more of the said Trustees although not assembled at a Meeting), or by their Clerk, or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, then and in any of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer for the said County, with such Assistance as may be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day Time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the fame, and to put the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or such new-appointed Coledor or Receiver, into the Possession thereof.

Abstract ^c-

Trustee cr Creditor. Trustees may remove Collectors and appoint tem-

Co!Ie£lors

refuficg to

Justices cm. powered to grant War-

2696

trcaToN* Houses, & 1

Tolls.

Rigfit of ercftins Turnpikes.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

iy

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may>

from Time to Time, cause to be continued or ereCled and set up such and ' so many Turnpikes or Toll Gates, in, upon, or across, or on the Side or Sides of any Part or Parrs of the said Roads and across any Lane or Way leading into, from, or out of the fame, and also such Toll House or Houses, Weighing Engine or Engines to each Gate or Turnpike, or otherwise, as they shall think necessary, with suitable Out-buildings thereto, and also may inclose from the said Roads convenient Garden Spots to the said Toll Houses, as they may judge proper, and may cause any such Turnpikes, Toll Gates, Toll Houses, Weighing Engines, or other Buildings from Time to Time to be discontinued, taken down, removed, or altered, as they shall judge proper, which said Turnpikes. Toll Houses, Weighing Engines, and Buildings and all Materials for making or repairing the fame, are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and that the following Sums of Money shall' and may be demanded and taken as Tolls before any Horse, Cattle or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through any such Turnpikes or Toll Gates respectively; (that is to say)

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Curricle, Chaise, Calash, or other such like Carriage, or Hearse, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Three pence; for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny; for every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, per Score, (and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity), the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence; and for every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, per Score), and so in Proportion for any greater or Ids Quantity), the Sum of Ten-pence.

Which said respective Tolls shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls, shall, after Demand thereof made by any Collector or Collectors to be continued or appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay the fame or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the said respective Collectors of the Tolls, or other Person or Persons whom they or any them shall take to their Assistance therein, to seize and distrain any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle upon which any such Tolls are by this Act imposed, belonging to any Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing or liable to pay the Tolls as aforesaid (except the Bridle or Reins of any such Horse or other Beast, separate from such Horse or other Beast); and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within the Space of Two Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so seizing and dif-training shall and may fell the Horse or other Bead or Cattle so seized and distrained, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner thereof, after such 'lolls and all reasonable Charges shall be deducted.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Turnpike or Toll Gate shall be erected nearer the Town of Haverfirdweji> on the Road called the Carmarthen Road, than the East End of Cartlet Bridge, nor on the Road called the Hubberjion Road than One hundred Yards of the Junction of the Hubberjion Road with the Milford Road.

2697

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That ho Person shall be liable to pay more than once for passing or repairing at any Time or Times in any One Day (to be computed from 7 welve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) with the fame Horses, Cattle, or Carriages respectively through any of the Turnpikes to be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, but that any Person after having paid Toil once, and producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment shall afterwards be permitted to pass with every such Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, Toll free, during such Day, through any of the said Turnpikes for which such Person or Persons shall have lo paid Toll once during such Day, which Note or Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the Toll.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be subject to the Payment of the Tolls hereby granted for any Horle, Cattle, or Carriage, at more than one Gate or Turnpike on the Road between Hubbcrston and the Termination of the Road at or near the South Side of Merlin s, other wise Maudlin's Bridge. or at more than Three Gates or Turnpikes on the Road between the East Side of Cartlet Bridge and Tavernspite, or at more than Two Gates or Turnpikes between the Town of Pembroke and Tavernspite, or at more than one Gate or Turnpike between the Village of Templeton and the Town of Tenby, or at more than One Gate or Turnpike between Loveston Mountain and Canaston Bridge.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, 7’hat no Person shall be exempted from the Payment of the Tolls hereby granted for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage, at any Gate or Turnpike which shall be erected between the Village of Templeton and the Town of Tenby, or between Loveston Mountain and Canaflon Bridge, through Canaston Wood, for or by reason of having paid Toll at any other Gate or Turnpike continued or erected by virtue of this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which Meeting Ten Days Notice shall be given in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and shall be affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be (landing on the said Roads from Time to Time, to lessen or reduce all or any of the said Tolls, and also any additional Tolls, payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force for Overweight, in such Manner as to them shall seem fit and convenient, for and during such 7'ime as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and afterwards at any fleeting to be holden as aforesaid, from Time to Time, if they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced^ to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the several Rates granted by this Act, or now made payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force and effect with respect to Overweight: Provided nevertheless, that when the whole Money borrowed on the Credit of the said 7'olls shall not have been paid and discharged, such Tolls shall not be lessened or reduced without the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Five Sixths of the Money remaining due upon the Credit of the said Tolls.

No more than One Toll to be taken in One Day.

Regulating

the Payment of Tolls between certain Places.

Na Person

having paid Toll to be exempted from Payment thereof in certain Places.

Trustees may reduce the Tolls,

and afterwards ad-

again to any

ceeding the Rates before granted; provided no Reduction be made without the Consent ol Creditors,

2698 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

Tolls may be

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and

let. for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered at any Meeting, upon

Twenty Days Notice being given in such Newspaper or New I papers as aforesaid, and affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be (landing on the said Roads, to let or farm the said lolls to be collected by virtue of this Act crany Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons at and for the largest Yearly Sum that can be reasonably got for the fame, provided that the Leases, Contracts, or Agreements of or for the fame be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Person or Persons taking or farming such Tolls, and also by the said Trustees, but the same shall not be let for more than Three Years at any One Time; and the Rent which shall be agreed to be paid for the said Tolls shall be made payable and shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, so that One Quarterly Payment of such Rent shall always be in advance, or sufficient Security given for the Payment of such Rent to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in Default thereof every such Lease, Contract, or Agreement shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Lessees of

XXI. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said

Tolls may ap- Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof shall be leased, demised, or in farm to

pome Persons any person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for fame^eiVC C Lessee or Leftees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Persons

as he or they shall by Writing or Writings under his or their Hand or Hands authorize or appoint, to demand and take the said Tolls so lealed, demised, or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof to all Intents and Purposes as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees, is hereby authorized and empowered to demand, take, and ‘recover the fame; and such Lessee or Leftees, Farmer or Farmers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, so demanding and taking the said Tolls, shall be subjcd to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be

liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions as any Collector of the said

Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is subject or liable to.

For fettT'rng

XXIL. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen Disputes con- about the Amount of the Tolls, or the Charges of making, keeping, or fell-ToU«1S ’nS Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Persons so distraining, ° to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof (as the

Cafe may happen) till the Amount of the Tolls due and the Charges of the Distress and Sale and of keeping the Distress be ascerrained by some J.ustice of the Peace for the said County, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and also assess the Charges of such Distress and keeping or Sale of the fame, and of the Collector’s Attendance for that Purpose upon the said Justice; all which Sums so determined or assessfed shall be paid to the said Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress or the Overplus, after Sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

Keepers

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or

coinpc '-nt Litigation shall aril'e touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, the

Witmlijj. Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons adint: by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by

reason

2699

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

reason of his, her, or their being so appointed, or being paid to collect the Tolls, oracting or being paid to ad under the Authority of the said Trustees.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall with any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, pass through any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, lying near any Turnpike or Toll Gate which shall be continued or erected by virtue of this Act (the fame not being a public Highway); 01 if any Owner or Occupier of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments shall knowingly permit or differ any Person or Persons, with any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage whatsoever, to pass through the fame; or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person or Persons, or forge or counterfeit any Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, by this Act directed to be given, with Intention to evade, or whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, may and shall be evaded; or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently pals through any such Turnpike or Toll Gate with any Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, without Payment of Toll; or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, from any Carriage; or having passed through any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, shall afterwards add or put an additional Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads, to such Carriage, with Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls; or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near any Part of the said Roads any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or other Beads, with Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; or shall, with such Intent, unload any Goods from or out of any Carriage, or in any other Manner whatsoever evade or attempt to evade the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken; every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Eighteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, all Demises, Leases, and Agreements for Leases of the Tolls heretofore granted shall cease and be void; and the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall and may, and they are hereby required to make a fair and jud Compensation and Satisfaction to the present Lessee or Lessees of the said Tolls for the Loss or Damage which he, she, or they shall fudain thereby; and such Compenfa-fion and Satisfaction shall and may be recovered by such Lessee or Lessees from the said Trustees* in case of Refusal to make the fame on Demand made to their Clerk or Treasurer, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Carriage, Horse, or other Cattle, going unladen for or being ladeh with or returning after having gone laden only with any Materials fbt repairing the said Roads, or any other Highway or Road; or for any Carriage or Cattle carrying any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw*, not sold or disposed of, but pading to be laid up in the Houses, Out-houses, Barns, Yards, or Closes of the Owner or Owners thereof, or returning empty therefrom; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages going with or for any Ploughs, Harrows, Or other Implements of Husbandry belonging to any of the Inhabitants of the Pari dies, Hamlets, or Places wherein any Part of the said Roads Ke: or for any Cattle going to or from Plough or Harrow; or for any Carriage or Cattle carrying any Marl, Dung, Mould, or Com-

Penalty on permitting

sages, or

Tolls.

Vacating

Leases.

Exemptions from Toll

2700

No Toll? f crossing the Road only.

Tower to

borrow

Money.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

pod of any Kind whatsoever, except Lime, to be employed in Husbandry* or for manuring or docking of Land, but for no other Purpose; or for any Horses or other Cattle or Carriages employed in the conveying of any Person or Persons going to or returning from an Election of a Knight of the Shire or Member to serve in Parliament for the said County of Pembroke, or Town of Pembroke, or Town and County of Haverfordwest, on the Day of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; or going to or returning on Sundays or any other Days on which Pivine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, from any Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Woifnip, which shall be situate within the same Parish in which any Turnpike or Toll Gate shall be erected; or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any of the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places in which the said Roads hereby directed to be made lie; or from any Clergyman going to perform or returning from his Duty at any Church or Chapel, or to or from visiting his lick Parishioners; or for any Carriages or Horses employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and ExprdTes under the Authority of His Majesty's Podmader General, either when employed in conveying or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning from conveying or guarding the fame $ or for any Horse, Ox Cow, Sheep* or other Cattle, going to or returning from any Padureor Watering Place, or from being fliod or farried; or for any Horses belonging to officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Anns or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or any lick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons travelling with Vagrants lent by legal Passes; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Plorfe, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons shall be drciled in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Anns, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemptions as aforesaid; and if any Person shall by any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken at any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be continued or erected by virtue of this Act, on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Roads, for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage which shall only cross the said Roads, or shall not pass above One hundred Yards thereon, unless such crossing shall be with Intent to evade the Payment of Toll at any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and the Payment of such Toll would be thereby evaded.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Intel eft such further Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think fit, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act or any Part or Pas ts thereof, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to assign

13 over

2701

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

over the said Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Turnpike Gates and Toll Houses for coliedling the fame (the Charges of such Mortgages or Alignments to be paid out of the said Tolls) to any Person or Persons for any Term during the Continuance of this Att, as a Security or Securities for the Repayment of the several Sums which shall be borrowed, with the Interest thereof $ which Alignment shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

T)Y virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Form of

c Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here fetforth Assignment, ' the Title of this Act} We > _ of the Tru (tees

acting in the Execution of the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum

‘ of to the Treasurer of the said

‘ Roads in Hand paid by

do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and demise unto the said

Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, such

Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum

‘ of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum ad-

‘ vanced or to be advanced on the Credit of the said Tolls, to be had and

holden from the Day of for

‘ and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sum of ‘ with lawful Interest for the fame, shall be sooner repaid

1 andfatisfied. Given under our Hands and Seals this

Day of , in the Year of our

‘ Lord .*

And Copies of all such Mortgages and Alignments shall be entered in a Book to be kept ler that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees, but no Money shall be borrowed unless Notice be for that Purpose given in iome Newspaper published or circulated within the said County of Pembroke as a lore laid, and also upon the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then Handing upon the said Roads, at lead: Twenty Days before the borrowing thereof; and all Mortgages or Alignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents ana Purposes; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Alignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be possessed of any Mortgage made by virtue of this Act of of the said former Acts, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, transfer their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit in and to the said Security, and the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement on the Back of such Security in the Presence of One credible Witness; which Transfer shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

‘ T do transfer the within Mortgage and all the Principal and Form of

‘ Interest now due thereon, unto Transfer.

4 Executors, Administrators, and AlEgns. Witness my Hand and Seal ‘ this Day of

All which Transfers shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, for which the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Three [Loc> Ss5 /V.] 30 / Shillings

2701

Old Mortgages may be cancelled and granted.

Roads to be divided into Districts.

Proceedings to be entered in Books.

Trustees to make and divert the Roads.

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. its.

Shillings and no more; and after such Entry made every such Trans ef shall entitle the respective Assignees or Persons to whom the same shall be made, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and every such Assignee shall and may in like Manner assign and transfer again, and so toties quoties, and it shall not be in the Power of any Person making such Alignment or Transfer afterwards to make void, release, or discharge the fame Security, or any Monies thereon due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such. Mortgages, Assignments, or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid, shall be in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toll Houses, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or the Dates of such Mortgages or Alignments.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, if thereunto required, receive in and cancel all or any of the Mortgages now (landing out that were made by virtue of the said former Acts or either of them, and give and execute another Mortgage or other Mortgages in (lead and in lieu thereof respectively, in Manner as herein-before is directed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Roads shall be divided into Two Didricts, the First of which Diflridts shall comprize the Roads mentioned and described in the said first recited Act, and the Second of the said Diflridts shall comprize the said Road leading from the Pembroke Turnpike Road on Lovejion Mountain through Canaston Wood to Canajion Bridge; and that the Tolls to arise and be collected within each of the said Districts, and the Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, shall be applied and disposed of for the Service of and in carrying into Execution this Act within such District only; and that all Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, shall be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies now remaining in the Hands of their Treasurer, or out of the first Monies that shall come to his Hands by virtue of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees, at their several Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and such Orders and Proceedings so entered and signed by a competent Number of the Trustees (as the Case shall require) or by their Clerk by their Order, shall be deemed to be Originals, and which said Book or Books, and also the Book or Books to be kept for registering the aforesaid Mortgages, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to make and repair, and from Time to Time widen, divert, shorten, vary, and alter the Gourse or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through any Waste Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, without making Satisfaction for the fame, and also through any private Grounds or Hereditaments, fird making Satisfaction to the O.vners thereof and Persons intereded therein for the Damages they shall fudain thereby, and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons intereded in any Lands or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees shall judge necessary

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 139. 2703

fiary for the Purposes aforesaid, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss of Damage such Owners Or Persons may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through such Lands or Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Husbands, Guardians, 1 rustees, or Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Succefibfs, but also for and on Behalf of their GeftuiqueIrufts, whether Femes Covert, Infants, or Iffiie unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shal'l be seised of or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, to contract with the said Trustees for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to sell and convey unto them all or any such Lands or Hereditaments* or any Part thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; and ail Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made shall be valid, to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage or other Matter to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee 'fail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Husbands, Guardians* Trustees,

Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall law. fully do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act;

XXXIII. And whereas a Map of Plan describing the Line of the said For reftram-

Road leading from the Turnpike Road on Loveston Mountain, through CanaJionlVcod to Canajion Bridge, and the Lands through which the fame deviam? be-leads, together with a Book of Reference containing a List of the Names Yond certain of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited at the Distances of Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Pembroke; be it there- de."

fore enacted, That the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall re- 1 e

main in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the

end that all Persons may, at all seasonable Times, have Liberty to inspect and peruse the fame, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and that the said Trustees in making the said Road shall not deviate more than One Hundred Yards, of Three Feet each, from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may Trustees may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to make the said new Piece of Road make Road into, through, across, or over the several Lands or Grounds of any Person though

or Persons who is or are or maybe Owner or Owners of Lands over which the fame is set out and described as aforesaid, although the Name or Names Owners1

of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted in the said Book of Names are

Reference, not in the

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

Reference* in case it shall appear to any Tvito or move Justices of the Peace for the said County, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

Where Per-

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Bodies Politic, Cor-fons >nt"rest- pOTate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or or in FeeTail Genel‘al or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or t,eat. Lives, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors,.

or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling-house or Dwelling-houses, Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of any such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of Lands or Hereditaments through which any Part of the said Roads is intended to be made, widened, diverted, turned, or altered, shall for the Space of Six Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees shall cause such Damage, Value, or Recompense to be inquired into and ascertained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County, from the Neighbourhood of the Place where such Lands and Hereditaments do lie, and in order thereto the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before such Jury and examine upon Oath all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined concerning the Premises (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer); and such Trustees shall, determined by ordering a View or other wise, use all lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of and assessed such Damage and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjuge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners or other Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or inquisition of such Jury; and such Verdict or Inquifiion, Order, and Determination thereon, shall be final, binding, and cofaclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim any Estate in Pclfefiion, Reversion, or Remainder in Fee, or in Fee 1 ai! General or Special, or for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or otherwise, their Heirs and ucceflprs, as well absent as present, Infants Femes Coverts, Lunatics, Idiots, and Penons under any other Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as Trufifps to well as all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever; and for f.'l tT'th'e summoning and returning such Juries, the said Trustees are hereby env Sheriff to im. powered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County paiifielajury. of Pembroke, requiring him to impannel, summon, and return an indifter-ent Jury of 'twenty four Persons from the Neighbourhood of the Place where such Lands and Hereditaments lie, qualified to serve upon Juries to appear before the said Trustees, or apy Two or more of them, at such Tune and Place as in such "Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed $ and such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and

out

2?<H

Book of Re-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

2705

out of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees shall and are hereby empowered and required to swear, or cauft* to be ('worn.

Twelve Men, who shall be a Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Sian-ders-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve, and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Trustees acting in the Premises shall have Power, from Time to Tnille?s may Time, to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff, his De- imp-.ft Fine* puty or Deputies, Bailiff or Bailiffs, Agent or Agents making Defaulr in °n 1 r ,f’ the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and re- wffj fas °F turned on such Jury, and who shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse making to be sworn on the said Jury, or being sworn shall refuse to give or shall Default,&c. not give their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury, 'shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be iworn and examined, or to give Evidence, or shall otherwise wilfully mif-conduct themselves in giving their Evidence, so that no one Fine be more than Five Pounds on any one Person for one Offence.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Juries Exnences of to be summoned and sworn pursuant to the Directions or Authority of this and

Act, shall give in and deliver a Verdictt or Assessment for more Money as ho" a Recompense or Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Property of any paid.

Person or Persons in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Loss of Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees before the summoning and returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompense or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or for any Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees out of any Money which shall then be in his Hands, or out of any Monies to be received by virtue of this Act; but if any Jury or Juries so summoned and sworn as aforesaid shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, before the summoning or returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompense and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or Losses or Damages as aforesaid, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences as aforesaid, shall be borne or paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Tmftees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the said County, not interested in the Matter in question (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame), shall and may be deducted out of the Money so alfelfed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies

[l oc. Per.]

3 oK

shall

;'7o6

Money allowed for Lands, how to he charged or tendered.

Trainees not to take down Houses, Sec.

Trustees era-powered to fell Ground not wanted for the Purposes of thia A£i.

Persons whose Lands adjoin to have the Preference.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

&ali be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by tire Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees by the Ways and Means herein after mentioned or provided for the Recovery of Penalties or Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating about such Recompence or Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, Thai every Sum of Money or Recompence to be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Tolls by this Act granted, or out of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, to the Party or Parties respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents; and upon Payment thereof, or in any Case of Refusal to accept the fame, or the Parties not being to be met with upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, for the Use of such Parties or Persons respectively, to be thereafter disposed of as herein-after directed; and after Twenty Days Notice thereof given to such Parties or Persons or to their Agents, or left at their respective usual Places of Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments, then such Lands or Hereditaments shall be laid into and made Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall dined, and shall be by them or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, fufEciently drained, ditched, fenced, and set out for that , and shall to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever become and be deemed and taken to be a Common Highway, and be from thenceforth Parr of the said Roads for ever thereafter.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Power or Authority by this Act given to the said Trustees shall extend to the taking down or injuring any Dwelling-houses or other Buildings, or to the taking in of any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or Plantation or Nursery of Trees, or of any Part or Parts thereof, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietors thereof first had and obtained.

XXXIX. And whereas by reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees are empowered and required to make by virtue of this Act, or by reason of the diverting of some Part or Parts of the said Roads they may happen to be seised of some Piece or Pieces of Ground over and above what shall be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sell and dispose of such Pieces or Parcels of Ground, either together or in Parcels as they shall find most conveient and advantageous, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the fame: Provided always, that the said Trustees, before they shall sell and dispose of any Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, shall offer the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have been purchased; or where the same shall arise by reason of diverting any Part or Parts of the said Roads, then to the Person or Persons whose Lands shall adjoin thereunto; and in case such Person or

‘Persons

2707

48° GEORGII III. Caf. 139.

Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree (except with respect to and on account of the Price thereof as herein-after mentioned) or shall refofe (except with respect to and on account of the Price thereof) to purchase or re-purchase the fame respectively, any Affidavit to be made and {worn before a Matter Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County,

(who are hereby respectively empowered to take the fame) by fonie Person or Persons no Way interested in the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, stating that such Offer was made by or on the behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was io offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing or re-purchasing the fame, and he, she, or they, and the said Trustees shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner herein-before directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with respect to such Purchases made by the said Trustees mictatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such Fiece or Parcel of Road or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misappiication or Non-application of such Money.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, of Compen-taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, if amounting* which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or to zoo!. Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in this Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the fame shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rems and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumberance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the fame shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased,

taken.

2708

Under 200I. and above 20I.

Application where less than 20I.

In case of nOt making out Thief,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean lime and until such Purchases shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Ihree Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the Mean-time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sutn of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the P_rson or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunancy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Tru'toes for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon ntay be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Diression or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XLII. Provided also and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Life of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall cot be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction

4-8" GEORGII nr. Cap. r3g.

faction of the said Trustees, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discorered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments \describing the rii^ subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the lame Court shall feern meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity, of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery $ and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be letftedlo the like Dies in \_Loc. Per.] 30 L pursuance

27C9

or if Persons cannot be f und. Purchase Money to be paid into the k:*nk; subjetf to tile Ordi r of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

Respecting

disputed

Titles.

The Court of Chancery may direct

the Payment of Expences.

2?IO +8° GEORG IT 111. Cap. -139.

pursuance of this Act, and it shall be lawful for the salt}-Court to-order the Expences of all Purchases from Time, to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expenc.es as the said Court shall.deem reason-hble, together with thenecessary Colls and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who (l)all from 1 me to 1 iine pay such Sums of Money for such i’urposes as the said Court shall direct.

Forgetting

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Materials to an£j for t|-je Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and to and for all such Roads,1 6 Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, to search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads, out of and from any Common or Wade Ground, River, Brook, or Pit in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place in which any Part of the Roads hereby directed to be made, amended, and repaired shall lie,or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, Diflrier, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to'Passengers or Cattle, and also that such Surveyor or Surveyors or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, may (except as herein-after excepted) by Order of the said Trustees (such Order to be made at some Meeting of the Trustees to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, attested and signed by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees) search ror, cut, dig, gather, andta ke. away any such Materials as aforesaid in, off, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons 'where the fame may be had or found (such Lands, Fields, or Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nur-fery for Trees) making or tendering such Satisfaction for the fame and for any Damages done thereby, to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over with the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Grounds, as the said Trustees shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers or any of them, concerning the Value of such Materials and Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County, where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away, on Four Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages, and the Judgment or Order of the said Justices shall be linal and conclusive to all Parties.

"obe XLvn. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall not be cupiers of lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting Lands before under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away takeTfo*316 any Materials for repairing such Roads out of or from any inclosed Lands repairing or Grounds, until Notice in Writing signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors

shall

27*1

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

shall have been given to the Owner and Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Owner and Occupier at their respective usual Places of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees or Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, where such Premises shall be situate, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such O wher or Occupier, or one of them, or their or his Agent, shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then the said Trustees, or such Justices shall or may authorize such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons to dig, get, gather, nnd carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as to the said Trustees or such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Owner or Occupier shall neglect to refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think hr, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Owner or Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whom-; soever shall take away any Stone or Materials which shall have been dug: or gathered by, or by the Order of the said Surveyor or Surveyors for the 1 Purpose of making or amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts , thereof, or shall get or take away any Stone, Gravel, or Materials, out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Roads or any Part or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any Private Ground wherein such i it or Quarry shall have been so made, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Use only, and not for Sale) every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and to and for any Person or Persons whom he or they shall appoint by Order of the said Trustees, to cue and make any causeways or Footpaths upon the Sides of the said Roads, or to cut Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part of the said Roads, or to erect Bridges over any Drains or Water-courses, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall deem and judge necessary and proper for amending or keeping in Repair any Part of the said Roads, and also to make a Way or Ways through the Lands and Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the iaid Roads ^not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed Ground planted or set apart as a Nursery for Trees) to be made, use of as a public Highway whilst the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Roads are widening or repairing, and until the same shall be convenient and safe for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, making such reasonable Sans faction, to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands respectively through and into which any such Drain shall be cut, or on or over which any such temporary Roads shall be made, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees; and sn case any Difference shall happen between such

Owners

Penalty ert taking away

he Surveyor.

Surveyrrs to m ke Drains

(enable. Sails, fadhon.

In case of any Difference,

2712

Justices in Seffi-rs to determine the same.

may remove Annoyances.

Read to be measured and Mile Stones and Guide-polls erected.

Penalty on damaging the m.

48° GEORGII III. Gap. 139.

Owners or Occupiers and such Trustees touching such Damage, then and in such Case the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be bnlden for the said County of Pembroke, next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Time of doing such Damage, shall and are hereby authorized and 'equired to hear, settle, and determine the fame, and their Determination therein shall be final and conclusive.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint (by Direction and under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Trustees' from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, by Kails, Steps, Sign Polls, or other Nuisances, and to turn or (top any Water-courses, Sinks, or Drains, running into, along, or out of any Pait of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the same as large and deep as he or they shall think proper, and to cleanse any Ditch or Water-course next adjoining to any Part of the said Roads, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bushes growing in any Part of the find Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjoining thereto, in case the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoyance, or who ought to remove the fame,*or to cleanse such Ditch or Water-course, or to cut down, lop, or top such Trees or Bushes, shall refuse or neglect so to-do for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, signed by Two or more of the said Trustees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the reasonable Charges whereof shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by the Person or Persons rfefufing or neglecting as aforesaid; and in case any such Person shall not upon Demand pay and reimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty inflicted by this Act '; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every such Person shall for every such Offence, over and above such Charges as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pound*, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act*

LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cause the said Roads to be measured, and Mile Stones to be set up at or near the Sides thereof, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, with Inscriptions thereon denoting the Number of Miles and Distance of Places, as the said Trustees shall think fit, and also cause to be ere£fced Guide Polls upon such Parts of the said Roads where the same are crofted or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, injure, destroy, obliterate, or deface any Table of Tolls, Mile Stone, or Post erefled on any Part of the said Roads, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon, or shall wilfully break, throw down, or injure any Stone or Stones, or Parapet Wall or Walls on the Side or Sides of any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches on any Part or Pjits of the said Roads, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shilling for each Table of Tolls, Stone, Post, Parapet Wall, and Arch, so broken, thrown down, injured, or destroyed, or on which any Letters, Figures, or Marks, shall be so obliterated or defaced, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Infer-

4f5° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

and [he other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this

2713

S;

diiiirt,

to and

or they

: mote of

iaaoj. 1 ~l Dnj;^ tPtejaiitJ flalltitiah »S Wily

or Bufa i adjoinini! *> or who trft, or to lb to do tint Pur-rveyor or :o the said 'leenng as andreim-, the lame i Ciuttcls tiiorik ths Reid in the ver and receding ae other

ind may ip ar or % with

teas 5 upon other allwil*

able of any of

bri ills on yPart ir and jtone/ &0' 0 Iffaf* 0’

LIT. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wil- Penalty for fully or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or otherwise damage, or shall ride on or drive or lead any Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, over or ‘pa s upon any Footpath or causeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Roads; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Posts or Stones which may be erected for the Security of the said Footpaths or causeways; or if any Person or Persons shall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Roads, or in ploughing shall turn any Horse or other Beast drawing any Plough upon any Part of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall ferape off any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Roads, with any Instrument, so as to damage the said Roads, or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall hale or draw, or caused to be haled or drawn, upon any Parr of the said Roads any 'Free or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, (otherwise than upon Wheeled Carriages , or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone which shall be carried upon a Wheeled Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said.

Roads shall suffer the same to root up or damage the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedge?, Bankings, or Copse on either Side thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leave or suffer any Cattle, Sheep, or Beast, to be and remain looie on the said Roads; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, or Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, upon t;'e said Roads, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the left or near Side of the said Roads; or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him, her, Or them upon the said Roads, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his; her, or their Care; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires whatsoever, or shall set fire to, or let off, or throw any Squib, Rocket,

Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, on any Part or Parts of the said Roads; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Iiuf-bandry, (without some reasonable Cause to be allowed by the Justice of the Peace before whom the Person so offending shall be summoned or conveyed in order to his or her Conviction, and save and except with regard to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, during such reasonable 'Time as the same shall be loading or unloading, and standing as near to the Side of the said Roads as conveniently may be), in, upon, or on the Side of the said Roads, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnelTed or yoked thereto; or if any Person shall lay any Piece of l imber, or any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or of any Person or Persons travelling thereon, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall af- Penalty on fault, interrupt or hinder, or cause to be assaulted, interrupted or hindered, lUc.VPt,] 30 M wy S&Sfc

2714-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

any Collector of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons, by them or any of them, or by the said Trustees employed in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Townftnps to

LIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Inhabitants of the several Kepai-Iet° Par*{heE, Hamlets, Didrifts, or Places through which the said intended epai,s' Roads shall pass, shall be liable to the Repair of such Parts of the said intended Roads as are within their respective Parishes, Hamlets, District.s, of Places, in such and the same Manner as they are liable to the Repair of any other Highway within the same.

Statute

LV. Provided always and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law

Work. are liable to do Statute Work on any Part of the Roads within the Parities or Places through which the said Roads or any Part thereof passes, shall be liable to do the fame on the said Roads, and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County c>t Pembroke, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application , made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after theferving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, cr to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work distinguishing the Na’ure of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Slims to be so paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and efteft for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order, such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay Time or HarwellJ and in such Parts of the said Roads as: the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof the fame shall and may be recovered by Distrel's and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment

thereof,

27'5

4.80 GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beall or Bealls, to be provided by him, her* or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in farce and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team cr Draught to work on the said Road?, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby empowered toremove and turn o/F the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person fending such Labourer, Team, or Draught, shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor or Surveyors so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute W ork to be by them done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Piereditaments oi and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads shall lie and be situate, or with the Surveyor of the Highways for such Parishes or Places, duly authorized for that Purpose at a public Vestry, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Trustees, in advance, on or before the Fifth Day of Apriixw each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

LVII. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act; by Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to put this Act into Execution; be it therefore enacted, That ir shall and may be lawful for any of the said Trustees, or their Clerk or Clerks-, or the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her or them before any Justice of the Peace for the County or

District

Trustees may compound

lor Statute Work.

For securing Offenders.

2 7 It)

A&lons to be brought in the Name of the Treasurer or Clerk, or of Trustees,

who are not to be liable to the Payment of Costs.

Recovery and

Application of Penalties.

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. i 39.

Did rid near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, or such Offender or Offenders seized and apprehended, and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at some Petty Sessions to be holden within and for the said County or District in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Petty Sessions, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summaty Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justices before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Petty Sessions as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the same County or District, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Pen Days, unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may fueand be sued in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any one of the said Trustees on behalf of the said Trustees, and no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name or against whom the same shall be brought or commenced, nor by the Act of such Person or Persons, without the Consent of the said Trustees at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act; but no such Treasurer, Clerk, or Trustee, or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any Costs or Expences on account thereof, but all such Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, collected or received by the said Trustees.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by virtue of this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Parry, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath, and which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deduding the Costs and Charges of making, keeping, and felling the Dutrefs; and such Penalties and Forfeitures when recovered (if not herein-before di-reded to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall nor. be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of such County or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Months nor less than Three Months,

unless

2717

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

unless such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be sooner fully paid and fa-

tisfied.

LX. And be it further enacted, That for the more speedy Conviction of Dlretfing the all Offenders against this Act, all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following:

7 TIE it remembered. That on the Day of

To wit. < jQ the Year of our Lord

6 and in the Year of the Reign of His Majesty,

is convicted before me for, usj of

His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the by virtue of

f an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the ‘ Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [herefet forth

the Title of this Act, andfpecify the Offence, and the Time and Place when ‘ and where the fame was committed.] Given under my [or, our J Hand ‘ and Seal [or Hands and Seals] the Day and Year fit ft above written/

LXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Per- Appeal, fons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Pembroke, next after the Expiration of Fifteen Days from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given Ten Days Notice at least of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Treasurers or Clerk to the said Trustees, and within Four Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order thereof, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices in such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein and to award such Costs to either of the Parties or otherwise as they shall judge proper; and the said Justices may if they fee Cause mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable , and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Pur poles whatsoever.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made Distress not for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself to be unlaw-shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Pa ty or Parties making the fjl for want fame be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or offo,m-want of Form in the Notice, Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distrained be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be Afterwards' done by the Party or Parties

4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 139.

so dlftralning, but the Person or Persons so aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, Judgment, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against: this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at W<;Jl~ mitifter, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Fifteen Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Limitation cf

LXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall Ad.ons. ke commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act after Three Calendar Months next after the Fact committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Pembroke, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defend -

enera ue. ants jn every such Action or Suit shall and may plead at his or their Election specially, or the General llfue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the* fame was lawfully done in purfance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fifteen Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Cods of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

271 8

Proceedings rot to he S qu.allied for want of

Notice of A6Uon to te

>3

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 139. 2719

[Public Act.]

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Commence, take place on the Eighteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and and eighr, and shall be in force and have Continuance for and during the Term Cont‘n*ance of Twenty one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of A tm of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 140.

An Act for carrying into Execution an Agreement entered into between the Honourable and Right Reverend "James Lord Bishop of Ely and John 'Tharp the elder, of Chippenham Park in the County of Cambridge, Esquire, for the Exchange of the Advowson of the Rectory of Snailwell in the County of Cambridge, Part of the Possessions of the See of Ely, for the Rectory of Burgate in the County of Suffolk, vested in the said John Tharp.

[23d June 1808.]

WHEREAS by a Decree made and pronounced on the Seventh Decree of Day of March in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in a Cause then and now depending in His g. Majesty's High Court of Chancery, in which John Tharp, an Infant, the only Son of Joseph Tharp late of in the County of

Esquire, deceased, who was the eldest Son of John Tharps late of Chippenham Park aforesaid' Esquire, deceased, by the Reverend Thomas Siffon his next Friend, Simon Taylor, Philip John Miles, Sir Gilbert Affieck Baronet, Sir Simon Houghton Clarke Baronet, William Green Esquire, and George Hibbert Merchant, are Plaintiffs; and the said James Lord Bishop of Ely, the said John 7 harp the elder, and Joseph Sidney Tharp, and John Tharp the younger and AuguJhis James Tharp, Infants, the Sons of the said John Tharp the elder, by the said John Tharp the elder, their Guardian, are Defendants; after reciting, that the Substance of the Plaintiffs’ Bill appeared to be, that, in the beginning-of the Year One thousand eight hundred and two, the said John Tharp deceased, left England and went to the Island of Jamaica, and being at that Time in Treaty for the Purchase of the perpetual Advowson of the Rectory of Burgate, duly authorized. Mr. William Dalton, his Solicitor,.to proceed to.

[ Loc. & Per.\ 50 P died

2726

48° GEORGII III. Cap', up.

effect the fame Purchase, for the Purpose of exchanging the Paid Rectory of Burgafe wi-h the said Lord Bishop of Ely for the Advowson of the

Rectory of Snaikucll, in the County of Cambridge, of which the said Lord Bishop was Patron, in Right of his See; and that, in pursuance of the said Directions, the Purchase of the said Rectory of Burgate was effected in the Lifetime of the said John Tharp deceased, and the said Advowson was

duly conveyed by certain Indentures, bearing Date the Eleventh and Twelfth Days of October One thousand eight hundred and two, to the said John 7harp the elder, to hold the same to him, his Heirs and Afilgns, for ever; but that the Plaintitfs charged, that the Purchase Money for the said Advowson, amounting to the Sum of Four thousand Pounds, although mentioned in the Deeds of Conveyance to have been paid by the said John Tharp the elder, was a dually paid by the said Mr. Dalton with the proper^ Monies.of the said John Tharp deceased, received from Medieurs Richard Walker and Company of Liverpool, upon whom the said John Tharp deceased gave his laid Solicitor Authority to draw for the above Purpose, and that the Name of the said John Tharp the elder was only used in Trull for the said John Tharp deceased, and that the said Deeds had always remained and did then Hill remain in the Hands of the said Mr. Dalton the Solicitor, for the Benefit of the Plaintiff, and the Persons entitled to the Real Estate of the said John Tharp- deceased; and that the Hid John Tharp the elder, accordingly, upon the Completion of the said Purchase, in order to guard against the Accident of his own Death made a Declaration of Trail in Writing, respecting the said Purchase in the w,*r of John Form of a Codicil, to be taken as Part of his Will; and that the said John M^ch,<b,ed Tharp deceased, being seised of considerable Real Estate as well in England jjoi. 135 as Jamaica, arid possessed of a large Personal Estate duly made and published

his Will, bearing. Date the Thirteenth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, and which was duly executed in the Presence of and alt died by Three credible Witnesses, and thereby devised all his Manors, Farms, Plantations, Lands, Tenements, Advowsons, and Real Estates in Jamaica and in Great Britain, and all the Ref? of his Estates and Effects Real and Personal unto the Plaintiffs Simon Taylor, William Miles, Philip-John Miles, Sir Gilbert Affleck, William Green, and George Hibbert, and John Richard Dajkwood, and Charles Ofivin, to hold to and to the Use of the Plaintiffs, their Heirs and' Alligns, upon Trull to manage the said-Estate until the Plaintiff John Tharp the Infant should have attained his Age of Twenty-four Years, and then to the Use of the Plaintiff for Life, with Remainder to the Plaintiffs, to preserve Contingent Remainders, with Remainder to his First' and other Sons, in Tail,' with Remainder to the deflators Son the said John Tharp the cider for Life, with Remainder to the Testator’s Grandson, Jfeph Sidney Tharp the eldell Son of the said John Tharp the elder, for Life, with Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male, with Remainder to his Grandson John Tharp the younger, the Second Son of the said John Tharp the elder for Life, with Remainder to hi - First and ether Sons in Tail Male, with Remainder to the Third and all and every other of the Sons of the said d eflator's said Son John Tharp the elder, the Defendant after named in Tail Male with divers Remainders over; and that the Tcflator declared that the Surplus Monies arising from his Estates should be laid out in the Purchase of Freehold Estates in the Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, as contiguous to his Edate in Cambridge, as could be, to be settled to the same Uses and subject to the fame Limitations as the other. Real Estates therein mentioned;

6 and

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 140.

and- the said Testator appointed the Plaintiffs, Simon Taylor, William Miles, Bhihp iohii Vales, Sir Gilbert Affi ck, William-Green, George Hibbert, John Richard ') 'jhvjood, and Charles O/w n, Executors of his laid Will; and that the said Testator duly made Three several Codicils to his said Will; and that the said deflator did not by his Will take any Notice of the Tran'action respecting the Purchase or Exchange of the said Living at Bur arte, the fame not having been then in Contemplation; and the said Will contained no Power of Exchange, nor did the said several Codicils or either-of them make any Mention of the said Transaction, nor did they contain any Power of Exchange; that the said Testator died in July One thousand eight hundred and four, Laving the Plaintiff John Tharp, Son of his late eI'deft Son Joseph Tharp deceased, an Infant, his Grandson, and Leif at 1 aw; and soon after the Decease of the said Testator, the Plaintiffs Sir Simon Haughfon Clarke and George Hibbert, Two of the Executors named in the said Will and Second Codicil, duly proved the fame Will and Second Codicil in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury, and thereby became the legal Perform! Representatives of the said Testator, Power being reserved to ihe other Executors to prove the fame, but that the said John Richard Dafhveood had since renounced, and the other Executors bad not then proved the fame Will and Codicils in England; and the said William Miles, One of the said Devisees and Executors, died in the Lifetime of the said Teitator; and that the Plaintiffs, the said Executors, who had proved the said Will and Codicils, had possessed themselves of Part of the said Testator’s Personal Estate and Efte&s; and that the Plaintiffs, the surviving Trull ees in the said Will and Codicils named, had entered upon the said Real Estates in England and Jamaica, upon the Trusts and for the Purposes in the said Wi.l mentioned; that by virtue of the said Will and Codicils, the Plaintiff John Tharp the Infant, in ease he should atttain the Age of Twenty-four Years, would become entitled to the said Testator’s Real Estate in England and Jamaica, together with the Estate to be pur-ehafed with the Surplus and Residue of his Personal Estate, and the Rents and Produce of his Real Estates as Tenant for Life, with Remainder' to his First and other Sons in Tail as aforesaid, with such Remainders over as afurelaiJ; that the iaid Testator was in his Life-time extremely desirous to become the Owner and Patron of the said Living of Snaikvell, in order that the fame might go with his Estate at Chippenham, and be consoliJated with the Living of Chippenham, to which the fame lies very contiguous, and, as he conceived, would be very beneficial to the Poffdfion thereof, and he usually directed the Purchase of the said Living of Bur gate to be made with the express View of effecting an Exchange thereof for the said Living at Snailwell, and the Testator in His Life-time gave Directions to the said Mr. Dalton, his Agent and Solicitor, to procure and effectuate the said Exchange with the Lord Bishop of Ely, and the said Testator was, down to the Time of his Death, extremely anxi us to have the fame concluded; that although no Notice was taken in the said Teffator’s Will and Codicils of the aforesaid Transaction; yet the Plaintiffs well knowing the said Teltator’s Sentiments upon the Subject of the said Exchange, and that he actually wished the fame, and that the fame would be for the Interest and Benefit of the said Trust Estate, desired the fa*d* Solicitor to proceed in the Treaty which the said Testator had, before his Death, so began with the Bishop for the Exchange, and the Terms there. 1 having been arranged between the Bishop and the said John Tharp's said Solicitor or Agent Mr. Dalton, in February One thousand eight hundred and five, the said Bishop and the said John I harp the elder, the Trustee of t e aid

Testator,

2728

4S* GEORGII III. Cap. 140.

TeiVator, as to the said Living of Burgate entered into an Agreement in* Agreement Writing to the following Ettect; (that is to lay,) Articles ot Agree-

Blr!v^> o^Ely ment made the Sixteenth Day of February One thousand eight hun-tndMf-Tharp. t{ dred and five, between the Honourable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Ely of the One Part, 2nd. John Tharp of Chippenham " Park in the County of Cambridge, Esquire, of the other Part. Whereas " the said James Lord Bishop of Ely is seized or entitled to him and his " Successors in Fee Simple, of or to the perpetual Advowson of the " Rectory of Snailwell in the County of Cambricge: And whereas the " fa d John Tharp is seised to him and his Heirs in Fee Simple of the perpetual Advowson of the Rectory of Burgate in the County of Suffolk " and Diocese of Norwich: And whereas the said John Tharp being defi-'< rous of possessing the Advowson of Snailwell, requested the said James " Lord Bishop of Ely to make an Exchange with him of the fame for the " Advowson of Burgate: And whereas both the said Rectories have been. " valued by the Land Surveyor of the said Lord Bishop of Ely, and the said Surveyor is of Opinion, that the Rectory of Burgate exceeds the Rectory of Snailwell in annual- Value by Eighty-five Pounds: And " whereas the said John Tharp has proposed, in further Increase of such " Difference in annual Value, to redeem the Land Tax charged upon the " said Rectory of Burgate, which amounts to the annual Sum of Sixteen Pounds, and also forthwith to pay into the Bank of England, in the " joint Names-of the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of Ely for the Time " being, and the Right Reverend the Lord Bishop of the said Diocese of " Norwich for the Time being the Sum of One thousand four hundred Pounds for the Repair and Improvement of the Parsonage House and other Buildings to the said Rectory of Burgate, being the Sum thought necessary for that Purpose by the said Surveyor: And whereas the said. " John Tharp hath also agreed to defray the Expence of the said Valuation, and the Costs and Charges of obtaining an Act of Parliament (if the fame should be found requisite) for confirming the said Agreement and alL 44 other Expences attending the Transaction: And w'hereas the said James Lord Bishop of Ely, and the said John Tharp being satisfied that. u such Exchange should be highly beneficial to the See of Ely, has consented to make the fame ;.it is therefore mutually agreed by and between ‘c the said James Lord Bishop of Ely and the said John Tharps that the said proposed Exchange shall take place upon the Terms herein-before recited l" And reciting that the said John Tharp the elder, together with his Infant Sons the said Joseph Sidney Tharp and John Tharp the younger, cn the Sixteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and five, exhibited their Bill in this Court against the Plaintiff the said Infant, and against the Plaintiffs the Trustees and Executors of the said Testator’s Will, and against other Persons therein named, for the Purpose of establishing and carry ing the Trusts-of the said Testator’s Will into Execution, but no Decree had then been made in the said Cause; and that the Plaintiff prayed that the said Agreement, dated the said Sixteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and five, might be specifically. performed and carried into Execution; and that the said Defendant John Tharp the elder might be declared a Trustee of the said. Rectory of Burgate for the said Testator and his Estate, and the Plaintiff and the several Persons entitled thereto, and that the said Defendants Jolm Tharp faz elder, and all proper Parties might be decreed to convey and to join in conveying the said Advowson of Burgate in Exchange for the said Rest or)- of Snailwell or otherwise, inTruft for the Benefit of the Plaintiffs! and ths

Persons

4-8® GEORGII III. Cap. 16,0.

Persons entitled to t^e fame settled Trust Estates as the Court should dire£b, and that the said Defendant the Lord Bishop of Ely, and the said ‘John Tharp the elder, and all other proptr Patties might be decreed to join in all necessary A£s to execute all proper Deeds for effectuating the said Exchange, and that if necessary the Plaintiffs might be at Liberty to apply for and obtain the said Act, and all the other Expences attending the said Exchange might be paid according to the Terms of the said Agreement; and that the Plaintiffs, the Tivftees, andE ecutors of the said Testator’s Will, might be permitted to pay Each Costs, Charges, and Expences, or such Parts as ought to be paid by and out of the said Testator’s Effate, or the Rents and Profits thereof, and that the fame might be paid and borne in such Manner as the Court should direct, and that all necessary' and proper Directions might be given for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid; and that the said James Lord Bishop of Ely, by his Answer said, that he admitted such Articles of Agreement, bearing Date the Sixteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and five, were made and entered into, and executed and signed by and between the said John Tharp the elder and the Defendant, and said, that in Right of his See of Ely he was, previously to the Execution of the said Agreement, Patron of the Living of Snailwell, and the said Agreement not having then been carried into full Effect, the Defendant wasa-dvifed that he (till continued at Law to be Patron of the said Living, although he the 1 defendant admitted that the said Agreement had been acted upon, and that he had since the signing thereof, and in Reliance thereon, actually presented an Incumbent to the said Living of Burgate; and he said that he had always been and then was ready and willing to ck> and join in all Acts which should be necessary for effectuating the said proposed Exchange, and submitted to ad therein as the Court should direct; and that the Counsel for the Defendant John Tharp the elder and Joseph Sidney Tharp, and John Tharp the younger and dugtijlus James 9'harp, all three Infants, by the said John Tharp their Father, alledged that they, by their joint Answer, said that they believed that the said John Tharp, the Testator in the said Bill named, did go to Jamaica at the Time in the said Bill mentioned; and the Defendant John Tharp the elder said, and the other Defendants believed, that the said rest a for did enter into a Treaty for Purchase of the Advowson of the Rectory of Burgate, as in the Bill in that Behalf mentioned, and that the fai l Advowson was purchased in such Manner and at such Time as in the said Bill in that Behalf is mentioned; and they said that they believed that the Advowson of the Rettory of Burgate was conveyed to the Defendant John Tharp the elder as a Trustee for the said Testator, and that the Consideration Money was paid by or on the Behalf of the said Testator, and the Defendant admitted himself to be a Trustee of the fame for the Uses of the said Will of the said Testator; and the said Defendant John Tharp the elder admitted that he did execute such Declaration of Trust or Memorandum in the Nature of a Codicil, and of such Date, and to such Purport or Eft'eft, as in the said Bill in that Behalf is mentioned; and he admitted that the said Testator made the said Purchase for the Purpose of such Exchange with the Lord Bishop of Ely, as in the said Bill mentioned, and that the said Advowson was conveyed to the Defendant lor the Purpose of establishing and enabling hirn more conveniently to effectfueh Exchange by a Conveyance of the said Advowson in the Absence of the said John Tharp the Testator; and that he the said John Tharp the elder executed the Articles of Agreement in pursuance of what he knew to be the Intention and Desire of the Testator in regard to the said [Foe. Id Per.'} 30 Q Advowson*

2730

43° G E ORGII III. Cap. 140.

Advowson, and the said Defendant always considered and acknowledge himself to be the Trustee of the said Advowson for the said deflator, and he was and always had been willing to ad; in the Premises as the Court should direct, upon being indemnified and paid his Costs; and the Defendants Joseph Sydney Tharp, John Tharp the younger, and Augustus Jams Tharps Severally said that they were Infants, and hoped the Court would Decree r»rfer- take Care of their respective Interests in the Premises: His Honour did Matter to* n thereupon order, that it should be referred to Sir William Weller Pepys ciuire whether Baronet, one; of the Mailers of the Court, to inquire under what Circumstances l^e Advowson of the Rectory of Burgate, in the County of Suf--°f ti^infaat folk, was purchased, and whether it would be for the Benefit of the Plain-thn tl.e tiff, the Infant, that the Agreement entered into between the Defendant ihoSbTcar. tfe Lord Bishop of Ely, and the Defendant John Tharp the elder, for the red into Exchange of the said Rectory of Burgate for the Rectory of Snailwell, in Exeouuu. the County of Cambridge, should be carried into Execution, and that an Act of Parliament should be applied for and obtained, for completing the said Exchange, in case he should be of Opinion that the said Agreement was proper to be carried into Execution, and the said Master was to slate the fame with his Opinion thereon, to the Court: And whereas, in pursuance of the said Recited Decree, Edward Morris Esquire, One of the Mailers of the said Court of Chancery, and to which said Edward Morris the said Cause was transferred by an Order of the said Court, dated the First Day of April last, made his Report, in the said Cause, and thereby certified, that in consequence of the Directions given to the said Mr Dalton by the said John Tharp deceased, the said Rectory of Burgate was purchased and paid for out of the proper Monies of the said John Tharp deceased, and that the fame was conveyed to the said John Tharp the elder, as a Trustee for his Father the said John Tharp deceased, he being at that Time absent in the said Inland at Jamaica, and that it was so conveyed to the said John Tharp the elder for the greater Convenience of carrying the said Exchange into Eifed; and the said Master also found, that the Vicarage of Chippenham was of final! annual Value, and that the Vicarage House belonging thereto was also small, and in bad Repair, but that the Rectory of Snailwell was of considerably larger annual Value, and the Parsonage House was spaaous, modern, and in substantial Repair, having upwards of One hundred Acres of Glebe Land immediately adjoining, and that the united Value of the said Rectory of Snailwell and Vicarage of Chippenham would form a suitable Income for a Clergyman; and the said Master also, found, that the Rectory of Burgate was situate upwards of Thirty Miles from the Estate of the fad John Tharp deceased, and was totally uncomioded therewith; and that by the Affidavit of Joseph Trujlove, Surveyor, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and four, he valued the Parishes of Snailwell in the County of Cambridge, and Burgate in the County of Suffolk^ for the Purpose of ascertaining the annual Value of the Redories of the said respective Parishes, and that the net annual Value of the Rectory of Burgate was Three hundred and forty-eight Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Seven-pence Halfpenny, and that of Snailwell Two hundred and sixty-four Pounds and Five-pence Halfpenny, leaving a Balance in Favour of the Rectory oI Burgate of Eighty-four Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Two-pence; and the said Master certified that he had considered of the said State of Fads and Affidavits, and that it appeared to him that the Agreement entered into between the Defendant the Lord Bishop of Ely and the Defendant John Tharp the elder was beneficial and for the Iaterest of the said Plaintiff, the Infant, he therefore reported it to

be

*73*

ur S

ircuffi.

iflcin;

fcr'iit

in

ihitaa

tog Ac ram® to Hate

Qpr- oi the Usrris ted die hereby Dolton is pur-i Tiwr^ *ir/ thf iff being so con-of car-1, that lat the ir, but ie, and Repair, Siately i^and

ftuate ceafod) ivit of d and and annual annual pounds

fl Jw ring a jsSix* e had seared Lord jasd i j § ce

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 140.

be his Opinion, that the fame should be carried into Execution: And whereas, determined by an Order made and pronounced in the said Cause by the Right Honourable the Lord High Chancellor on the Fourteenth Day of January \n this present Year One thousand eight hundred and eight, his Lord ship ordered that the said Report should be confirmed: And whereas the said John Tharp the Testator by a Codicil to his Will, bearing Date the Twelfth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and four, revoked the Appointment of the said Charles Ofwin to be One of his Executors and Trustees: And whereas the said John Tharp the elder* fmee the Execution of the said Agreement, hath redeemed the said annual Sum of Sixteen Pounds Land Tax, charged on the said Rectory of Bur-gate, and also paid into the Rank of England the said Sum of One thousand four hundred Pounds, in the joint Names of the Right Reverend Lord Bshop of Ely and the Right Reverend Lord Bishop of Norwich, agreeably to the Terms of the above recited Agreement: And whereas since the Date and Execution of the said Articles of Agreement the l ands within the said Parish of Snailwell have been inclosed at the Expence of the Estate of the said John Tharp deceased, whereby the Annual Value of the said Rectory of Snailwell hath been increased to the Sum of Three hundred and seventy-nine Pounds Six Shillings and Seven-pence Halfpenny, or thereabouts, reducing the Balance in Favour of the said Rectory of Burgate to the Sum of Fifty-four Pounds Six Shillings and Two-pence per Annum, as more fully appears by the Schedule hereunto annexed: And whereas, by Reason of the Inability of the said James Lord Bishop of Ely to alienate or exchange any Property belonging to his See by any common Assurance or Conveyance, the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said James Lord Bishop of Eh, and the said George Hibbert for and on the Part and Behalf of the said John Tharp the Infant; and the said John Tharp the elder for himself and for and on Behalf of the said Joseph Sidney Tharp, John Tharp the younger, and Augvjlus James Tharp his Infant Children, do pray Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all that the said Advow- The Aovov*son, Donation, free Dispofuion, and perpetual Right of Patronage, and Ton of Uu g-,te Presentation of, in, and to the said Rectory and Parish Church of Burgate Liftop'of f.fy in the said County of Suffolk, with all and every the Tythes, Glebe Lands, ami hi< suc-Rights, Members and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the fame Rectory R.Th^o! hi* belonging, or in anywise incident or appertaining, or therewith now or Se- lately used and enjoyed or belonging thereto, {half immediately from and after the passing of this Act be veiled in, and the fame is and are hereby reded in the said James Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors Bishops of Eiy, in Right of the said See for ever, freed and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from and against allEflate, Right, Title,

Inrerelt, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of him the said John Tharp the elder, and his Heirs, and of all end every Persons and Person whosoever now having or claiming, or who shall or may hereafter have or claim any Ellate,

Right, Title, Interest, and Demand whatsoever; in or to the said Advawson and other Hereditaments under the W ill of the said John Tharp de~ eeased, of, in, to, out of, or upon the Estates devised or directed to be purchased by the Hid Will and in lieu of and Exchange for the said Act vow-ion, Donation, free Disposition, and perpetual Right of Patronage and Presentation

48" G£OIIGII III- Cap. 140.

Presentalion of and to the Rectory of Unailwell herein-after v tiled in and settled upon the said jfohn 1 Imrp the elder and his lien s, to the Uses of the said Will of the said John Tharp deceased.

the wilt a his Father John Tharp.

1L And be it farther enabled, That all that the aforesaid Advowson, Donation, free Disposition, and perpetual Right of Patronage and Prefen-tation of, in, and to the said Rectory and Parish Church of Snaihvell in the said County of Cambridge, with all and every the Tythes, Glebe Lands, Rights, Members, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the fame Rectory belonging, or in anywise incident or belonging thereto, shall immediately from and after the passing of this Act be veiled in and settled upon, and the fame is and are hereby veiled in and settled upon the said John Tharp the elder and his Heirs, to such of the Uses upon and for such of the 1 rusts, Intents, and Purposes, and by, with, under, and subject to such of the Powers, Provisoes, Directions, and Declarations expressed and contained in the said Will of the said John Tharp deceased, of and concerning the Manors, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Great Britain thereby devised, as shall then be fubfilling and capable of taking Effect; freed and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of, from, and against all Ellate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whas-soever of the said James Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors Bishops of Ely, in or to the last-mentioned Advowson and other Hereditaments, and to be, together with the Sum. of One thousand four hundred Pounds, paid by the said John Tharp the elder into the Bank, to the Account of the said James Lord Bishop of Ely, and Henry Lord Bishop of Norwich, as hereinbefore is mentioned, in lieu of and in Exchange for the Laid Advowson, Donation, free Disposition, and perpetual Right of Patronage and Prefen-tation of and to the R c£tory of Burgate, hereby vested in the said James Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, Bishops of Ely, in Right of the said See.

The h°°5- or And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the said James

3 competent Lord Bishop cf Ely and Henry Lord Bishop of Norwich, and their re-laid out in spective Executors and Admiiudrators, shall as soon as may be after the Repairs or im- passing of this Act lay out and invelt the said Sum of One thousar.d four she Parsonaee hundred Pounds, or a competent Part thereof, for the Repair and Hou't oi Bur. Improvement of the Parsonage House and other Buildings to the said gate, &c. Rectory of Burgate, and lay out the Surplus or Residue thereof, if any, in the Purchase of Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, in the Names of them the said James Lord Bishop of Ely and Henry Lord Bishop of Norwich, and their respective Successors for the Time being; and when and so often as any such Repairs or Improvements as aforesaid shall be wanted, do and shall fell the Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities, then inverted in the Names of them the said James Lord Bishop of Ely and Henry Lord Bishop of Norwich, or their respective Successors, Executors, or Administrators, or a competent Part of the fame, and apply the Money arising from the Sale thereof, in or towards the effecting of such Repairs or Improvements accordingly, and do and shall from dime to Time pay the Dividends of so much of the said Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities as shall remain after, or not be applied upon or for such Repairs or Improvements as aforesaid, to or permit the same to be received by the Rector for the Time being, of the said Parish Church of Burgate.

kind

UVof

rowlba,

ft the Lands, Lxbry lately

\ini

limits, Ei of (he wntained icercinj; in Grot £ faking >j", from, id wb. tops of ms, and ds, paid; the kid s herein-dvowfoo,

dPrdb-

lid Jm i of the

d Jima heir re-iter the ad four

air and the said ’if any, , in the [Bishop d when Hall be nkAn-i Bishop ccessors,

ad apply

far

, Con-

DpOD or

W*

$UP

|P

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 140. 2733

IV. Provided neveirtheless, and it is hereby further enacted and declared,

That in case the said James Lord Bishop of Ely, or his Successors, Bishops lo'repcfliV3 the of Ely for the Time being, shall at any Time hereafter be lawfully evicted Aciyov»*on ,r from the Possession and Enjoyment of the said Advowson, Donation, free Disposition, and perpetual Eight of Patronage and Presentation of, in, and tion from the to the said Rectory and Pari Hi Church of Bur gate, vested in him and them ^vo^on c*" as aforesaid, by or through any Defect of Title existing prior to the pa fling 6 of this Act, so that the Exchange hereby intended cannot continue, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said James Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, Bishops of Ely for the Time being, for ever, after such Eviction, to present a Clerk to the said Rectory of Snailwell, whenever the same shall become vacant; and the said Advowson, Donation, free Disposition, and Right of Patronage and Presentation of, in, and to the said Rectory of Snailwell, and all other the Premises hereby vested in the said John Tharp and his Heirs, to the Uses, and in the Manner hereinbefore mentioned, with their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and every Part thereof, to have again, re-possess, and enjoy as in his and their former Estate, in Right of the said See of Ely, without any Suit, Trouble, Interruption, or Disturbance, of, from or by the said John Tharp the elder, his Heirs or Assigns, or any Person or Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim under or by virtue of the Uses, Trulls,

Interns, Purposes, Powers, Provisoes, Directions, and Declarations hereinbefore expressed, declared, referred to, or contained, of or concerning the said Rectory of Snailwell.

V Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That per^n, in case any Person or Persons who, under or by virtue of this present Act of tit’ed to Snail-Parliament, shall have or claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest in- to, f fl*i?u " or out of the said Advowson, Donation, free Disposition, and perpetual mcafe.f Right of Patronage^and Presentation of, in, and to the said Rectory of Evic;,on» &c« Snailwell, and other the Premises hereby vested in the said John Tharp the elder, his Heirs and Assigns, to tile Uses and in the Manner herein-before mentioned, shall at any Time hereafter be lawfully evided from the possession and Enjoyment of the said Advowson, Donation, free Disposition and perpetul Right of Patronage and Presentation of, in, and to the Rectory of Snailwell aforesaid, by or through any Defied ofi Title ofi the said.

James Lord Bishop of Ely, or ? ay of his Predeccffors, Bishops of Ely, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so claiming or to claim under or by virtue of this present Act, any Estate, Right,

Title, or Interest in, to, or out of the said Rectory of Snailwell for ever after such Eviction, to present a Clerk to the find Redorv and Pariiii Church of Burgafe, whenever the same shall become vacant, and the Advowson, Donation, Free Disposition, and perpetual Right of Patronage and Presentation of, in, and to the said Rectory and Parish Church of Bur gate, and other the Premises so by this present Act vested in the said James Lord Bishop of illy and his Successors as aforesaid, with the Rights,

Members^ and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and every Part thereof shall thenceforth be1 and remain to the Uses, upon and for the Trusts,

Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and fobjed- to the Powers, Prol vifoes, Limitations, and ldeclarations which would then have been fub* filling or capable of taking-Effect in the said Rectory of Snailwell, if such Eviction, is aforesaid, had not taken place; and then also and in that Cafe the said Three per Centum Consolidated Bank Annuities to be purchased as herein-before is mentioned, or so much of the lame as shall not have [Loc. &? Per.'] 30 R--S been

734

4.8? GEORGII III. Cap. 1^0.

been laid cut in Repairs or Improvements as aforesaid, shall be transferred to the Executors or Adminiliraters for the Time be;ng of the said John Tharp deceased, to be by them applied in the Manner and for the Intents and i'urposes directed by his Will, of the general Residue of his Personal Estate.

VI. Provided always, and it is further enacted, That nothing he-cin j .1 , contained shall exonerate the present or any future Incumbent of the said

leP mK"* Church of Burgate, from their respective Obligation at Common Law, or by Statute, to keep the Parsonage House of the said Rectory < f burgate, or the Buildings in or upon the fame, in Repair, or from being answerable or accountable for his or their refusing or neglecting so to do.

General VII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and Hi« Heirs

spying. and Successors, and to a 1 and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, SuccelTois. Executors and Administrators, other than and except the said James Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, Bishops of Ely, and the said John Tharp the e der, his ileirs and Assigns, and the said John Tharp the Infant, and all and every other the Persons and Person entitled or to become entitled to tie laid Advowson of the said Rectory or Parish Church of Burgate, or the Advowson of the said Rectory or Parish Church of Snailwell, under the said Will of the said John Tharp deceased, all such Estate, Right, Title, anti interelf. Benefit Claim, and Demand, of, in, to, or out of the said Advowsons and perpetual Rights of Patronage and Presentation, of, in, and to the said Rectories respectively, veiled, settled, and exchanged by this Act as aforesaid, as they, every, or any of them, had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, and enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

Ev.dene?.

VIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That this present Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence by al] Judges, Justices, and others.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 140.

2735

The SCHEDULE to which the Ad refers.

VALUATION of the Re&ofy of Burgate in the County of Suffolk.

Tl Corn Tythes of the Arable Land containing by- A dmeafu r ement

T ie y hes of the Grass Lands containing The T\ thes of the Commons and Wastes Do.

The Tythes of the Wood Ground — Do.

Glebe Lands and Premises, Tythe free

Acres

OUT-GOINGS. ,

Land Tax

Repairs

Tenths

Procurations

per Annum. Do. Do.

Do.

A. R. P. £

1T3° 3 29 6c8 3 5 56 2 32 io3 3 6 per Ann’" 294 3 6

72 3 33 per Annm S3 0 0

1973 0 25 377 3 6

i- > d- 16 0 0 10 10 0 t 7 7 9 28 6 jo|

348 16 7j

JOSEPH TRUSLOVE

2736

4.8* GEORGII III. Cap. 140.

S CHEDULE—continued.

November 2othi 1804. VALUATION of the RecTory of Snailwell, in the County of Cambridge.

The Corn Tythes of the Common Field Arable Land containing by Admeasurement

Tytue <» the Heath Land, containing Do. o the m-lofed Arable Land containing -

Do. of the inclosed Grass Land, con:aining

Ditto, of the Fen Ground and Commons,

Over which a customary Payment or Modus! exists of Two-pence f»>r evtry Cow in lieu of I Mi'k, and Sixpence for every Calf, amounting ( in the whole to about - J

Reflory Glebe Lands, Open Field Arable Do. Heath Qiownd

Do. inclosed Paftute, Homeftall "1

and Premises, j

With a Dove House and Sheepwalk, all Tythe free

Acres

1118 2 30 379 3 56 o 34 114 2 38

128 3 13

69 3 3

56 3 2

OUT-GOINGS.

Larri Tax Repairs Tenths Procurations

per Annum. Do.

Do.

Do.

Burgatetherefore exceeds Snailwell in Value per"! Annum. - - - - J

In the Year 1805 an Act of Parliament was obtained br the Inclosure of Snailwell. In con ft-q'-ence of which, the Glebe Lands, Heath, Sheepwalk and Right of Common were improved mm £75. to£105 lor. the Difference of which Two Sums is

Burgate therefore exceeds Snailwell in Value 1 per Annum. - - - J

a *5 9i 1 1 3

84 16 2

Si 6 2

per Ann"

per Ann01

234 7 6

3x0 17 6

46 17 o§

264 o 84. 16 2

348 16 7i

JOSEPH TRUSLOVE.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cctp. I41.

An Act for vesting the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Hardwicke, situate in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, upon Trust, as to certain Parts which have been contracted to be sold, to convey the same to the respective Purchasers; and as to the Residue, in Trust to sell the same; and for inverting the Purchase Monies under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, in other Estates to be settled in lieu thereof, and to the same Uses.

[25th June 1808.]

WHEREAS under and by virtue of the lad Will and Testament will of First of the Right Honourable Philip First Earl of Hardwicke de- LordHard-ceai'ed, dated the Twenty-third Day of November One thousand sand seven hundred and sixty-one, and a Codicil thereto, dated the Ninth thereto>

Day of July One thousand seven hundred and sixty-two j and also under Marriage and by virtue of an Indenture'dated the Twerity-sixth Day of August One Settlement of thousand seven hundred and ninety, and made between the Right Ho- the present nourable Philip now Earl of Hardwicke and the Right Honourable Eliza-both Countess of Hardicicke^is Wife, of the one Part, and the Right Hardwicke. Honourable Alexander Earl of Balcarres, the Honourable John Eliot fLoc.p& Per.~\: r- ~ — go 2'——- -- Second

.2742

Bargain and Sale for luf-

Recovery, 14th June

Uses of Recovery.

48’ GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

Second Son of the Right Honourable Edward Lord Eliot, and the Right Honourable Charles Torke of the other Part; and also under and by virtue of an Indenture of Bargain and Sale, duly enrolled in the Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, dated the Fourteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and five, and made between the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke of the First Part, the Right Honourable Philip Torke, commonly called Lord Viscount Royston (since deceased) then elded Son and Heir Apparent of the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke of the Second Part, and the several other Persons therein named of the Third and Fourth Parts; and also under and by virtue of a common Recovery duly suffered in the said Court of Common Pleas, pursuant to the said Indenture of Bargain and Sale, wherein the said Philip Lord Viscount Royston was vouched, the Manors of Hardwicke and Hares field, the impropriate Rectory of Hares field, the Advowson of the Vicarage of the Church of Haresfield, and several Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tythes, and other Hereditaments in the Parishes of Hardwicke and Haresfield in the County of Gloucester, being the Estates of the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke, and of the said Philip Lord Viscount Royston (deceased) became and were and flood settled (together with other Hereditaments) subject to a yearly Rent Charge of One thousand two hundred Pounds to the said Elizabeth Countess of Hardwicke for her Life for her Jointure. and to a Term of One thousand five hundred Years in the said Earl of Balcarres, John Eliot, and Charles Torke, in Trull, for better securing the said Jointure, and also for raising after the Death of the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke, the Sum of Fifteen thousand Pounds for the Portions of his Daughters and younger Sons by the said Elizabeth Countess of Hardwicke, to the Use of such Person and Persons, and for such Ellate or Estates, and upon such Trulls, and to'and for such Intents and Purposes as the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke and the said Philip Lord Viscount Royston should, by any Deed or Deeds by them lealed and delivered in the Presence of and attelled by Two or more credible Witnesses, direct, limit, or appoint; with Remainder to the Use of the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke and his Alligns for his Life, without Impeachment of Wade; with Remainder to the Use of a Trullee during his Life, in Trull to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to such Uies and for such Intents and Purposes as the said Philip Lord Viscount Royjton should by Deed or Will direct, limit, or appoint; with Remainder to the Use of him the said Philip Lord Viscount Royston in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Second and other Sons of the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke succes-fively in Tail Male; with Remainder to the said Charles Torke in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over: And whereas under and by virtue of the said lad Will and Tedament of the said Philip Earl of Hardwicke wiel-e and deceased, and a under and by virtue of Indentures of Lease and Release, indentures of bearing Date respectively the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Days of June One Lease and thousand eight hundred and live, and made between the said Philip now Release of Earl of Hardwicke of the Fil'd Part, and the said Philip Lord Viscount June 1805. R°yJ}°n of the Second Part, and the said Charles Torke of the Third Part, un the Tythes of Grain and Sheaf and Hay arising within the aforesaid Manor

of Hardwicke, with the Tolt of the late Tyihe Barn there, and the Soil and Ground whereon it dood, and also within Colethropp in the Parish of Standijl) in the said County of Gloucester, and all Tythes of Grain, Sheaf, and Hay, as well of the Scite of the Manor of Rudge in the said County of Gloucester, as also of all the cudomar.y Tenants of the lameSciie, all

which

Will and Codicil of Lord Hard-

2743

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

which Tythes and Premises were in and by a certain Indenture of Lease bearing Date on or about the Twenty seventh Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety, demised by the then Lord Bishop of Gloucester to the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke during the natural Lives of him the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke, John Vernon the younger. Gentleman, and the said Philip Lord Viscount Hoy ft on, were conveyed unto and to the Use of the said Charles forks, his Heirs and Assigns, for the Lives of the Persons named as cejhti que vies in the fame Indenture of Lease, subject to the Rents, Covenants, and Agreements therein contained, upon Trust, and for the Use of such Person and Persons, and for such Eftare or Estates, and upon such Trusts, and to and for such Intents and Purposes as the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke and the said Philip Lord Viscount Royjion should by any Deed or Deeds by them sealed and delivered in the Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, direct, limit, or appoint; with Remainder upon Trust for the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke and his Assigns for his Life; with Remainder upon Trust for such Uses and for such Intents and Purposes as the said Philip Lord Viscount Royston should by Deed or Will direef, limit, or appoint; with Remainder in Trust for him the' said Philip Lord Viscount Royjion in Tail Male; with Remainder in Trust for the Second and other Sons of the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke in Tail Male; with Remainder in Trust for the said Charles Tdrke in Tail Male, with divers Remainders over: And whereas in the Month of December One thousand Part of the eight hundred and seven, all the said Freehold and Leasehold Estates in the County of Gloucester (except the Manor of Hardwicke and Three Ig0^> Acres Two Roods and Twelve Perches of Land in Haresfield, and a Cottage in Haresfield in the Occupation of William Collin, with a Close adjoining containing Four Acres One Rood and Eight Perches in the Occupation of Richard Chamberlain, and also except several Pieces of Wood Ground containing Eighty Acres or thereabouts) were by the Order of the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke sold by Auction in Lots (exclusive of the Timber, Trees, Oak, Pollards, and Saplings down to Two Shillings and Sixpence per Stick inclusive) for divers Sums of Money, amounting to the Sum of Seventy-eight thousand three hundred and eighty-three Pounds; and the said Manor of Hardwicke and Cottage and Lands in Haresfield above excepted, were about the same Time, by the Order of the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke, sold by private Contract (exclusive of Timber, Trees, Oak, Pollards, and Saplings as aforesaid) for several Sums, amounting to the Sum of One thousand and fifty Pounds, which said Sums of Seventy-eight thousand three hundred and eighty-three Pounds and One thousand and fifty Pounds make together the Sum of Seventy-nine thousand four hundred and thirty-three Pounds, and the several Purchasers signed separate Contracts for carrying their Purchases into Execution (except the Purchaser of the said Manor of Hardwicke and the Purchaser of a Cottage and Garden comprised in Lot Thirty-four, mentioned in the Schedule to this Act); all which Purchases were to be completed on the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight; and by all the said Contrafts (except the Contract for the Sale of Lot Sixteen) in the Second Day’s Sale, it was stipulated that all Timber, Trees, Oak,

Pollards, and Saplings down to Two Shillings and Sixpence per Stick inclusive, should be taken by the Purchasers at a Valuation to be made by Two Persons, one to be chol’en by each Party or by their Umpire in the usual Manner, and the Amount thereof should be paid at the Time b fixed

2744

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

fixed for Payment of the Purchase Money j and since making the said Contracts it hath been agreed between the said Philip now Earl of Hard-uiicke and Three of the said Purchasers, that Parts of their Purchase Monies, such Parts amounting in the whole to Twenty-four thousand Pounds, should be left upon the Security of the Premises fold for the 1 erm of Three Years, and since the making the said Contracts for Sale, the Timber, Trees, Oak, Pollards, and Saplings on each of the said Lo's so sold as aforesaid down to Two Shillings and Sixpence per Stick inclusive (except in refne£t of Lot Sixteen in the Second Day’s Sale) have been valued agreeably to the Stipulations aforesaid, at several Sums of Money amounting together to the i-uin of Three thousand three hundred and fifty-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings, exclusive of the Timber upon Lots five and Ten in the First Day’s Sale, which has been valued by a Person solely appointed by the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke at the Sum of One hundred and thirteen Pounds One Shilling and Eight-pence, making with the said Sum of Three thousand three hundred and fifty-five Pounds Sixteen Shillings the Sum of Three thousand four hundred and sixty-eight Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight-pence, which Sum being added to the aforesaid Sum of Seventy-nine thousand four hundred and thirty-three Pounds makes the Sum of Eighty-two thousand nine hundred and one Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight-pence; and a Particular of the said Estates so contracted to be sold as aforesaid, and of the Price of each Lot, and of the Amount of the Valuation so made as aforesaid of the Timber, Trees, Oak, Pollards, and Saplings down to Two Shillings and Sixpence per Stick inclusive on each Lot (except Lot Sixteen in the Second Ohjcft.of the Day’s Sale) is contained in the Schedule to this Act: And whereas the chafe'other' Sales were made with a View to invest the Purchase Monies in other Estates. Estates situate in the Neighbourhood of the Residence of the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke called Wimpole in the County of Cambridge or in Death of some Part of the said County of Cambridge: And whereas the said Philip a Bachelor°n Eord Viscount Royston died very lately a Bachelor without having joined without mak- with his Father the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke in executing the i»g any Ap- joint Power of Appointment reserved to them in respect of the said Estates pointment. jn County of Gloucester, and without having executed the foie Power of Appointment reserved to him the fad Philip Lord Viscount Royston in respeff of the fame Estates as aforesaid, whereby the fame Estates now (land settled and limited under the Uses and Trusts aforesaid, (subject to the aforesaid Jointure to the said Elizabeth Countess of Hardwicke, and to the aforesaid Portions for younger Children, and the said Term of One thousand five hundred Years for securing such Jointure and Portions) to or upon the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke for Life, with Remainder to a Trustee to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Right Honourable Charles James Lord Viscount Rovston, the now only Son of the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Second and other Sons of the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke in Tail Male; with Remainder to the said Charles Torke in Tail Present Lord Male, with several Remainders over: And whereas the said Philip now Minw°n Earl of Hardwicke intermarried with the Right Honourable Lady Elizabeth Lindsay on or about the Twefnty-fourth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and hath Issue by her now surviving One Son the said Charles James commonly called Lord Vifctmnt Royston, an Infant of the Age of Eleven Years or thereabouts, and the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke hath no other IiTue Male, but he hath Four

Daughters

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 141. 2745

Daughters by his said Countess, namely, the Right Iibnourable Anns other Chil-bommofily called Lady ‘ Yifcouiitefs'PtUington, the Wife'of the Right drenofpre-Honourable John Savile commonly called Lord Viscount Pollington, and ^Lajy the Right Honourable Lady Catherine Freeman Torke, who have attained Hardwicke, their several Ages of Twenty-one Years, and the Right Honourable Lady all Daughters. Elizabeth Margaret Torke, and the Right Honourable Lady Caroline Harriot Torke, who are both Infants: And whereas the Prices for which the Whole of the said Estates in the County of Gloucester have been so contracted to be sold as aforesaid arc very advantageous, and it would be greatly for the Benefit of the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke, the Tenant for Life of the fame Estates, and the Persons claiming in Remainder, and he the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke and the said Elizabeth Countess of Hardwicke his Wife, and the said Charles Torke, are therefore desirous that the aforesaid Contracts of Sale should be carried into Execution, and also that the said Pieces of Wood Ground which remain unfold should be fold, and that the clear Purchase Monies, together with the Monies to be produced from the Sale of the Timber upon Lot Sixteen on the Second Day’s Sale, should be inverted under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the fubfirting Uses of the said Estates in the County of GIqu-cejicr; but, by reason of the Infancy of the said Charles James Lord Viscount Royston the only Son of the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke, and the Infancy of the said Lady Elizabeth Margaret Torke and Lady Caroline Harriot Torke, the said Desire cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke and Elizabeth Countess of Hardwicke his Wife, for and on Behalf of themselves and their said Infant Children, and also the said Charles Torke, and the said John Savile Lord Viscount Pollington, and Anne Lady Viscountess Pd-lington his Wife, and the said Lady Catherine Freeman Torke, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with die Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, in this present Parliament afiem-bled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and immediately after Estates the passing of this Act, all those the Manors of Hardwicke and Haresfield iu Trusteea. in the County of Gloucester, with their Rights, Royalties, Members, ami Appurtenances, and also all that the impropriate Ref lory of Haresfield and the Advowson of the Vicarage of the Church of Haresfield in the said County of Gloucester, and also all and singular the Messuages, Farms,

Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and Hereditaments in the Parirties of Hardwicke, Haresfield, and Standish, and in the Manor of Rudge in the said County of Gloucester, particularly mentioned and described in the said Schedule to this Act, with their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, shall be vested in and settled upon, and the same are hereby from henceforth vested in and settled upon the said Charles Torke now of Bonnington s in the County of Hertford, and Christopher Pemberton of Cambridge in the County of Cambridge Esquire, and their Heirs for ever, as to so many and such Part or Parts thereof as are or is Freehold of Inheritance in Fee Simple, to the only proper Use and Behoof of them the said Charles Torke and Christopher Pemberton and their Heirs and Assigns for ever, and as to so many and such Part or Parts thereof as are oris Leasehold for Lives, to the Use of them the said Charles Torke 2nd [Loc. & Per.] 30 U Christopher

274S

4.8’ GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

Christopher Pemberton and their Heirs and Assigns for and during the Lives

of the aforesaid cejtui que vies, named in the aforesaid Indenture of Lease of the Twenty-seventh Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety, subject to the Rents, Covenants, and Agreements in the fame Indenture of Lease reserved and contained; and as to the whole of the fame Manors and other Hereditaments, as well Freehold of Inheritance in I'ee Simple as Leasehold for Lives, freed and discharged of and from all and singular the Uses, Trulls, Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and Agreements in the said several herein-before mentioned or recited Will, Codicil, and Indentures, limited, expressed, and declared of and concerning the same, but nevertheless upon the Trulls and for the Ends, Intents, and Purposes herein-after mentioned and declared; that is to say, as to, for, and concerning such of the aforesaid Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the said Contracts of Sale, no Part of which Purchase Money hath been required to be left on Mortgage as aforesaid, upon Trull that they the said Charles Torke and Chrflopher Pemberton or the Survivor of them or his Pleirs do and shall as soon as conveniently may be, upon Payment by the respective Purchasers of the fame Hereditaments of the whole of their respective Purchase Monies into the Bank of England as hereinafter is mentioned, convey and afiure such Parts of the Manors, Advowson, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as are comprised in the said respective Contrails thereof, unto and to the Use of the respective Purchasers thereof, and his, her, or their respective Heirs and Assigns for ever, or for Lives, as the case may be, or to such Uses, and for such Ends, Intents, and Purposes as he, she, or they shall direct or appoint; and as, to, for, and concerning such of the aforesaid Manors and other Hereditaments comprised in the aforesaid Contracts of Sale, Part of whose Purchase Money hath been required to be left on Mortgage as aforesaid, upon Trull that they the said Charles Torke and Christopher Pemberton or the Survivor of them or his Heirs, do and shall as soon as conveniently may be, upon Payment by the respective Purchasers of the fame Hereditaments, of the Residue of their respective Purchase Monies into the Bank as herein-after is mentioned, convey and allure the Parts of the said Manors and other Hereditaments comprised in the said last-mentioned Com rads respectively, to the Use of themselves the said Charles Torke and Christopher Pemberton, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns for the Term of One thousand Years, subject to a Proviso for Redemption on Payment into the Bank, on some Day not exceeding Three Years from the Sixth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight, of the Principal of the Monies so required to remain on Security as aforesaid; and also on Payment unto the said Charles Torke and Christopher Pemberton, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, of Interest in the mean Time after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the Principal Money so to be secured by Half-yearly Payments, in Trull to be paid by them die fameTrullees respectively into the Bank as herein-after also is mentioned, and from and after the Expiration of the said Term of Years so to be limited as aforesaid, to the Use of the respective Purchasers of the said Hereditaments comprised in the said last-mentioned Contracts, and his, her, or their respective Heirs and Assigns for ever or for Lives, as the Case may be, or to such Uses, and for such Ends, Intents, and Purposes, as he, she, or they shall direct or appoint; and as to, for, and concerning the said several Pieces or Parcels of Wood Ground containing Eighty Acres or thereabouts, which have not been

contracted

2747

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

contracted to be sold as aforesaid, and also as to the said Timber ilpon Lot Sixteen on the Second Day’s Sale; and in case it shall be found im practicable to carry into Execution any of the aforesaid Contracts of Sale, then as to, for, and concerning so many and such of the said Hereditaments hereby vetted and settled as aforesaid, as are comprised in such of the said Contracts as itlhall be so found impracticable to carry into Execution, upon Trutt that they the said Charles Torke and Christopher Pember-ion, and the Survivor of them and his Heirs, do and shall with all convenient Speed of their or his own Authority, sell and dispose of the said Pieces or Parcels of Wood, Ground, Timber, and other Hereditaments which have not been so contracted to be sold as aforesaid, or which it shall be found impracticable to fell under any of the said Contracts as aforesaid, unto any Person or Persons whomsoever for the belt Price or Prices that can be got for the fame, either together or in Parcels, and either by Public Sale or Private Contract, and do and shall upon Payment into the Bank as herein-after mentioned of the respective Purchase Monies of the Hereditaments which shall be so sold as last aforesaid, convey and assure the respective Hereditaments so fold unto and to the Use of the respective Purchasers thereof, and his, her, or their respective Heirs and Assigns for ever, or to such Uses, and for such Ends, Intents, and Purposes as he, she, or they shall direct or appoint.

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Sum and Sums of Money which shall arise from any Sale or Sales made, and the principal Money which shall arise from any Mortgage or Mortgages taken in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid by the Person or Persons to whom such Sale or Sales shall be made, or the Person or Persons liable to pay off such Mortgage or Mortgages, and also that the Interefi: of the said Mortgages which shall be paid by the said Charles Torke and Christopher Pemberton., their Executors, or Administrators, shall be by them respectively paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Purchasers of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Philip Earl of Hardwicke, pursuant to the Method preferred by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter the Thirty-second, and the general Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter the Twenty-fourth.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the said Purchasers who have required a Sum of Money to be left on Mortgage of the Hereditaments by them respectively contracted to be purchased as aforesaid, or their respective Heirs or Assigns, shall be defircus of paying the whole or any Part of such respective Sums into the Bank prior to the Time of the Execution of the Conveyances herein-before authorized to be made to them as aforesaid, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for them the fame Purchasers respectively, or their respective Heirs or Assigns, to make any such Payment or Payments accordingly, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General, to the Account and for the Purposes herein-before directed respecting the other Monies provided to be paid into the Bank.

Provision for Failure of Contracts.

Purchase Monies to be paid into the Court of

Chancery.

Provision fop the Purchasers.

2748

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

Monies to be

IV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which shall be paid

snvcfted 01^ in10 the Bank as aforesaid, after deducting such Colls, Charges,^ and odiei-Estates. Expences as herein-after mentioned, shall upon Petition to the said Court of Chancery in a luminary Way by the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke9 or in case of his D-eceafe by the Person or Persons who under the Limitations aforesaid would for the Time being (if this Act had not been made) be beneficially entitled inPolfefiion to the Laid Hereditaments hereby made saleable if such Person or Persons shall be of full Age, but if such Person or Persons shall be under Age, then by his, her, or their Guardian or respective Guardians during his, her, or their Minority or respective Minorities, be laid out and inverted in the Purchase or Purchases of other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tythes, Tenements, or Hereditaments of Inheritance, situate in the Neighbourhood of Wimpole aforesaid, or in some Part of the said County of Cambridge, or which shall be convenient to be holden or enjoyed with the said settled Estates not herein-before directed to be sold as aforesaid, and as shall be approved of by the said Court, and from and immediately after the making of such Purchase or Purchases, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tythes, and other Hereditaments so to be purchased, shall be conveyed, settled, and allured to, upon, and for such and so many of the Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and under and subject to such and so many of the Provisoes, Limitations, and Restrictions in and by the said recited or mentioned Will and Codicil and Indentures, limited and declared of and concerning the said Manors and other Hereditaments hereby veiled and settled as aforesaid, as shall be then subsisting and capable of taking Effect.

Until Pur- V. And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time and until the chafes made^. Monies arising from such Sale or Sales as aforesaid, or from such Mortgage laid ©tit in & or Mortgages to be taken as aforesaid, and from the Interest thereof shall Public he inverted in such Purchase or Purchases as aforesaid, the same shall from

Securities. Time to Time be laid out by the said Accountant General under the

Direction of the said Court of Chancery in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Interest arising from the Money so laid out in the said Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the same as they shall be respectively paid off by* Government, shall be laid out in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, all which said Navy and Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until a proper Purchase or Purchases shall be found and approved (as before directed) and until the same shall upon a Petition setting forth such Approbation to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery in a summary Way by the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke, or by or on the Behalf of the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be beneficially entitled in Possession to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, or if such Person or Persons shall be under Age, then by his or their Guardian or Guardians, be ordered to be sold by the Accountant General for the completing any such Purchase or Purchases, in such Manner as the said Court shall think just and meet; and if the Money arising by the Sale of such Navy or Victualling or Exchequer Bills shall exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money so. laid out as aforesaid, then and in that^Cafe only the Surplus which shall remain after dif-

charging

2749

48° GEORGII III. Cap. i\i.

charging the Expence of the Application to the Court, shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Lands directed to be purchased in case the fame had been purchased pursuant to this Act, or to the Representatives of such Person or Persons.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, and the said Courtis hereby authorized from Time to Time to make such an Order as the said Court shall think fit, for taxing or settling all the Costs, Charges, and Expences already incurred in making the aforesaid Sales by Auction and Private Contract, including One Moiety of the Auction Duty which by the Conditions of Sale was to be paid by the Vendor, and also all Costs, Charges, and Expences which shall have been incurred preparatory to and in applying for and obtaining and passing this Act, and in making the several Applications to the said Court in pursuance thereof, and in making and completing the Sales of the Hereditaments hereby made falcable, and in inverting the clear surplus Monies which under this Act shall be paid into the Bank of England, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments according to the Directions herein contained, or otnerv/ife in carrying the Trurts and Purposes of this Act into complete Execution, and also from Time to Time to make an Order for Payment of all such Corts, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid out of the Monies which shall be so paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or out of the Monies arising by Sale of the Navy or Victualling or Exchequer Bills so to be purchased as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Certificate or Certificates of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery under his Hand, together with the Receipt or Receipts of the Cashier of the Bank of England to be thereto annexed and therewith filed in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery, shall from Time to Time and at all Times be a good and sufficient Discharge to such Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Manors and other Hereditaments hereby made saleable as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, and to the Person or Persons paying off the Principal of any Mortgage or Mortgages to be taken under the Authority of this Act as aforesaid, and to his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, for so much of the said Purchase or Mortgage Money for which such Certificate or Certificates, and Receipt or Receipts shall be so given; and such Purchaser or Purchaseis, and the Person or Persons paying off such Mortgage or Mortgages, and his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be and are and is hereby absolutely and for ever freed, acquitted, and discharged of and from the same; and he, she, or they, or any of them, after such Certificate or Certificates and Receipt or Receipts shall be so filed, shall not be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application of the said Purchase Money or any Part thereof; and the Receipt and Receipts of the said Charles Torke and Christopher Pemberton, and their Executors or Administrators, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge to the Persons paying the Interest of the Mortgages aforesaid, pursuant to the Directions herein-before contained.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time and until such Sale or Sales shall be completed or made as aforesaid of the said Manors and other Hereditaments hereby vested and settled as aforesaid, they the said Charles Torke and Christopher Pemberton or the Survivor of them, or [lM. WPerl ' 30 X the

Expences of Sale to be settled by the Court of Chancery.

Certificate of Accountant General and Receipt of Cashier of the Bank, to be a sufficieut Discharge,

Rents (until Completion of Sales) by whom to be received.

275°

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 1 + 1.

tire Ilcirs or Assigns of’such Survivor, shall permit and suffer the Rents and Profits thereof to be had, received, and taken by such Person or Persons as would respective’ly have been entitled thereto, and ought to have received the fame in case this AQ. had not been made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding Part of the Manors, Lands, and other Hereditaments originally subjected to the said Annuity or yearly Rent Charge of One thousand two hundred Pounds to the said Elizabeth Countess of Hardwicke for her Jointure as aforesaid, is by the Operation of this Act freed and discharged of and from the same Annuity or Rent Charge, and all Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for compelling the Payment thereof; yet nevertheless the said Annuity or yearly Rent Charge Avail be and remain and continue to be issuing and payable out of the Residue of the Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments originally charged therewith, and not hereby veiled in Trull to be sold as aforesaid, with all Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for recovering and compelling Payment of the fame from and out of such Residue of the fame Manors, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, in such and the same Manner as if the said Residue of the said Manors, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments had been originally the only Premises subject to the Payment of the fame Annuity or yearly Rent Charge.

General X. Saving always unto the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and His

Saving. Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons whom-

soever, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke and his Heirs and Assignt, and the said Elizabeth Countess of Hardwicke and her Assigns, and the said Charles James now Lord Viscount Royston and the tleirs Male of his Body, and the Second and other Son and Sons of the said Philip now Earl of Hardwicke, and the Heirs Male of the Body a"nd respective Bodies of all and every such Second and other Sons, and the said John Lord Viscount Pollingtcn and Anne Lady Viscountess Pollington his Wife, Lady Catherine Freeman, Lady Elizabeth Margaret, and Lady Caroline Harriot Take, and their several and respective Executors, Ad mini ft rators, and Assigns, and the said Charles Tcrke and the Heirs Male of His Body, and all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever having ’or lawfully claiming, or hereafter to have or lawfully claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Imerefl in his, her, or their own Right, or as Trustee or Trustees under or by virtue of the Will, Codicil, or Indentures, or Recovery herein-before recited or mentioned, or any of them, of, in, to, or out of the said Manors, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, Rectory, Advowson, Tythes, and other Hereditaments herein-before veiled and settled as aforesaid). all such Estates, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the said Manors, Messuages, Farms, Tandy Tenements, Rectory, Advowson, Tythes, and other Hereditaments herein-before veiled and settled as aforesaid, or any Parc or Parcel'thereof, as they, every, or any of them had before the pa fling of this Act, or could or might have, claim, challenge, or enjoy in case this Act had not been made.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Pi inter to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

The

Aa to be tie King’s

Residue of Lord Ilard-wicke’s settled Estates to remain subject to Lady Hard-

Jointure.

5

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 141

3751

Tile SCHEDULE to which the foregoing Act refers.

GLOUCESTERSHIRE.

Toni

-f

Oouadl.

In Haresfield In Ditto In Ditto In Hardwicke In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Haresfield The Tytht

Me flu age, Buildings, and

Messuage, Buildings, and Cottage and

76 a 35

8 3' 18

4 3

4 3 28

9 2 M 8S

Messuage, Buildings, and Corn and Hay arising from 2,3 n Acres of Land in Hardwicke Coldthorp, and ii the Manor of Rudge, with the Seite of the Tythi Barn Leasehold, for Three Lives under the See of Gloucester The Manor of Haresfield, with the Right in the Soil of the Commons and Wastes, containing about I 200 Acres, with the Chief Rents, amounting to j £ 3 3 s. id. per Annum - . J

The Impropriate Tythes of Corn and Hay arifings from 768 Acres of Land by Estimation in Hares- > field - J

The Advowson of the Vicarage of Haresfield, with a " and 26 Acres and an Half of

In Haresfield In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto

In Ditto A Cottage and

In Ditto A Cottage and

la Ditto A Cottage and Garden

Daniel John Niblett, Esq.

A Cottage and A Cottage and

4 2 36

4 3 39

Same

Same

Same

Same

Same

Same

6,500

2,680

4>95°

3*650

880

37®

►16,750

34*3*5

2 7-52

GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

In Har.}»-ickc In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto [In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto

A Cottage anti Close ad- Not in the Particulars.

3 3

A Messuage, Buildings, and 73:

A Mcffnage, Buildings, and A Messuage, Buildings, and 5S 3 35

Mr. Thomas CrOome Mr John Hawke?

Mr. John PhiljVotts, fen.

The Quantity of Lot 13 is to be measured and paid for, according to the Quantity, at the Average Price per Acre for which the Land fold.

In Harcsfield A Cottage and - o t o Same

In Ditto - - - 500 Mr. Nathaniel Hawkins

In Ditto A Messuage, Buildings, and I16 3 32 Same In Ditto - - - 7 3 15 Same

In Ditto A Messuage, Buildings, and 121 1 r Mr. Richard Martin

In Ditto A Cottage, Buildings, and 4 3 17 Mr. John Priddy

In Ditto The Mansion-house and 195 1

In Ditto - 107 3 2

The Manor of Hardwicke with Chief ~ amounting to £.7, 10 s. 71I. per > -

Annum

In Haresfield In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto

In Hardwicke In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto In Ditto

Cottage and Cottage and Gai

Cottage and A Cottage and

3

All the Land in Haresfield was fold a

William Parker, Esq. Same by Private Contrail (No

’u Contract ha led for this last

Lot.)

Samuel Lyfons, Esq.

Same

Mr. James Fielder Crc

(No Contract has been signed for this last Lot Mr Thomas Spire Mr. Henry Eycott Mr. Charles Sommers Mr. Beavan Smith

: from Tythe of Corn and Hay.

j Brought forward -

12 ;Samfe by Private Contrail c f Same also by Private,) 3 t Contrail - j

24 [Mr John Philpotts, jun.

17 I Same

Mr. Jofeplx Grazebrook

34.585

420 )

3,620

4,960

630

| 6,8l

4.960

Christopher Pembcrion. William Guflarce.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 141.

2753

TIMBER VALUATION.

The Timber, by the Conditions of-Sale, was to be paid for by the Purchasers at a Valuation to be made subsequent to the Sale, which Valuation hath been since made, and is as follows:

Upon the Lots purchased by Daniel John Nibletl, Esq. Upon the Lot purchased by William Parker, Esq.

Upon the Lot purchased by Mr. Richard Martin Upon the Lots purchased by Mr. Nathaniel Hawkins Upon the Lot purchased by Mr. Thomas Spire Upon the Lots purchased by Mr John Philpotts, senior Upon the Lots purchased by Mr. John Philpotts, junior Upon the Lots purchased by Mr. Joseph Grazebruok Upon the Lots purchased by Samuel Lyfons, Esq. Upon the Lots purchased by Mr. Beavan Smith Upon the Lot purchased by Mr. Thomas Croomc

Upon the Lot purchased by Mr. John Hawkej Upon the Lot purchased by Mr. John Priddy

£ s. d.

- 1,269 12 3

56o 0 0

- 85 0 0

- 280 0 0

- 35 0 0

- 369 3 6

- 122 9 7

409 6 0

- 3 '9 9

too 0 0

' 121 4 11

3.35516

£57. 3 0

55 -8 8

J13 1 8

3,468 17 8

N.B. The Valuation of the Timber upon the Lots sold to Mr. John Hawkes and Mr, John Priddy, was made by the Agent of the Vendors, no Person having met him on the part of the Purchaser:., one of whom has since objected to the Valuation.

William Cujlance.

RENTAL.

ANNUAL GROSS RENTAL of the above ESTATES in the Parishes of HARDW1CKE and HARESFIELD, at the Time they were fold.

TENANTS. RENT.

IN HARDWICKE. £ 1. d. £ s. d.

Richard Martin - John Beach - - . Nathaniel Hawkins - . Thomas Gingell .... Daniel Jenkins - Mary Few (ter - - William Rowles .... Daniel Fryer ... Thomas Slayne - . . Thomas Marston - ... Chief Rents payable to the Manor of Hardwicke 635 >3 0 325 0 0 270 0 0 173 15 ° 167 13 0 l6 O O 8 10 0 13 IO 0 5 5° 1,617 10 0 a 10 7

Carried over - - - * 0 7

2754

48° GEORGII

Cap. i41

Brought forward

IN HARESFIELD.

Richard Chamberlain Samuel Martin’s Executors George Stroud Thomas Spire Thomas Harper

Widow M ody - "

Thomas Kent Daniel Short

J.ofeph Holdridge

James Hyett -

Chief Rents payable to the Manor of Haresfield

ANNUAL OUTGOINGS.

Land Tax In Hardwicke and Haresfield Rent Charge to Daniel John Niblett, Esq.

Fee Farm Rent to the Crown, issuing out of the Tythes of") Haresfield - - - " "J

Reserved Rent to the Bishop of Gloucester for they Ja Tythes of Hardwicke, communibus aimis - J Land Tax payable for these Tythes - 8

Christopher Pemberton.

AN ACCOUNT of the WOOD GROUND remaining unfold.

Broadbeech Wood Hollidays Wood Lady’s Acre The Cliff

IN HARESFIELD.

William Cujlance.

The Remainder of the Estates not directed to be sold by virtue of this Act, and upon which the' Jointure of One thousand’ and two hundred Pounds a Year for the Countess of Hardwicke, and the Portions of Fifteen tiioufand Pounds for younger Children, charged by the said Indenture of the Twenty-sixth Day of August One thousand seven hundred and ninety, is of the annual Value of Six thcu.and Pounds and upwards.

Christopher Pemberton.

LONDON: Printed by George Lyre and Andrew Straha>n, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

I!

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

3 19 6 3 J i

f ij i

GEORGII III.1 REGIS

i tie'

I. the the Six

Cap. 142.

An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers of several Acts, passed in the Thirty-fifth, Forty-fourth, and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease with Powers of Renewal of Lands in the Parish of Paddington in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of building upon.

[25th "June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of Elis present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enabling ;j G. 34 the Lord Bishop of London to grant a Lease with Powers of Renewal of Lands in the Barish of Paddington in the County of Middlesex, for the Purpose of building upont it was (amongst other Things) enacted.

That it should and might be lawful to and for Beilby then and now Lord Bishop of London, and his Successors for the Time being, and he and they were thereby required and directed by Indenture under the episcopal Seal of the said Lord Bishop and his Successors, to demise, lease, and to farm let unto Thomas Wood (since deceased) Sir John Frederick Baronet, and Arthur Stanhope, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, or the Trustees or Trustee for the Time being, to be thereafter named and appointed under the Powers in certain Indentures of Settlement bearing Date the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and Fourth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three (in the same Act recited,) reserved, and contained, their or his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, all that the Scite and capital Mef-[Lec, fcf Perl] 30 2 fuage

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 142.

fuage of the Manor of Paddington in the said County of Middlesex, and all Houses, Edifices, Barns, Stables, Orchards, Gardens, and Curtilages to the said Scite and capital Messuage adjoining and belonging, and also all Lands, Meadows, Pastures, "Feedings, Commons, and Hereditaments commonly called The Demefnt Lands of the Manor of Paddington, and other the Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, n the said Act mentioned; to hold for the Term of Ninety-nine Years, and to commence from the Day next before the Day of the Date of such Lease, upon such Terms and subject to such Restrictions and Conditions and also with such Powers of Renewal as in the said Act are mentioned; and it is in and by the said Act (among other Things) provided that there should be reserved in such Lease and renewed Leases a chief Rent chargeable on the said Lands, Messuages, or Tenements and Hereditaments thereby to be demised for the Benefit of the said Lord Bishop of London and his Successors for the Time being, of Forty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence, and also One Third Part of the Rents, Issues, Ground Rents, and other Profits reserved and to be reserved due and payable or arising out of or from or which the fame Messuages or Tenemenrs, Lands, Tyther., Hereditaments, and Premises, and every Part thereof should be let for immediately before the passing of the said Act, and which the fame should from Time to Time be let for under the Leases to be granted as thereinafter mentioned or otherwise, after deducting in the First Place the said Rent of Forty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence, a Pension to the Curate of Paddington of One hundred and twenty Pounds a Year, Fifteen Pounds a Year to the Churchwardens of the Parish of Paddington, the Land Tax and such other Taxes as should or might be thereafter imposed on the Lesser or Landlord in respect of the said Premises; and which said Annual Sums of One hundred and twenty Pounds and fifteen Pounds are charged upon certain Parts of the Premises so to be dennfed; and it is in and by the said Act (among other Things) further provided th it there be a Convenant inferred in such Lease and Leases so to be granted and renewed as aforesaid, that they the said Thomas Wood, Sir John Frederick and Arthur Stanhope, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, or any succeeding Trustee or Trustees to be appointed as aforesaid, their or his Executors, Administrators, or Afilgns, should not lease or demise any Part of the said Hereditaments and Premises to be comprised in the Leases so to be granted to t.hem as aforesaid (except as in the said Act mentioned); and that there should also be inserted in the Leases so to be granted by the said Lord Bishop and his Successors a Proviso or Power authorizing the said Thomas Weed, Sir John Frederick, and Arthur Stanhope, their Executors, Adminiffracors, or Assigns, or any succeeding Trustee or Trustees to be appointed as aforesaid, their or his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to demise, lease, or grant any Part of the said Messuages, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, comprised in the Lease or Leases F> to be granted by the Bishop of London and his Successors as aforesaid, not exceeding Two hundred Acres thereof, without Application to Parliament lor further Powers, unto any Person or Persons who should be willing to build upon, rebuild, or fubffan-tially repair the fame in the Manner by the Lease ot respective Leases to be granted thereof, to be specified for any Term or Number of Years able-lute, not exceeding Ninety-eight Years; and so as there be reserved in and by such Leases, Demiles, or Grants respectively the bess: and mod improved yearly Rent that could be reasonably had or gotten for the fame;

and

45* GE OR Oil III. Cap. 142.

and so as that (amongst other Restrictions, Provisoes, and Conditions, in the said Act mentioned) such Underlettings of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, should from Time to Time be let by public Auction to the bed Bidder, and who should be approved of by the said Lord Bishop of London and his Successors for the Time being, and such Lessee or Lessees of the See of London as aforesaid, as an eligible Person to take the fame, and that Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of every such Lettings should be given Ten Days previous thereto to the said Lord Bishop of London, or his Successors for the Time being, or his Steward for the Time being, by the said Lessees for the Time being, in the Leases to be granted by the said Bishop and his Successors as aforesaid, Rating the Quantity of Land, Hereditaments, and Premises, then intended to be let, and the Number of Lots, and so that as to all Pieces or Parcels or Land which should be so let for building Houses, whose Breadth in Front should be Twenty- eight Feet and upwards, no more than one such Piece or Parcel of Land should be comprised in one Lot on every such Letting, and so that as to all Pieces or Parcels of Land for building Houses of smaller Dimensions, no more that One hundred Feet in Breadth in Front should be comprised in One Lot on every such Letting, and so as that such Under Lessees respectively should. be bound to build thereupon within such Period of Time after the Date of their respective Leases as should be in such respective Leases ascertained, and agreeable to such Plan as should be approved by the said Lord Bishop of London and his Successors and the said Lessees for the Time being, and so as the Ground Rents thereby to be referred be in due Time amply secured, otherwise such Under Lease or Leases were declared to be void, and so that One-third Part of the Rent to be reservedupon such Under Leases respectively should be reserved and made payable to the said Lord Bishop of London and his Successors for the Time being, subject as therein-before mentioned, and the remaining Two third Parts thereof subject as therein-before mentioned to the said Thomas Wood, Sir John Frederick, and Arthur Stanhope, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and to the Trustees and Trustee for the Time being, to be appointed as therein-before mentioned, their or his Executors, Administrators, or Assignsj and it is in and by the said Act provided and declared that nothing therein contained shall preclude any one Person from taking any Number of such Under Leases if so approved of as aforesaid, so as that no more Land be contained in any one of such Under Leases than is therein-before mentioned in that Behalf, and so as that no one Person should hold together more than Fifteen Acres of the said Land: And whereas by another Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of Hi* said present Majesty, inticuled. An Act for a'tering and amending the said recited Afl, and for granting further Powers the better to carry into Execution the Purposes of the fame Aid, after reciting the said recited Act in pan to the efftft herein-before recited, and also reciting that Robert Thistlethwayte the eldest Son of Robert Thistlethwayte Esquire and Selina his Wife, named in the said recited Act, died an Infant under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and Alexander Thistlethwayte the Second Son of the said Robert Thistlethwayte and Selina his Wife attained his Age of Twenty-one Years, but afterwards, to wit on the Twenty-fourth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and one, departed this Life intestate and without Issue, but leaving Eliza Mary 'Thistlethwayte his Wife then his Widow, and the said Robert Thistlethwayte his Father his next of Kin 0 him

2j60

4S* GEORGII III. Cap. 142.

hitivsurviving, and that the raid Robert Thistlethwayte the Father died In the Month of October One thousand tight hundred and two, having made his Will dated the riiirry.fi/fl Day of May One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, and thereby appointed his Brother-in-Law the Right Ile-rourable Phillip Earl o{Chesterfield, his Brother the Reverend Alexander Thhtlttlm yte, his Brother in-Law the said Arthur Stanhope, and William Strong Eft}1 lire, Executors thereof, who had all since duly proved the said Will in the Prerogative Court of tl\e Arhbishop of Canterbury; and also reciting that the rdhaining the Letting of the said Ellate to public Auction only in Manner required by the said Act had been found to be very pre-judical to the Imerefts of the Parties interested in the said Effate and a great Check to the future Improvement thereof, and it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the See of London and the other Parties interested in the said Effate if Powers were given to the Lessees for the Time being in the Leaks granted and to be granted by the said Lord Bishop or his Successors as aforesaid, to treat and contract for the Letting thereof by private Contrail, and other Powers were given f >r the better carrying into Execution thetPurposes of the aforesaid Act, it was, upon the Prayer of the said Bcilby Lord Bishop of London, the said Sir John Frederick and Arthur Stanhope, Sir ‘John Morfi:ead Baronet and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, and Frederick Treife Moish.ad, Selina 'Thistlethwayte, Eliza Mary Thistlethwayte, the said Earl of Chesterfield, the Reverend Alexander Thistlethwayte, Arthur Stanhope, and Wiliam Strong, enacted that so much tf the said first mentioned Act as is herein-before recited (that is to say; 4 that such Underlettings of the said

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, shou'id 6 from lime to Time be by public Auction to the best Bidder, and who

should be approved of by the said Lord Bishop of London and his Successors for the Time being, and such Lessee or Lessees of the See of c London as aforesaid, as an eligible Person to take the fame, and that Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of every such Letting be given

Ten Days previous thereto, to the said Lord Bishop of London or his

Successors for the Time being, or his Steward for the Time being,

‘ by the said Lessees for the Time being, in the Leases to be granted by ‘ the said Lord Bishop and] his Successors as aforesaid, Hating the Quantity of Land, Hereditaments, and Premises then intended to be let, and the

Number of Lots, and so that as to all Pieces or Parcels of Land which should be so let for building Houses whose^Breadth in Front Humid be Twenty-eight Feet and upwards, no more than one such Piece or Parcel cfLand should be comprised in oneLot on every such Letting,

and so that as to ail Pieces or Parcels of Land for building Houses of smaller Dunensions, no more than One hundred Feet in Breadth in Front should be comprised in One Lot on every such Letting, and so as that no more Land be contained in any one of such Under Leases than.

4 is therein-before mtntioned in that Behalf/ be repealed, and the fame was thereby repealed accordingly; and it was thereby enacted, that in lieu of so much of the said recited Act respecting the Letting by Auction as was thereby repealed as aforesaid, it might "and should be lawful to and for the Lessees or Lessee for the Time being, in the Lease and Leases granted and to be granted by the said LordBshop and his Successors as aforesaid and the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of Lcn Lessees or Lessee, and he and they were thereby authorized and empowered, but with the previous Consent and Approbation of the said Beilby Lord Bishop of London and his Successors Lr the Time being, to be flguified

-.ji

flail

Ufo

'®da

! $!it>

lee of (bat 'iVen t his CCS» rdby >11211* id the rhich lotid t or

n> $$& i in 5 as hail

jfflC

tin

ro

ifes

as

fees

id I

d j

it

48° GEORGII III. Cap. x\±. 2761

by any Writing under his Hard, to treat by private Contrail or othefr-wife a^ such Lessees or Lesser, his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, Ihojld think most proper and beneficial for the Interest of the said See and Lessees or Lessee, with any Person or Persons willing to build upon, rebuild or substantially repair for a Lease or Leases of and accordingly to demise, lease, or grant all or any Part of the Two hundred Acres of Land in the said therein recited Act mentioned to be let for building upon in the Manner by the Lease or respective Under Leases to be granted thereof to be specified, for any Term or Number of Years absolute not exceeding Ninety-eight Years; provided that the said Lord Bishop cf London for the Time being be a Party to all such Under Leases; and provided that the several Powers, Reservations, and Provisions in the said Act reserved and contained be. fully provided for in such Under Leases so to be granted as aforesaid, save only as by the said now reciting Ad the fame were repealed, and in and by the said Act now in recital several Powers and Authorities were given and granted to the Lessees or Lessee for the Time being in the Lease and Lease> granted and to be granted by the said Trustees as aforesaid, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to be exercised with the Confeiit and Appro bation inWriting under the Hand of the said Beilby Lord Bishop of London and his Successors; and it was by the same Act enacted that the said Frederick Treife Morfhead and Henry Frederick Thifllethwayte Esquire, one of the Sons of the said late Robert Thifllethwayte by the said Selina This-tlethwayte, should be and they were thereby appointed Trustees in the Room and Place of the said 'Thomas IFood deceased, of all and Angular the said T uft Estates and Premises; and that they the said Frederick Treife Vorjhead and Henry Frederick Thistlethwayte were thereby veiled with all such Powers and Authorities jointly with the said Sir John Frederick and Arthur Stanhope as if they h d been named originally Trustees in the said therein recited Act: And whereas by an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act 45 G* 3-for granting further Powers, the better to carry into Execution the said recited Act of the Thirty fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, after reciting the said recited Acts in Part to the Effect herein-before Tec ted, and also reciting that considerable Progress had been made for carrying into Execution the said Acts, but Doubts had arisen whether the Trustees of the original Lease lor the Time being, though with the Consent of the said Lord Bishop or his Successors, had a Power under the said Acts or either of them to enter into Contracts for granting Building Leases at aRentto be specified in the Contract payable for the whole Ground agreed to be demised, and afterwards as the Houses or Buildings should be completed or covered in to grant separate Leases of such Houses or Buildings at separate Rents amounting in the Whole to the Rent originally coatraded for, which Mode of contracting was by Experience found to be a necessary Preliminary to the granting ^of any such L ease, and it had been found impradicable on account of such Doubt to effect the beneficial Purposes of the said first mentioned Act; it was upon the Prayer of the said Beilby Lord Bishop of London and the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morfhead, and Henry Frederick Thistlethwayte, Trustees as aforesaid, the said Sir John Morfheadand Dame Elizabeth his Wife, the said Frederick Treife Morfhead in his own Right, the said Selina Thistlethwayte, Eliza Mary Thjllethwatye, the said Earl of Chesterfield, ch» Reverend Alexander Thistlethwayte,

[£sr. tiPer.] 31^ Arthur

2762 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 142.

Arthur Stanhope, and William Strong, enacted, that from and after passinS the said Act now in recital, it should and might be lawful to and for the Lessees or Lessee for the Time being in the Lease and Leases granted and to be granted by the said Lord Bishop of London and his Successors as aforesaid, and the Executors, Administrators^ and Assigns of such Lessees or Lessee, and they and he were thereby authorized and empowered, but with the Consent and Approbation of the said Lord Bishop and his Successors for the Time being, to be signified by any Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, from Time to Time to contract and agree to demise, lease, or grant any Part or Parts of the aforesaid Messuages, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, not exceeding Two hundred Acres, authorized by the said first recited Act to be let for building tpon or rebuilding, with the Appurtenances, to ajiy Person or Persons whomsoever, for any Term not exceeding Ninety-eight Years from the Date of such Contract or Agreement, to take effect in Possession and not in Remainder or by way of future Interest, and at and under the belt Yearly Rent or Rents that could be reasonably had or gotten at the Time of such Contract or Agreement, for the Land or Premises to be therein comprised, without taking any Sum of Money or other Thing by way of Fine, Premium, or Foregift for or in respect of the lame; and afterwards from Time to Time when and as the Land so agreed to be let or any Part or Parts thereof should be built upon in the Manner stipulated in any such Contract or Agreement, and the Building should be corered in or proceeded in to the Extent mentioned in such Contract or Agreement, with the Privity, Consent, and Approbation of the said Lord Bishop of London or his Successors for the Time being, by One or more Indentuie or Indentures, to demise and lease the Land lo agreed to be let on such Part or Parts thereof as should be so built upon, together with the House or Houses and other Buildings thereupon erected and built, unto the Person or Persons contracting to take the same as aforesaid, or unto such other Person or Persons as they should nominate and appoint in that Behalf for and during the Remainder of the Term to be specified in such Contraft or Agreem nt, and in such Parts and Parcels and under and subject to such Parts and Proportions of the Yearly Rent or Rents to be specified in such Contract or Agreement as should be Thought proper and convenient, but so that the Yearly Rent to be reserved upon any such Lease, if it be greater than an equal Proportion rf the original Rent agreed to be reserved for the Whole of the Land or Ground comprised in the C ntraft or Agreement, did not exceed One-seventh Part of the clear Yearly Rack Rent cr Value of the Land and Buildings to be by such Lease demised, and so that the Yearly Rent to be reserved by any Le-feto be granted in pursuance of the said Act now in recital be not in any Case less than Forty Shillings, and provided also that the Lord Bishop of London for the Time being be a Party to all such Leases: And whereas by Indenture of Alignment bearing Date on Indenture, or about the Twenty-fourth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and 34 July iioy. £ven? ancj made between the said Eilza Mary Thijllethwayte of the one Part, and Thomas Thntkthwayte bfquire of the other Part, after reciting (among other Things) that the said Eliza Mary Thistle: jayte had obtained Letters of Administration to the Estate and Effects of the said Alexander ? hist let hwayte her late Husband decea!ed,andwas ' ccome entitled to One-half of One-third of his Estate and Effects as her riidribuiive Share thereof, it was witnessed that for the Consideration th ein exprefLd (he the said. Elmo. Mary Thistlethwayte did assign unto the said Thomas Thistelthxvayte

all

at

n

Ktt

ri,

ad

ier

red

ODS

the

rot

belt

ISC

an

of

'is

ay

in

I IB

tich

k

iro

to

ia

ia

a

or

bs

be

on

er

d

o

a

id

e

i

48° GEORGII III. Cap.Hi.

*11 that Moiety or equal Half Part of One-third Part, being One sixth Part or Share to which Ihe the said Eliza Mary Thistlethwayte was entitled in her own Right as the Widow and Administratrix of the said Alexander Thistle!hwayte her late Husband deceasi d, of, in, or to all that the said Scite of the Manor oi Paddington and other the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments more particularly described and comprised in the said first recited Act, subject to the Life Estate of the said Selina This-llethwayte, to hold the fame after the Decease of the said Selina Thistlethwayte, unto the said Thomas Thistlethwayte, his Executors, Adminiltra-tors, and Assigns, to and for his and their own Use and Benefit absolutely:

And whereas several of the C lauses and Provisions contained in the said recited Acts and in Part herein-before recited are the Cause of great Inconvenience and Embarraifinents to the several Lessors and Lessees of the said Estates; and it would be highly to the Advantage to all Person* interested therein if the fame were altered, varied, and repealed, and other Powers were given for the better carrying into Execution the Purposes of the said Acts; but inasmuch as the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; therefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said Beilby Lord Bishop of London on Behalf of himself and his Successors, and the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thistlet hwayte, Trusteesas aforesaid, the said Sir John Morjhead and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, the said Frederick Treife Morjhead in his own Right, the said Selina ThrJUethway/e, the said Earl of Chesterfield, the Reverend Alexander Thi tletbwoyte, Arthur Stanhope, and William . '-':j

Strong, and the said Thomas Thistlethwayte, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said fiid recited Act Certain Part* &s is herein-after recited'that is to say) 4 That there shall also beinferted fcjJalS*.1'

‘ in the Leases so to be granted by the said Lord Bishop and his Successors 4 a Proviso or Power authorizing the said Thomas Wood, Sir John Frederick,

and Arthur Stanhope their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, or any succeeding Trustee or Trustees to be appointed as aforesaid, their 6 or his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to demise, lease, or grant any Part of the said Messuages, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premiftrs comprised in the Lease and Leases so to be granted by the Bishop of

London and his Successors as aforesaid, not exceeding Two hundred Acres thereof, without Application to Parliament for further Powers,

unto any Person or Persons who shall be willing to build upon, rebuild,

4 or fubdantially repair the fame in the Manner by the Lease or respre- tive Leases to be granted thereof, to be specified for any Term or Number ol Years absolute not exceeding Ninety-eight Years (provided that the said Lord Bishop for the Time being be a pauy to all such

Under Leases) to take Effect in Possession and not in Reversion or by way of future Interest, with Liberty for the LeflR-e or Lessees to take down all or any Part or Par:s of the Buildings standing upon the Pre- mises in any such Lease or Leases to be respectively comprised, and to ‘ convert and dispose of the Materials thereof to such Uf'es and Purposes as shall be therein mentioned and agreed upon, and also to lay out and appropriate any Part of the Premises to be comprised in such Lease or Leases as or for a Garden or Gardens to the Messuage or Mdfuajie*

which may be built upon the Premises, or as or for a Way or Ways,

7 Paflag*

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 142.

Passage or PaiFages for the Use and Convenience of the Lessee or Lefice* or other Tenants or Occupiers of the Premises, or as public Street, Squares, Path's, and P»ffages,loas thcie be reserved in and by such Leases, Demises, or Grarts respectively the belt and most improved yearly Rent that can be reasonably had or gotten for the same, to be made payable quarterly tree from all Deductions whatsoever without any Fine, Premium, or Foregift, or any Thing i.> the Nature of a Fine being taken for the making thereof, and so as there be contained in such Demises or Leases respectively Covenants from the respective Lessees to build and keep in Rcpur the Messuages, E rest ions, and Buildings whi.h maybe agreed to be ereCE-d and built on the Permifes, and a!so substantially to rebuild and repair the Messuages and Buildings built and agreed or intended to be rebuilt or repaired only, and to keep the Buildings in such Leases respectively insured from Damage by Fire to the Amount of Four-fifths of the Value thereof in some of the public Offices for insuring against Damage by Fire, and to surrender and leave in Repair the Messuages, Erections, and Buildings to be erected and built or rebuilt and repaired upon the Premises thereby respectively to be leased at the End of the Term or Terms in such Leases granted, and so as there be contained in such Demises or Leases respectively all such other usual. and proper Covenants, Provisoes, and Conditions, on the Parts of the respective Lessees as are usually contained in Building Leases near the City of London or in the County of Middlesex, and so as there be also contained in such Demises or Lealies respectively Conditions of Re-entry for Non-payment of the Rent to be thereby reserved or Non-performance of the Covenants, Provisoes, or Conditions on the Part of the respective Lessees, and io as the respective Lessees, do severally execute Counterparts of their respective Leases, and so that such Under-Lessees respectively shall be bound to build thereupon within such a Period of Time alter the Date of their respective Leases as shall be in such respective Leases afeertairied, and agreeable to such a Plan as shall be app oved by the said Lord Bishop of London and his Successors and the said Lessees for the Time being, and so as the Ground Kents thereby to be reserved be in due Time amply secured, otherwise such Under Lease or Leases shall be void, and so as such Leases be respectively approved by the Lord Bishop of London and his Successors for the Time b ing, or his or their Agents, before the Execution thereof, and so that One-third Part of the Rent to be reserved upon such Under Leases respectively shall be ref-rved and made payable in Manner aforesaid to the said Lord Bishop of London and his Successors for the Time being, subject as aforesaid, and the remaining Two-third Parts thereof subject as aforesaid to the said Thomas Wood, Sir John Frederick and Arthur Stanhope, their Executors, Administrators, a: J Assigns, and to the Trustees and Truffee for the Time being, to be appointed as aforesaid, their or his Executors, Adnhniltrators, or Assigns, and so that no more Land shall be demised for making new Buildings thereon than what such Under-Lessees respectively shall covenant to cover with substancia! Buildings, except lb much only as. shall. be necessary for convenient Yards, Area>, and Garbensr thereto, and also except such Part and Parts thereof as shall be allotted and let out, with the Approbation and Consent-of.-the said Lord Bishop and his Successors for the Time: being as aforesaid, for Roans, Paths, and Streets or Squares, and so, that in such Under Leases so to be

made

2

jd_8* GEORGII III. Cup*!42*

made and gtanted respectively in pursuance of the said Act now in recital shall be contained all such necessary Covenants and Clauses as

are usual in Building or Repairing- Leases respefhvely near the City of London or in the County of Middlesex, and for digging for Brick, 4 Tile, Clay, Sand, Loam, or Gravel to be used upon the fame Premises, and for the Improvement thereof but not otherwise: Provided also,

that there shall be at leal! three Counterparts of such Under Leases ref-

pectively, and that one of such Counterparts (trail be delivered to the said Lord Bishop and his Successors for the Time being, of to feme Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Lord^ Bishop and his Successors for the Time being, to receive the same, and that the Sum 1 of Six Shillings and Eight-pence shall be paid by the said Under-lessees

respectively to such Person or Persons with every Counterpart of such Lease so delivered, as a Fee for his registering the fame in the Name of the said Lord Bishop and his Successors for the Lime being, 4 or as he or they shall direct or appoint, and that two other of such Counterparrs shall be delivered to the said Thomas, Wood, Sir Joint Frederick, and Arthur Stanhope, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or the Trustees or Trustee for the Time being, to be appointed as aforesaid, their or his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, 1 be repealed, and the lame is hereby repealed accordingly: Subject nevertheless and without Prejudice to any Leases already g-anted under or by virtue of and pursuant to the Powers in the said recited Acts of Parliament or any of them, and also subject and without Prejudice to any Lease or Leases to be thereafter granted in pursuance of the fame Acts or any of them, and in Performance of any Contract or Contract for a Lease or Leases which have or hath been entered into for granting any Lease or Leases under or by virtue of and pursuant to the Powers of the fame Acts or any of them; but nothing contained in this Provision shall extend to any Leases which shall be granted with the Assent of the Lessee or Lessees pursuant to the Powers herein-after contained.

II. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of so much of the said flrfl recited Act respecting the granting of Leases as is hereby repealed as aforesaid, that from and after passing this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lessees cr Lessee for the Time being, in the Lease and Leases granted and to be granted by the said Lord Bishop of London and his Successors as aforesaid, and the Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of such Lessee or Lessees, and they and he are and is hereby authorized and empowered to demise, lease, or grant any Part of the said Messuages, Lands, Hereditaments, and Premises, comprised in such Lease and Leases, not exceeding Two hundred Ao es, without Application to Parliament for further Powers, unto any Person or Persons who shall have built upon, rebuilt, or substantially repaired, or who shall have contracted or he willing to build upon, rebuild, or to substantially repair the fame, or to such Person or Persons as he or they shall nominate or appoint, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding Ninety-eight Years from the Date or Commencement cf any such Under Lease (provided that the said Lord Bishop for the Time being be a Pa^y to all such Under Leases) to take effect in Possession and not in Reversion or by way of future interest, with Liberty for the Lessee or Lessees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Ashgns, to take down ail or any Part or Parts of the Buildings (landing upon the Premises in

2766 4:8° GEORGII III. Cap. 142.

any such Under Lease or Under Leases to be respectively comprised, anij

to convert and dispoleof the Materials thereof to such Uses and Purposes as shal) be therein mentioned jnd agreed upon, 2nd also to lay out and appropriate any Part of the Premises to be comprised in such Under Lea e or Un-’er Leases as or for a Yard or Yards, Garden or Gardens, to the Mdfuage or Mdfuages which may be built upon the Premises, or as or for a Way or Ways. Passage or railages, for the Use and Convenience ofth, Lefiee or Lessees, or other Tenants or Occupiers of the Premises, or as public Streets, Squares. Paths, and Passager, so as there be contained in such Deinifes or Under Leases respectively Covenants from the respective Less'ees to keep in Repair, or as the Case may require, to complete and keep in Repair the Messuages, Erections, and Buildings which may be erected or which may be agreed to be erected and built on the Premises, or lubflantially (to rebuild and repair the Messuages and Buildings intended to be rebuilt or repaired only, and to keep the Buildings in such Under Leases respectively insured from Damage by Fire to the Amount of Four-fifths of the Value thereof, in some of the public Offices for insuring against Damage by Fire, and to surrender and leave in Repair the fame at the End of the Term or Terms by such Under Leases to be granted, and so as there be contained in such Demises or Under Leases respectively Conditions of Reentry for Non-payment of the Rent to be thereby reserved, or Nonperformance of the Covenants, Provisoes, or Conditions to be therein contained on the Part of the respective Lessees, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, and so as each such Under Lease be respectively approved by the said Lord Bishop of London for the Time being, testified by his executing the fame, and so as the respective Lessees do severally execute Counterparts of their respective Under Leases, and so that One-third Part of the Kent to be reserved upon such Under Leases respectively shall be reserved and made payable to the said Lord Bishop and his Successfors for the Time being, and the remaining Two-third Parts thereof to the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick \Freife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thijilethwayte, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and to the Trustees and Trustee for the Time being to be appointed in the Place or Stead of them or any of them, their or his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and that a Counterpart of every such Under Lease shall be delivered to the said Lord Bishop for the Time being, or to some Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Lord Bishop for the Time being to receive the lame, and that the Sum of Six Shillings and Eight-pence shal] be paid by the said Under-Lessees respectively to such Person or Persons with every Counterpart of such Under Lease so delivered as a Fee for his registering the fame; and that the Certificate in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Lord Bishop for the Time being or of the Person or Persons so appointed by him, that he or they hath or have received such Courterpart, shall be conclusive Evidence of the Delivery of such Counterpart.

Chief Rent. Hi. And whereas the aforesaid Chief Rent of Forty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence, directed to be reserved to the said Lord Bishop of London and his Successors for the Time being by the said First recited Act, in the Lease and renewed Leases granted and to be granted by him or them pursuant to the said Act, is a Charge oil the w hole of ox - the

4-8' GEORGII III. Cap. 142. 2

the Hereditaments and Premises which the said Lord Bishop and his Successors are empowered by the same Act to demise, and is the Occasion of much Embarrafimtfnr and Inconvenience in the granting of such Under Leases as aforesaid; be it therefore enacted, That all the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments comprised in the several Under Leases granted or to be granted in pursuance and exercise of the Powers expressed and contained in the said recited Acts or in this Act, or any of them, shall from henceforth, during the Continuance of all such Under Leases be exonerated and indemnified of and from the Payment of the said Chief Rent or yearly Sum of Forty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight-pence reserved and to be reserved in such Lease and renewed Leases and every Part thereof, and the same are hereby exonerated and indemnified accordingly.

IV. And whereas no Demise or Lease under the Provisions contained Rjpenl in the first recited Act can be made without the Consent in Writing of the said Sir John Morjhead and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, Robert Thijlle-tbivaye and Selina his Wife, under their respective Hands executed in the Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses; which has been found to be attended with great Inconvenience and Expence; be it therefore enacted, That so much of the said first recited Act as is herein-after recited (that is to say) 4 That notwithstanding any Thing ‘ in the said first recited Act contained, it shall not be lawful for the said Thomas Wood, Sir John Frederick, and Arthur Stanhope, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, his Executors or Administrators, or for the succeeding Trustees or Trustee for the Time being to be appointed as aforesaid, to make any Demise or Lease under the Authority of the ‘ said Act during the respective Lives of the said Sir John Morfoead and Dame Elizabeth his Wife, Robert Thifllethwayie and Selina his Wife,

‘ without their respective Consents testified in Writing under their respective Hands, executed in the Prefenc.eof and attested by Two or mere credible Witnesses, be repealed, and the fame is hereby repealed accordingly.

V. And whereas it was in and by the said recited Act of the Forty- Bricks fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty among other Things Ti!ei> enacted. that it might and should be lawful to and for the LeiTees or Lessee for the Time being in the Lease and Leases ‘granted and to be granted by the said Trustees as aforesaid, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, with the Consent and Approbation in Writing under the Hand of the said Beilby Lord Bishop of London and his Successors for the Time being, to contract with any Person or Persons whornsoever willing and desirous to make Bricks or Tiles from the Brick Earth, Clay, Loam, Marl, Sand or other Soil of the said Estate, and with any Commissioner or Commissioners, Trustee or Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors of the Acton, Harrow), and Edgware Roads Trusts, or of any other public Roads, their Agents or Managers, willing to treat for Gravel,

Sand, Ballast, or other Materials, Part of the Soil of the said Estate, for the Sale of all or any such Materials at t he best Price that could be rea-fonably had or gotten for the fame, for the Purpose of making Main Drains, making and gravelling Streets, Square, Lanes, and for paving Streets and erecting Bridge Way for the general Improvement of the said Estate, so as that all such Sum or Sums of Money to be front Time to

37&S 48° GEORGII III. CapA^i.

Time received for any such Brick or Tile Earth, Clay, Gravel, Loam, Marl, Sand, Ballad, and other Materials, be by them the said Lord Bishop of London and his Successors for the Time being, and the Lessees or Lessee for the Time being in the Lease and Leases granted and to be granted by the said Lord Bishop artd his Successors as aforesaid, and the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Lessees or Lessee, after retaining the reout any Sum not exceeding Five hundred Pounds to answer the immediate and necessary Purposes of the Act, paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there c exparte the said Bcilby Lord Bishop of London and his Successors c for the Time being and his Lessees,’ pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the First, Chapter Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward* according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-fourth; and it was further enacted, that out of the Monies to arise by the Sale of the said Premises as aforesaid, all the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the applying for and obtaining and passing the said Act now in Recital, mould in the first Place be paid and satisfied, and the Rest due and Surplus of the Monies to arise by such Sale and Sales of the Premil'es as aforesaid should, under the Order of His Majesty's Court of Chancery, be paid to the said Beilby Lord Bishop of London and his Successors for the Time being, and the fame Lessees or Lessee for the Time being, to be by them applied in paying and discharging the Expences attending the making the said Main Drains, and executing the other Purposes t erein-before mentioned, and in paying and discharging all other reasonaole Colts, Charges, and Expences incident to the Execution of the said Act now in recital or the said first recited Act: And whereas the Monies that have been already raised by the Sale of the said Brick or Tile Earth, Clay, Gravel, Loam, Sand, Baliaft, and other Materials pursuant to the above recited Power, have been found totally inadequate for Payment of the aforesaid Colts, Charge?, and Expences, and for the Purposes of making Main Drains, making and gravelling Streets, Squares, I.anes, and for paving Streets and erecting Bridge-ways for the general Improvement of the said Estate as directed by the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and forasmuch as it is highly expedient, and will tend greatly to the Improvement of the fame Estate, if further and additional Powers were given for carrying into The Ejhteto Execution the Purposes of the same Act: Be it therefore enacted, That e c a.gei, from ant» asser tjje pgflfing of this Act it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Beilby Lord Biff of of London and his Successors for the Time being, and the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treije Morjhead, and Henry Frederick ThiJHeihwayte, and the Survivors and Survivor of them the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife MorJJoead, and Henry Frederick Thi/Uethw&yte, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any succeeding Trustees or Trustee to be appointed as aforesaid, their or his Executors, Admini-llrators, or Assigns, by any Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments in Writing, to be by them sealed and delivered in the Presence of and to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, from Time to Time to subject and charge the Whole or a competent Part of the said Estate; subject without Prejudice to any Under Leases granted or agreed to be granted

to it

Wilt

ton.

Mlttt

W«DSt

»Sin

iKiky

:Cwji & lud

talk

« B [he fiid

lent io S bo? ! e£iiue miles

acery, 3i the . tube ogtbe: eran* fomai? jid

Horn farth, nt to rment ies of aaes, ?rove. Forty-is it is jam!

into

Ik

fiine

erid

iwrs

i Of 01-eats d to ,eto #; i je

48° GEORGII III/ Cap. 142;

granted as aforesaid, and also subje^t and without Prejudice to any Contract or Codtrids entered into or to be entered into for granting any such Under Lease or Under Leases; with the Payment of any Sum or Sums' of Money not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, as appears by the Schedule hereunto annexed, with lawful Interest for the fame from the Time when such Charge or Charges shall be respectively made; and that for the Purpose of facilitating as well the raising as for effectually securing the Repayment of the same Sum or Sums so to be charged with Interest, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Beilby Ibrd Bishop of London, and his Successors for the Time being, and the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Trife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thijtletbwayle, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Mor-/head, and Henry Frederick Thijlleihwayte, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any future Trustees or Trustee to be appointed as aforesaid, their or his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by the fame or any other Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments in Writing, to be by them executed as aforesaid, to make or execute any Alignment or Allignm-nts by way of Mortgage of a competent Part of the said Hereditaments - and Premises so to be charged for all or any Parc of the the.- Estate andintet'eft of the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thifilethwayte, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns therein, to any Person or'Peffons willing to advance such Sum or Sums of Money, or any‘Part or Parts thereof so as that the Effate, Term, and Interest so to be granted by any such Alignment or Alignments, Mortgage or Mortgages, be made redeemable on full Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so to be raised charged and secured, and the "Interest for the same as aftfrdaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Beilby Lord Bishop Annuities, of London and his Successors for the Time being, and the said S r John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thijlicthwayte, or the Survivors or Survivor of them the said Sir John Frederick, Arthiir Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thijllethwayie, his Executors, Administrators, or Aligns, or any succeeding Trustees or Trustee to be appointed as aforesaid, their or his Executors, Administrators or Affrgns, shall think it advi-fable or more advantageous to raise all or any Part of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, by granting Annuities for Lives instead of Mortgage as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered by any Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments, in Writing, to be by them sealed and delivered in the Presence of and atrested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to grant an Annuity or Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall advance and pay to them the said Beilby Lord Bishop of London, or his Successors for the Time being, and the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thijlletbwayte, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any succeeding Trustees or Trusteb to be appointed as aforesaid, tfteir or his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, any Sum or Sums of Money as to them shall Lem right for the Ilk. V Perl] £ 31 C absoluts

2J70 48* GEORGII III. Cap. 142-

absolute Parchafe of any Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable during the natural Life of every such Contributor or the natural Life of such Person as shall be nominated by and on the Behalf of such Contributor at the Time of the Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchase Money, so that no such Annuity do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds per Centum per Annum upon a fmgle Life, except in such Cases where the Person for whose Life any Annuity shall be paid be of the Age of Fifty Years or upwards, and to subject and charge the Whole or a competent Part of the said Ellate; subject nevertheless and without Prejudice as aforesaid with the Payment of such Annuity or Annuities accordingly, in such Manner as they shall deem proper or expedient.

Jteferved

VII. And whereas some Doubts have been entertained whether so

Renr. much of the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty as declares 6 That the yearly Rent to be referred on any such Lease, if it be greater than an equal Proportion of the original Rent agreed to be reserved for the whole of the Land or Ground com- prised in the Contract or Agreement, do not exceed One-seventh Part of the clear yearly Rack Rent or Value of the Land and Buildings to be by such Lease demised,c intends that the reserved Rent shall not exceed One-seventh Part of the clear yearly Rack Rent of the Premises at the Time of the Execution of the Lease when the Houses or Buildings are merely in the Shell or Carcase, or at the Time when they are fit for Habitation; in order therefore to remove such Doubts, be it enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as requires that the reserved Rent shall not exceed One-seventh Part of the clear yearly Rack Rent or Value of the Lands and Buildings to be by such Lease demised, shall be taken and considered to mean at the Time when the Houses or Buildings shall be fit for Habitation.

Tht Ctnduit.

VIII. And whereas there is a Conduit upon the said Ellate belonging to the Corporation of London situate near Bayfwater, and the Pipes or Drain therefrom and the Tanks or Wells connected therewith for Applying the City and certain Parts of London with Water run through the lame Ellate diagonally, so as to intercept the carrying on such building Improvements upon any eligible Plan; it would therefore be highly defi-rable if the said Beilby LordBilhop of London, and his Successors for the Time being, and the said Trustees or Trustee for the Time being as aforesaid were empowered to treat with and give such Indemnification as the Corporation of the City of London may require for the removal or varying the Line of such Pipes or Drain and the Tanks or Wells connected therewith, be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Beilby Lord Bishop of London and his Successors for the Time being, and the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Freife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Fhist let hiuayte, and the Survivors and Survivor of them the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thistlethwayte, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any succeeding Trustees or Trustee to be appointed as aforesaid, their or his Executors, Adminifliators, or Assigns, and they and he are hereby authorized and empowered to treat 2 and

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 142. 2771

and agree with the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the said City of London for the Time being, and their Successors, for the Removal or varying the Line or Course of the said Pipes or Drain and the Tanks or Wells connected therewith, and also by and out of the Monies to be raffed pursuant to the Powers herein-after contained, to make Satisfaction and Compensation to the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London for the Time being, and their Successors, for all Damages which may be sustained by them on any Part of the new Course of Pipes or Drain, Tanks or Wells intended to be made by the varying or removal of the said present Pipes or Drain and the said Tanks or Wells i Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said Beilby Lord Bishop of London, and his Successors for the Time being, and the said Sir John Frederick,

Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thijlle-thwayte, and the Survivors or Survivor of them, his Executors, Admini-ltrators, or Assigns, to make such Removal or Variation beyond the Lands and Premises comprised in this or any of the said recited Acts; so as no Removal or Variation of the Line or Course be made within One hundred Yards of the Bayfwater Stream, or within the Park called Hyde Park, or within Kerfington Gardens.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Mayor and Common- s vingto the alty and Citizens of the City of London for the Time being, and their ^London? Successors and Assigns, shall have, use, and enjoy such and the like

Ingress, Egress, and Regress upon, out of, and to the Premises where the said new Course of Pipes or Drain and Tanks or Wells are erected and laid, or intended to be ereCled and laid, to view and fee the State and Condition thereof, and to amend, repair, and remove the fame, and co do all such other Acts, Matters, and Things necessary and needful for that Purpose, as they now have, use, and enjoy, upon and over the Premises where the present Pipes or Drain ai d Tanks or Wells are erected and laid.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein Drain*, contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize the making or forming any new Drain or Drains, Tunnel or Tunnels, except for the conveying and receiving the Water from the Conduit

as aforesaid, which shall or may run into the Park called Hyde Park or Kensington Gardens, or into any Drain or Drains or Tunnel or Tunnels running into or communicating with the fame Places, or either of them.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act Commisslon-contained shall extend or be deemed or construed to extend to pre- erscf Sewers, judice, diminish, alter, or take away any of the Rights, Powers, or Authorities vested in the Commissioners of Sewers for the City and Liberty of kPeJiminster, and Part of the County of Middlesex \ but all the

Rights, Powers, and Authorities vested in them shall be as good, valid, and effectual, as if this Act had not been made.

277 2

E*T*nce in Removal of Ppes and Drains.

Sceuiity for

advancing

Money.

48° GEORGII III. Cap ^2.

XII. Anti whereas trie Removal of the said Pipes or Drain and th® Tanks . 1 Wells cornered therewith will be attended with a considerable 3L 1 ’ ,ce . be it therefore enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Eeilby Lord Bishop of London, and his Successors for the Time being, and the said 'ir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, Henry Frederick Thistlethwayte, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thistlethwayte, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any succeeding Trustees or Trustee to be appointed as aforesaid, their or his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by any Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Infir aments in Writing, to be by them sealed and delivered in the Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to subje&and charge the Whole or a competent Part of the said Estate (lub-je£l and without Prejudice) with the Payment cf any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the Sum of Two thoqfand Pounds, as appears by the Schedule hereunto annexed, with lawful Interest for the fame from the Time when such Charge or Charges shall be respecti ely made; and that for the Purpose of facilitating as well the raising as for effectually securing the Payment of the same Sum or Sums so to be charged with Interest, it if all and may be lawful to and for the said Beilby i ord Bishop of London, and his Successors for' the Time being, and the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treije Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thistlethwayte, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thistlethwayte, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any fu ure Trustees or Trustee to be appointed as aforesaid, their or his I xecutors, Administrators, or Assigns, by the fame or any other Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments in Writing, to be by them executed as aforesaid, to make or execute any Alignment or Alignments by way of Mortgage of a competent Part of the said Hereditaments and Premises so to be charged for all or any Part of the then Eftace and Interests of the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Mo fheaJ, and Henry Frederick Thistlethwayte, or the Survivors or Survivor of them, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns therein, to a,ny Person or Persons willing to advance fuc.h Sum 01 Sums of Money, or any Part or Parts thereof, so as that the Estate, Term, andlnterest, so to be granted by any such Alignment or Alignments, Mortgage or Mortgages, be made redeemable on full Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so to be raised, charged and feeureck and the Interest for the same as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted That if the said Beilby Lord Bishop of London, and his Successors for the Time being, and the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thistlethwayte, or the Survivors or Survivor of them the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thistlethwayte, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any luccetding Trustees or Trustee to be appointed as aforesaid their or his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall think it advisable or more advantage-ms to raise ail or any Part of the said Sum of Two thousand Pounds by

granting

48° GEORGII ill. Cap. 14.2. *773

granting Annuities for Lives instead of Mortgage ns aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered by any Deed or Deeds, Instrument or Instruments in Writing, to be by them sealed and delivered in the Presence of and attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, to grant an Annuity of Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall advance and pay to them the said Beilby Lord Bishop of London, and his Successors for the Time being, and the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick ThiJlhtBwayte, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any succeeding Trustees or Trustee to be appointed as aforesaid, their or his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, any Sum or Sums ol Money as to them shall seem meet, for the absolute Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable during the natural Life of every such Contributor, or thenatural Life of such Person as shall be nominated by and on the Behalf of such Contributor at the Time of Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchase Money, so that no such Annuity do exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds/»fr Centum per Annum upon a Angle Life, except in such Cases where the Person for whose Life any Annuity shall be paid be of the Age of Fifty Years or upwards; and to subj^ft and charge the Whole or a competent Part of the said Estate (subject nevertheless and without Prejudice as aforesaid) with the Payment of such Annuity or Annuities accordingly, in such Manner as they shall deem proper or expedient.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That DischargM. the Receipt and Receipts of the said Beilby Lord Bishop of London, or his Successors for the Time being, or of the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thijlletbiuayte,

or of the Survivors or Survivor of them, the said Sir John Frederick,

Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thijile« thveayte his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any succeeding Trustees or Trustee to be appointed as aforesaid, their or his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, under their or h:s Hands or Hand shall be a good and sufficient Discharge and Discharges to all and every Person and Persons for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be raised and advanced, charged and secured by virtue of the Powers herein-beforegiven and granted as aforesaid.

XV. And be it further enacted and declared, That the said Beilby Application Lord Bishop of London, and his Successors for the Time being, and the tiS Molu* said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and

Henry Frederick Thistlethwayte, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead and Henry Frederick Thijllethwayte, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or any succeeding Trustees or Trustee to be appointed as aforesaid, their or his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall pay, apply and dispose of the said Sum or Sums of Money so to be raised and charged by virtue of this Act as aforesaid in completely carrying into Effe<ft the said several Purposes herein-before expressed and contained, in such Manner as to them shall seem proper and expedient.

*774 48° GEORG Ii III. Cap. 142.

of UrfJrme?rt 'And be it farther enabled. That so much of the said recited Act

Act repealed, of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty as is hereinafter recited (that is to say) 4 that a Memorial of every such Lease and also of every Contract or Agreement to be made by virtue and in ‘ pursuance of this Act as aforesaid, shall within Two Calendar Months f after the Day of the Date thereof respectively be registered at the public \ Office, and in the Manner and Form appointed and prescribed by the Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne for the registering Deeds and Conveyances affecting Lands in the County of Middlefsxy and that every such Memorial shall contain a full De- feription of the Lands and Hereditaments comprised in the Lease, Con- trad, or Agreement therein mentioned or referred to, and shall specify the Term of Years in and by such Lease, Contract, or Agreement,

demised or agreed to be demised, and the Yearly Rent or Rents thereby reserved or agreed to be reftrved,’ be repealed, and the fame is hereby repealed accordingly.

Memorial of

XVII. And whereas the aforesaid Period of Two Months hath been found Ltaus. to be too short; be it therefore enacted, That in lieu of so much of the said recited Act respecting the granting a Memorial of every such Lease, Contract, or Agreement as is hereby repealed as aforesaid, that a Memorial of every such Building Lease and also of every Building Contract or Agreement to be made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, or the said recited Acts, or any of them as aforesaid, shall within Six Calendar Months after the Day of the Date thereof respectively be registered at the Public Office, and in the Manner and Form appointed and prescribed by the Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, for the registering of Deeds and Conveyances affecting Lands in the County of Middlesex> and that every such Memorial shall contain a full Description of the Land and Hereditaments comprised in such Lease, Contract or Agreement therein mentioned or referred to, and shall specify the Term of Years in and by such Lease, Contract or Agreement demised or agreed to be demised, and the Yearly Rent or Rents thereby reserved or agreed to be reserved.

Under Lease?; XVIII. Whereas in pursuance of the Provisiona of the said recited Acts of the Forty-fourth and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, diveTs Agreements for Under Leases have been entered into, and it may be expedient that the Under Leases to be made pursuant to the said Agreements, should be made conformable to the Provisions in this Act contained; be ir therefore enacted, That all and every Under Lease and Under Leases, which shall or may be granted pursuant to such Agreements, shall ana may (in case the Parties to such Under Lease or Under Leases shall deem it expedient and shall be assenting the reto) be made agreeable and conformable to the Provisions in thig Ad contained for granting Under Leases; any Thing herein or in the said recited Acts or in the said Agreements to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Vai'dity of

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said former'Sts. recited Acts, and all and every the Powers, Rules, Conditions, Arti- cles.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 1^2. 3775

cles, Matters and Things whatsoever therein contained (save and except such Parts of the same as are otherwise altered or repealed) shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be in full Force and Effect, and shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if the liune had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

XX. And whereas the aforesaid Sir John Morjhead is now absent from provldingfor and out of this Kingdom, and rellrained from returning to the fame by

His Majesty's Enemies; be it therefore further enacted, That none of kof

the Powers, Provisions, or Clauses herein-before contained, so far as the fame authorize any Monies or Annuities to be raised or charged on the °1,hend*

said F.states or any Part thereof, shall take place or be of any Force or

Effect during the Life of him the said Sir John Morjhead without his Con-

sent testified by Writing under his Hand, and attelled by Two or more

credible Witnesses, and such Writing shall be enrolled in the High

Court of Chancery within Two Years from the Day of the Date thereof;

and such Consent may be given or expressed in the Form or to the Effect

following; (videlicet) I Sir John Morjhead do hereby consent to the Pro-

‘ vilions of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His most Excellent Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for altering and enlarging the Powers ofjeveral Acts passed in the Thirty fifth, Forty-fourth, and Forty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for enabling the Lord Bishop of London tog* ant a Lease

with Powers of Renewal of Lands in the Parish of Paddington in the County 4 c/'Middlesex for the Purpose of building upon, so far as such Provisions affector concern me or any Person or Persons claiming from or under me.

Given under my Hand this Day of One thousand eight hundred and

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein- Eat rot to

before contained shall extend to prevent all or any of the aforesaid Powers, rest ai" *!V Provisions, or Clauses hereby granted from taking Effectand being carried the

inro Execution upon and immediately after the Death of the said Sir John Pr:’vif'yn of Morfhead, notwithstanding he the said Sir John Morjhead shall die without tliiS giving such Consent as aforesaid, or having given such Consent the fame

shall not be enrolled within the Time aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Cods, Charges, and Ex- Omge, and pences, incident to and attending the applying for and obtaining and ^XT°f passing this Act, and' also all such Monies as now remain unfatislied of the said Two last-redted Acts, and also the Colls, Charges, and Expences, in and about the railing of the said several Sums of Money or any Part or Parts thereof hereby directed to be raised as aforesaid, and the Application and Payment thereof or in anywise relating thereto, shall in the Hr ft Place be retained out of the Monies arisen or to arise by the Sale of the Premises authorized to be sold by the said recited Act of the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

*77 6

Other Part of former Act repsaled.

Trustees only

aS«.own

Powers ei former Acts and this Act by whom to be sxcrciled.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 142.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act of the Forty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as is hereafter recited (that is to say) 6 That a Statement or Recital in any such Demise or Lease of his the said Sir John Morjhead's being at the Time of making thereof absent from this Kingdom, and restrained as

aforesaid from returning to the fame, signified by the said Dame Elizabeth Morjhead, or in case of her Death the said Frederick Treife Morjhtad her eldest Son, or his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, 1 being a Party or Parties, to such respective Demises or Leases, shall be sufficient Evidence of such Absence of him the said Sir John MorJheadJ be repealed, and the fame is hereby repealed accordingly.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That the said Beilby Lord Bishop of London and his Successors for the Time being, and the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thijllethivayte, or any succeeding Trustee or Trustees to be appointed a'* aforesaid, shall not nor shall any or either of them, or the Heirs, Executors, or Administrators of any or either of them, be answerable or accountable for any Monies to be received by virtue of and under the Powers and Authorities hereby given and granted, any otherwise than each Person for such Sum or Sums of Money as he or they shall respectively actually receive, and that One of them shall not be answerable or accountable for the Acts, Receipts, Neglects or Defaults, of the other of them, but each of them only for his or their own Acts, Receipts, Neglects, or Defaults, nor shall they or any of them be answerable for any Loss or Damage which may happen in the Execution of any of the aforesaid Powers and Authorities hereby given and granted or in relation thereto, unless the same shall happen by or through their or his own wilful Defaults or Neglects respectively.

XXV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers and Authorities given by the said recited Acts or any of them and not repealed by this or any former Act, or given by this Act, shall or may be exercised by the Assignee or Assigns of them the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope> Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thijllethivayte, or of the Survivors of them for the Time being, or by the Assignee or Assignees of the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being, notwithstanding such Powers and Authorities ate expressed to be given to the Assigns of the Survivor of them, the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick This-tlethwayte, or of the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being; and that for all the Purposes of the Powers and Authorities given by this Act, or by the said recited Acts or any of them, the Lessee or Lessees to be named in any new Lease to be granted from Time to Time by the said Bishop or his Successors for the Time being, to the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thijllethivayte their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or their Nominee or Nominees in pursuance or in consequence of the Powers and Directions of the said first mentioned Act, and the Executors, Administrators, and Assigns,-©f such Lessee or Lessees, shall be and shall be deemed the Assignee or

1 Assigns

3777

"till

*> 6t

Djac

fafi *pt, *11 be

M'

dual, Hk *kt

(eiiaj *7M fillet «i by Bled, beet «t be lull!, Act, itw. si ay st in r til

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 142.

Assigns of the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treije Morjhead, and Henry Frederick Thistlethwayte.

XXVI. Saving always to the King's most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General Sav-and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies ,ns*

Politic and Corporate, his and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the said Bcilby Lord Bishop of London,

and his Successors Bishops of London for the Time being, and the said Sir John Frederick, Arthur Stanhope, Frederick Treife Morjhead, Henry Frederick ThiJllethwayte, Sir John MorJJjead, Dame Elizabeth Morjhead,

Selina Thistlethwayte, the said Earl of Chesterfeld, Alexander Thidle-thwayte, William Strong, and Thomas Thistlethwayte, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and all other Person or Persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim any Estate or Interest in the said Prernifes so to be demised as aforesaid, under or by virtue of the Lid Indentures of the Fifth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and eighty-two, and Fourth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, or either of them) all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Benefit, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, upon or out of the said Hereditaments and Prernifes so to be demised as aforesaid, every or any Part or Parcel thereof, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, and enjoyed in case this Act, had not been made.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s mo ft Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof lo printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

[all ' of % Sir 0}

me

be

(I,

or

in

bit

nr

it

[Loc. Per.]

SCHEDULE

2778

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 142.

SCHEDULE to which the Act refers

ESTIMATE of the Expence of building a main Drain or Sewer for carrying off the Water from the Elf ate, being at leail 5,300 ^eet in Length, Four Feet dear Breadth, with digging for the fame, Part to a great Depth, securing the Ground on the Sides, and including the Expence of making good in sundry Parts over the fame, will amount to - £10,064 -

Videlicet: —5,300 Feet of Brick Sewer and digging at £.27 6s. - 7,287 10

700 Feet Part thereof being

very near Buildings and under Public Roads, extra- 700

1000 Feet other Part thereof requiring extra Works at 1 or 500

For levelling and forming the Surface 662 10 —

For sundry contingent Expences 914

£.10,064-----

ESTIMATE of the Expence of moving the Pipes or Drains from the Conduit at Bayfuoater, and the Tanks or Wells connected therewith, being 1,750 Feet in Length, with Five Wells therein, will amount to the Sum of - - £.2,000-----

Videlicet:—1,750 Feet in Length, 2 Feet 6 Inches Diameter, wrought incement,including very deepcutting, and securing the Groundand

making good the fame - 1,750-----

Five Wells wrought in Cement 100-----

For preparing Accesses to the fame Wells - - - 150 -

£.2,000 —

S. P* Cockerell.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII m. REGIS.

Cap. 143.

An Act for vesting in Trustees the Personal Estate of the Reverend Richard Daniel-, Master of Arts in , [j, the University of Dublin, and making them a Corpo-

ewith, ration, for the Purposes of carrying into Effect the

charitable Designs and Intentions of the Will of the ___ said Richard Daniel.

[25th June 1808.]

WHEREAS the Rtv.rend Richard Daniel, late of the City of Bath, Master of Arts, being poflfefied of and entitled unto a considerable Personal Estate, duly made and published his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the Twentieth Day of May, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, in the Words and Figures, or to the Effect following; (that is to say,) " In fhc " Name of GOD, Amen: I the Reverend Richard Daniel A.M. in the " University of Dublin, and a Native of Ireland, but for many Years a " Resident in the City of Bath, Sctnerfetshire, England, with humble Gratitude to Heaven for every Bltflingdispensed unto me, and in particular for " the Continuance of a found dispofingMind, Memory,and Undtrstanding, " do this Twentieth Day of May, in the Year of cur Lord One thousand " seven hundred and ninety-four, publish and declare this my last Will " and Testament in Manner and Form following: First, I commend my " Soul into the Hands of my merciful Creator, hoping for the Remiftion " of all my Sins by the Merits and Mediation of my Saviour Jesus thrift, s [Lee. Cd Rcr.] 31 F "and

The Will of Richard Darnel A.M, rt cited.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 143.

Ci and desire to be privately bill decently buried, either in the P^r. Hi Church ‘‘ of Hampton or of Walcot, except that mv Deceale shouLl happen at a ‘‘ remote DifUnce hovA'Bettb, atffftfc thStCafe, in the Church belonging tfi to the PaJiS whfre 1 die £but not in London or its Neighbourtiooti); and I give trnrt) the Minister and Churchwardens of loch Pa ilh Jive Pounqs Sterling for the Use of the Poor: I give ants tiequeady unto Robert Cornwall Esquire, Attorney in the Courts of Dublin, the Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling \Irish Money), by which Standard I 44 will that all my Bequests to Ireland, both Public and Private, be regu-‘‘ lated, in token of my sincere Elleem for his faithful Management of " my Property in that Kingdom, which I trull will save to my Executors " much Trouble in calling in and collecting the several Securities which 1 " have there, in order that the Money so-collected may be applied by my Trustees to the Purposes which I shall direct: I give and bequeath unto my Kinsman George Daniel, Fiifl Lieutenant in the Regiment of Cara* 44 bineers, the Sum of Four hundred Pounds Sterling; but my Will is, that this Legacy be not paid unto him until my Executors shall receive " the Sum of Eleven hundred Pounds lawful Money ot Great Britain, which, together with the interest that shall appear due to me alter a

44 Deduction of my Quota for the Expence of Suit, has been above tf Two Years ago decreed to me in the English Court of Rolls, out of

45 such Part of the Property of my Unde the late Reverend Robert Chap-4f man, Vicar of Ravenstone, Bucks, as by an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty George the Second cannot be devised to charitable Uses: I give and bequeath unto Margaret Lewis, 44 if Ihe remains in my Service at the Time of my Death, the Sum ot Thirty Guineas, together with my Kitchen Fu niture, Wearing Apparel, and my coarser Linen; the finer Part of my Linen, together wuh three Counterpanes, I bequeath, (if worthy of her Acceptance) to Mijlre/s 44 Fletcher of the Cir<;lis, and I bequeath unto herHuiband my GoldWatch, with the Chain and Seals; rnytfmall Library of Books I desire to be pri-4i vatelyfojd and the Money thence arising to be ditlribute'd by the Rector of ifalAamongst those whom he shall judge the fittest Objects of Rdiei* 44 I allb give and bequeath to the Redors of Bath a4rd Walcot for the Time being the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling Rngljh Currency in Trull for 44; the Uses of the Bath Dispensary and the School of Ihduftry, to be di- vided in equal Shares between them; and as to all the Rest, Residue, and Remainder of all my Real and Personal Estate, of all my Worldly Substance, Goods, ChattelSjAfiets and Effects of whichl shall fodieiVized and possessed of, or in any wise entitled unto, after Payment of my aforesaid Legacies, Funeral Expences, and just Debts, I give, devise, " and bequeath the same to the Right Honourable John Lord Viscounc FitzGibbon, Lord High Chancellor of Ireland, the Moll Reverend his Grace Robert Archbishop of Dublin in the said Kingdom of Ireland, and their Successors for the Time being, and to the Right Honourable cC Arthur Wolfe, His Majesty's Attorney-General in the said Kingdom,

46 and to his Executors and Administrators, and the Survivor of them, to and upon the several Uses, Trulls, Intent?, and Purposes herein-after mcn- tioned and exprdfed concerning the same, and to and upon no other Use, Trust, Intenr, or Purpose whatsoever (that is to say), upon Trull " to place out such Parts of my Fortune as shall not be at fnterest at the Time of my Death upon some Public o.r Private Securities, in their " o^n Names, without Risque to themselves, and the Interest thereof, as

6 44 well

48° GEORGII III. Vdp. 143;

r* well as the Interest of such Parts of my said Fortune as are now laid otic " in the said Kingdom of Ireland, upon Interest, from Time to Time to apply and dispose of in Manner following: namely, The Interest of the " Sum of Five hundred Pounds Sterling to be annually paid to the Mi-tl nifter and Churchwardens of the Parish of Luke lot the Time beings in the City of Dublin, to be by them applied towards the Relief of such poor indigent Inhabitants of the said Parish as shall or may appear to them as fit and proper Obie&s of Charity; provided that the said Mi- nilter and Churchwardens shall well and faithfully account annually for the true Expendituje of the said Year’s Interest to my said Trustees and their Successors, before they shall be entitled to receive a Second Year’s Interest on the fame: And further I give, devise, and beqbeatH 44 unto my Trustees and their Successors, upon Trust to pay and apply u annually the Interest of Five hundred Pounds, Part of my said Residue, to the Trustees of the Hospital for Incurables in the City of " Dublin, to be applied by them towards the Support of the said Hospital tl and the Maintenance of the Patients therein, under the like Reftrrdtions as respect my Bequest to the indigent Inhabitants of the Parish of SL " Luke: And further also, upon Trust and under the above recited Limi- rations to pay and apply annually the Interest of Two hundred Pounds *4 Sterling to the Use of the Dublin General Dispensary: And further also, ,c upon Trust to pay and annually apply the Interest of One other " Sum of Five hundred PonndJ Sterling to the Governors for the Time being of the Hospital within the City of Dublin for

" the Relief of Poor lying-in Women; and Irkewife upon fruft:

4i to pay annually to the Governors of Mercer's Hospital, in the said City of Dublin, the Interest of Four hundred Pounds Sterling, and " to apply it to the more comfortable Support of the poor Sitk coh- tained in it; the Expenditure of which is in like Manner, as in every other Donation, to be accounted for on Demand to my Trustees and

44 their Successors. I also give, devise, and bequeath unto my Trustees,

44 and their Successors, upon Trust, the Interest of Eight hundred Pounds Sterling, for ever, to be by them annually applied in aid of the Main- tenance of Four Protestant Clergymen’s Widows of the Establnhed u Religion, in any Diocese of the Kingdom of Ireland, whose religious Chatadfers, and Distreffes on account of large Families, left unpto- vided for through the scanty Incomes of their Husbands, shall be cerii-46 fied by the Bishop of the Diocese in which they dwell: And I will that of due Notice be given to such Bishop, by the Minister and Chuchwardens of the precise Time of the Decease of any of them, that the Number of Four Annuitants may be regularly kept up: And though I w.ll 44 that in the Appointment of an Annuity the Preference be shewn to a 44 Widow incumbered with a Family, yet I do not mean that a Widow, even without this Incumbrance, should be totally excluded, if equa.ly 44 needy and more destitute of Friends: And I do hereby will and ^.nedt, that if any Redundancy or Residue of my Fortune herein-before be- qiieathed in Legacies, English Charities, or in Trust to my Trustees in Irelandf shall remain after the Sums bequeathed as above, tint the lame shall be applied by my said Irijk Trustees to the particular and per- petual Augmentation of the Fund devised as before-mentioned for the better Support of the poor Widows and Children of Protestant Clergy.* 44 men of the Established Religion in Ireland, and to and among ,u ti other public Charities in the City of Dublin or elsewhere within the la'd

Kingdom

4784 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 143.

*e Kingdom of Ireknd> as- to my. said Trustees and their Succefiers fhafi " seem mod deserving of the fame: I nominate constitute and appoint Sir Franeis Iiutchinfon Baronet, and his Brother the Reverend James <c Hutchinson, and the Survivor of them, or the Executors or Admin’strators or Assigns of such Survivor, Executors of this my said lad " Will and Testament: And I bequeath unto each Bio her, for his " "frouble, the Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling of bish Currency, and whatever Plate I may die seized and possessed of, to be equally " divided between them; and hereby revoking all fort* er and other " Will or Wills by meat any Time or Times heretofore made or spoken* *‘ ,1 declare this and nene other as and for my last Will and Tell;ament: In Witness whereof I have hereunto ftt my Hand and Sjal this Twentieth Day of May One thouLnd seven hundred and ninety-fmr, Richard Daniel (L.S.J"—"Signed, sealed, published and declared by c« the said Testator, as and for his last Will and Ttftament in the Presence of Us, who at his Request, have subscribed our Names " as Witnesses hereunto John Monck, of the Crcfcer.t, Bath y " Robert Stennet Watchmaker, Sacvilie Row, BathWilliam Sir cud Wine Merchant, New Rooms, Bath:*’ And the said Richard Dun.el afterwards duly made and published a Codicd in Writing to hb said Wiif* bearing Date the Eighteenth Day of March in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-five, in the Words and Figures, or to the Recites the Effect following; th it is to say, " I Richard Daniel of the City of Utb; Codicil to the Clerk, do make this a Codicil to my last Will and Teltament, bearing 1 c‘ Date on or about the Twentieth Day of May now last past; that i to say,

<e I give and bequeath to Mary Perryman of the City of RoJteJler, Spinfte , «< and her Assigns. the Annuity or yearly Sum of Fifteen Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, for and during the Term of her natural " Life, to be paid by my personal Representatives for the Time being " unto her the said Mary Perryman and her Assigns, during her Life, by " equal Half-yearly Payments, on the Twenty-fifth Day of June and " the Twenty-fifth Day of December, in every Year, without any De-« duction or Abatement whatsoever; the First Payment thereof to begin " and be made on such of those Days as should first happen after my Decease, and which said Annuity or yearly Sum I give to her in confideiation of her long and faithful Service to my late Aunt Mrs. Mary Chapman late of Rochester aforesaid deceased; and I do hereby confirm my " said Will in all other Respefls, and declare that this Codicil shall " be taken and considered as Part thereof; and I do hereby pubi.fii and " declare these Presents as and for a Codicil to my said Will this Eigh- teenth Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven " hundred and ninety-five. Richard DarJel (L. S.)" " Signed, sealed,

published, and declare: by the said Richard Daniel as and for a Codicil to his Will, in the Presence of us Henry Derbatn, William Stroud Daniei W^e:eas r^e Richard Daniel departed this Life on or abor t

died ijrhaja- the Thirteenth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nuary 1796. fix, without having altered or revoked the said Will, other than and ew-w^nghu" cept by the said Codicil, and without having altered or revoked the la d Will or codi- Codicil; and the said Sir Francis Hutchinson and James Huichinfon, the Frauds Hut- fixecutors named in the said Will, duly proved the said Will and Codicil chimin a> d in the Prerogative Court of Canterbury in England, and also in His Ma-chm^nprovetT ie^y’s Court Prerogative in Ireland j and they paid off and latbfied all the tame. the pecuniary and specific Legacies in the said Will and Codicil mentioned and

48° GEORGII lit. Cap. i^.

Ind bequeathed to the several Persons entitled to receive the same; And whereas the Governors of Mercers Hospital in the City of Dublin, oh br about the Fifth Dav of April in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, filed their Bill in His Majesty's High Court of 'Chancery in Ireland against che said Sir Francis Hutchinson, James Hut chinson, Jtbn Earl of Clare, Robert Lord Archbishop of Dublin, and thfc Right Honourable Arthur Wolfe, in the said W ill named, who, after the Death of the said Richard Daniel was created a Peer of Ireland, by the Title of Baron Kilwarden, and Viscount Kilwarden, and others, praying that Accounts might be taken, &nd that the Trusts of the Will of the said Richard Daniel might be carried into Execution, and several Proceedings were had in the said Cause, and Accounts taken, and on or about the Sixth Day of December in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-nine, a final Decree was pronounced in the said Cause, whereby it was ordered and decfeed, that the Trusts of the Will of the said R chard Daniel should be carried into Execution, and that the Defendants the said Sir Francis Hutchinson and James Hutchinfin, the Executors of the said Richard Daniel, should forthwith pay over and assign to the Defendants the said John Earl of Clare, Robert Lord Archbishop of Dublin, and Arthur Lord Kilwarden, the Trilftees named in the Will of the said Richard Daniel, the Sum of Nine thousand six hundred and tfrenty-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Nine-pence Halfpenny, and all Security and Securities for the lame, being the Balance of the Affcts of the said Richard Daniel, in the Hands, Knowledge, or Power of the Defendants, the said Sir Francis Hutchinson and James Hutchinson. as Executors of the said Richard Daniel, to be applied purluanc to the Trusts of the W 11 of the said Richard Daniel: And whereas by Indenture bearing Date on or about the Twenty-eighth Day of February in t e Year OnethOufartd eight hundred and one, made Or mentioned to be made between the said Sir FrancisHutchinfdn and James Hutchinson, Ex-curors of the Lft Will and Testament of the said Richard Daniel of the One Part, and the said John Earl of Clare, Robert Lord Archbishop bf Dublin, and the said Arthur Lord Kilwarden of the other Part, they the said Sir Francis Hutchinson and James Hutchinson, for the Considerations therein mentioned, and in pursuance of and obedience to the said Decree, did grant, bargain, f II, assign, transfer, and make over Unto the said John Earl of Clare, Robert Lord Archbifhdp of Dublin, and Arthur Lord Kilwarden, their Executors^ Administrators, and Assigns, the said Sum of Nine thousand six hundred and twenty-seven Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Nine-pence Halfpenny, reported in and by the said Decree to be the Balance of the Afiets of the said Richard Daniel remaining in the Hands, Knowledge* or Power of the said Sir Francis Hutchinson and James Hutchinson, as Executors of the said Richard Daniel, and all Security and Securities for the fame, and every or any Part thereof, to have and to hold the fame unto the said John Earl of Clare, Robert Lord Archbishop of Dublin, arid Arthur Lord Kilwarden, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, in Trust, to be applied pursuant to the Trusts of the Will of the said Richard Daniel, and pursuant to the Directions of the said Decree: And whereas the said John Earl of Clare, Robert Lord Archbishop of Dublin, and Arthur Loro Kilwarden, the Trustees named in the Will of the said Richard Daniel, are all dead; and the said Arthur Lord Kilwar den survived the said John Earl of Clare and Robert Lord Archbishop of Dublin; and the Right Honourable William Downes Lord Chief Justice of His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench in Ireland, and Robert French, of [Loc, Cs* Per. j 13 G Kildare

*785

Bill in Chancery was filed by the Governors of Mercers Hospital against Sir Fr*r.ci8 Hut-

Decree made thereof.

Indenture of 18th betruary

1801 recitedi

1786 48‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 143.

:Kildare-Street, in the City of Dublin, Esquire, are the Executors of the

Fr*ncis°HSir Arthur Lord Kilwa>den: And whereas Sir Francis Hcutbinfon One chulfon. Ut of the Executors of the said Richard Daniel lately departed this Life, and the fame James Hutchinson is the surviving Executor of the said Richard Persona^the &an*l: And whereas the Personal Estate and Property of the said Richard Estate of Ri- Daniel consists of Money laid out in the English Funds, and of Money cha,<t Darnel lodgrd in the Bank of Ireland, and Debts that were due to him at the Time Pow'rs veftfd Death: And whereas it is apprehended that the Powers veiled or in*

by the vvni are tended to be relied by the Will of the said Richard Daniel in the Trustees ?xth fkientIy namec* therein are not sufficiently explicit or effectual to carry intoEffcflthe «fle 'uai.or charitable Designs and Intentions of the said Richard Daniel; and the said James Hutchinson the surviving Executor of the Will of the said Richard Daniel, and the said William Downes and Robert French, the Executors of the Will of the said Arthur Lord Kilwarden, who was the surviving Trustee named in the Will of the said Richard Daniel, arc desirous and have consented that Trustees shall be appointed by Act of Parliament effectually to answer the Charitable Intentions of the said Richard Daniel, and thar his Personal Estate and Fortune, devised by his Will to the Trustees therein named, shall be veiled in Trustees as a Body Corporate, upon the fame Trulls, and for the like Intents and Purposes, and under the same Rules and Directions of the said Will of the said Richard Daniel: And whereas it is expedient that such Trustees should be To ap-TruXe? should P°^ntec* for Purposes aforesaid, and that the Lord High Chancellor be appomred for the Time being, or Lord Keeper for the Time being of Ireland, the fheTni{t*"ff ^ Reverend Patherin God the Archbishop or Dublin for the Time the will into bring, and the Lord Chief Justice of His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench Effect. in Ireland for the Time being, should be Trustees for the Purpose of carrying the Trulls of such Will into Effect: Therefore, at the humble Request of the said James Hutchinson, William Downes, and Robert French t be ir en.icled by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this p re Cent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Manners, Lord High Chancellor lor^nrehud* ' Ireland, whilst Lord High Chancellor of Ireland, and his Successors for Lord Arch- ’ the Time being Lords Chancellors or Lords Keepers for the Time be. bifluip of ing of the Great Seal for the i ime being of Ireland, his Grace Charles Lord c’hhf Earl of Normanton, Lord Archbishop of Dublin, whillt Lord Archbishop Tjutice' f rhr oi Dublin, and his Successors for the Time being. Lords Archbishops of jnTreiaiKiC Cmi Dublin for the Time being, and the Right Honourable William Downes, their Succcf. Lord Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench in Ireland, whilst Lord Corporation Chief Justice of the Court of King’s Bench in Ireland, and his Succelfoi* forever,f r for the Time being Lords Chief Justices of the Court of King’s Bench of the Truits of *n ^re’an^ ^or £he Time being, shall be a Corporation for ever for the the Will. Execution of the Trulls of the said Will of the said Richard Daniel, and

to answer the Purposes in the said Will contained, and shall be called and known by the Name of " The Trustees of the Estate of the Reverend " Richard Daniel deceased, given for charitable Purposi s," and shall implead and be impleaded, sue and be sued by that Name; and that the said Ccrpojation shall consist of the Lord High Chancellor lor the Time being of Ireland, or Lords Keepers for the Time being of the Great Seal of Ireland, the Lord Archbishop for the Time being of Dublin, and the Lord Chief Justice for the Time being of the Court of King’s Bench in Ireland and shall and may have and use a Common Seal, which they

may

4.8*G, EORGII HI. Cap.tw 2787

may alter or make new from Time to Time; and that such Corporation shall remain and subsist, and its Powers continue and be exerciseable* notwithstanding the re shall be a Vacancy in any One of the said Offices of Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, Archbishop, or Chief Justice; and in case there shall be a Vacancy in Two of inch Offices, then the Powers of the said Trustees shall be suspended only till such Time as there shall beTwo such Trustees at least; subject nevertheless and without Pcjudice to the Continuance of any Suit then depending in the Name of the said Cor* porarion.

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it (haW Lawful for the and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Two of them, 52?!?Agent from Time to Time to elect an Agent or Receiver of the Income and or Receiver, Profits of the said charitable Funds arising from the Effects of the said J^smake Bye Richard Daniel given as aforesaid at a Salary not exceeding Thirty Pounds per Annum, and to make fqch Bye Laws, Rules, and Ordinances, and from Time to Time to alter the fame Bye Laws.Rules, and Ordinances as they shall judge most convenient and ncediul for the good Government of the said Corporation and Management of the Affairs of the said Charity and theeffectual Promotion of thegood Ends intended thereby; and to give such Instructions and Directions as they shall judge needful and reason- Byelaws not able for regulating the said Charity: Provided that the said Rules, Ordi- to bs repugnances, Inflections, and Directions be not repugnant to the Laws and Laws in'orce Statutes in force in Ireland, nor inconsistent with the Intention of the said Ireland, Testaior, expiefftd in his said Will; and that it shall and may be lawful "Jfntwith to and for the said Trustees or any Two of them to remove and displace the will of such Agent or Receiver, and to elect another in his Place or Stead: Pro- JJ* Member* vitltd always, that no Member of the said Corporation shall ever beelefted of the Lorpo. or appointed an Agent or Receiver of the said Trust Funds* eKhd*0 r

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the The Agent or Agent or Receiver who shall be appointed in pursuance of this Act, ^Ifccurit shall, before he be permitted to enter upon such Office, give such good and be ac- and sufficient Security for the just and faithful Discharge of his Office, countable^© as the Lid Trustees, or any Two of them, shall think proper, and shall anddcpoiicthe at all Times be accountable, and shall account to the said Trustees, or Monies »*. any Two of them, when required; and th^t such Agent or Receiver Ban? a" the1 shall be obliged from Time to Time to deposit the Monies to be received, Trustees, or by him by virtue of his Office, within EightDaysafter he shall havereceived the fame, in the Banks ok England Q$Irela}idt a.vthe laid Trustees, or any Two direct, within of them, shall direct, and lotnat the fame may be ac the Disposal of the said at'fcr^Ua , Trustees, or any Two of them; and that such Agent or Receiver shall thereof, be obliged from Time to Time to iranLft all Matters relative to the said Charity, which he shall be required by the said Trustees, or any Two of them, to transact and as often as he shall be required, he shall give in a particular Account in Writing, signtd by him, of all Receipts, Payments,

Disbur feme nth, and Transactions, on account of the said Corporation, and the fame Account shall be examined, audited, and subscribed by the said Trustees, or any Two of them, and he shall then also give in a true and exact State of the Funds of the said Corporation, in order that the fame may be examined and entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, such Book and Papers of the said Corporation to be at all Times 8 open

2788 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 143.

C'pen and free for the Perusal of the fereral Members thereof, and to hi the Property of the Paid Corporation.

Perr.n.i

IV. And Be it Furthtr enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the

FJlotqfthe Personal EUate of which the said Richard DaHiel died poffrlTed, or to ^t'f""7n"ihee *hi h he was entitled, and all Sefcuritics for the fame, except such Part TnifUsi. or Parts thereof as has or have heretofore been applied pursuant to the Directions of his said Will, shall be, and the faitie is and are hereby Veiled Ih the said Trustees, to hold to them and their Successors, upon Trull to pay the Expencee of passing this Act, and the Execution of the Trulls hereby reposed in them, and to pay all necessary Colls and Expences heretofore incurred and not paid, or that they may hereafter incur, in carrying into Execution the Trulls of the said Will and of this Act; and subject thereto, upon the fame Trulls, to the same Uses, and for the fame Intents and Purposes as in and by the said lad Will and Teltament of the said Richard DaHiel are directed, appointed, and intended concerning the same, and to no Other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

Not to street V. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and 5? Jj'? of Successors, and all other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Cor.' " *' y' porate, their tefpeClive Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, other than and except the Executors of the said Richard Daniel, and other than and except the Executors of the said Arthur Lord Kilcvarden, all such Right, Title, Edate and Interest, both at Law and in Equity, as they or any of them had, could, or ought to have of, in, to, or out of the Personal Edate and Fortune of the said Richard Daniel, in and by this Act veded for the Purposes herein mentioned, as fully to all Intents anil Purposes as if this Act never had been made 5 any Thing herein* before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Evidence.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so primed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaEL-

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

Or to

Pi:;

Oil*

teitbj

upon

'oftkt

M El.

lOnfltl

iMtf

(Ij'la,

Rlmj

ad in.

’urpose

AN-NO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

nsad

C«.'

non, , and aiti, m,n

OK mi by Horn m#

br

tu

au

ufr

GEORGII III. REGIS.

tic*-

Cap. 144.

An Act for vesting the Fee Simple of the Ertates devised by the Will of Edward Carefwell Gentleman deceased, in Trustees for the Charitable Purposes therein mentioned.

[25th June 1808.]

WHEREAS Edward Carefwell late of Bobbington In the County 3d February of Stafford Gentleman deceased, duly made and published his 16S9, Will last Will and Testament in Writing bearing Date on or aboutof Edward the Third Day of February One thousand six hundred and eighty-nine, Carcfwdt therein reciting that by a certain Indenture tripartite bearing Date on or about the Ninth Day of January in the First Yeat of the Reign of King William and Mary, and made between the said Edward Carefwell of the First Part, Francis Fcrrester, Robert Lloyd, Edward Corbett, and Henry Woolafton, Trustees therein named of the Second Part, and Andrew CharL ton therein named of the Third Part, he the said Testator, for the Considerations in the said Indenture mentioned did demise to the said Trustees, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all that his Messuage and Farm or Tenement called or known by the Name of Walkerlow, alias Wal-J[Loc. & Per.'} 31 H kerjlow

9°

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. T44.

kerjlow Farm in the Parish of Stottefden in the County of Saldp, then or then late in the Occupation or Tenure of Tho?nas Wall, his Undertenants or Assigns, and other the Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments therein particularly described. To hold the fame unto the Laid Irustees, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, from and after his the said Testator’s Death, for the Term of Five hundred Years from thence next ensuing, upon the Trulls therein mentioned, and among!! other Trusts therein specified, upon Trull for the Benefit of the said Andrew Charlton during his Life, and of such Person as at the Time of his Decease should be his Widow, and also of his eldest Son during his Life, and in case the said Andrew Charlto?i should leave no Son, then for the Benefit of Thowas Lloyd and his Widow and eldest Son in like Manner, and from and after the Determination of those Estates, upon Trust that the then Residue of the said Term of Five hundred Years should be attendant upon the Reversion and Inheritance of the Premises, to such Uses as the fame should be conveyed, devised or afiured unto by the said feftator by any Deed or Deeds, or by his last Will: And also reciting, that the said Tei-tator designing and intending to dispose of the Residue of the said Term, and the Reversion thereof, after the Five hundred Years, for a public Benefit, and taking notice that the Scholars of the several Free Schools of the said County of Salop were destitute of any Place of Preferment in either of the Universities, whereby Learning in the said Free Schools became greatly discouraged, for the Supply therefore of that Defedf, and for the Support and Encouragement of such Scholars of the Free Schools therein and hereinafter mentioned as were not enabled to maintain themselves at the University, he the said Testator did by his said Will give, de-vise, order, direct and appoint that the said Messuages, Farms, Lands and all other the Premises after the Death of the said Persons, and Determination of the several Estates limited to them for and during all the Residue of the said Term of Five hundred Years that should be then to come and unexpired, and also all that his Reversion of the Premises expedant upon the said Term, and all his Estate of Inheritance in the Premises should be at all Times for ever thereafter charged and chargeable with the Maintenance of Eighteen Scholars in the College of Christ Church Oxford, or in case the said Scholars could not be incorporated with and made Part of the Foundation, or admitted into the Society of the said College, and have Chambers there, then in some other College or Hall of the said University where the said Scholars might best and most conveniently be accommodated, viz. by allowing to each of the said Scholars yearly for Four Years while he remained an Under Graduate Eighteen Pounds, to each of them after he should commence Batchelor of Arts Twenty-one Pounds yearly for Three Years until he should commence Master of Arts, and the Sum of Twenty-seven Pounds yearly to each of the said Scholars for Three Years after he should commence Master of Arts and no longer, the said Testator hoping that within that Space of Time each of the said Scholars so maintained and provided for as aforesaid, might by their own fair and good. Carriage, Endeavours and Industry obtain better and greater Preferment than what was thereby to them limited, either in such College where they, should be resident, or in the County of Salop from whence they were firifc elected; and the said Testator thereby declared his Will to be, that the said Eighteen Scholars so as aforesaid to be maintained at the said University,

upon

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 144.

upon their first Election, should be chosen from and out of the mofiinge/ nious and deserving Scholars, either Natives of the said several Parishes where the Estate lay, or elsewhere of the said County of Salop, and of least Ability to maintain themselves, of the fix Free Schools after mentioned, whether the said Scholars should be free or not free of the said Schools, to the Number and Proportion, and in Manner following, that is to say. Four fri m and out of the Free School of Shrewsbury, Three from and out of the Free School at Bridgenorth, Four from and out of the Free School at Newport, Three out of the Free School at Sbiffnal, Two out of the Free School of Wcjn, and Two out of the Free School of Donnington, all the said Scholars to be from the said Schools removed to the said College of Christ Church or to fotne other College or Hall in the said University of Oxford, where, a Settlement for them could most conveniently be provided: And the said Testator, by his said Will directed, that as any Vacancy in such College should afterwards happen by the Death or Removal of any of the said Scholars, or other Scholars to be chosen out of the said Schools, that such Vacancies should be supplied by a new Election of One or more Scholars, as the Case should require, from and out of the fame Free Schools from whence the Persons or Person so dying or removing was or were first elected; and to the end that such Vacancy, so as aforesaid happening by the Death or Removal of any of the said Scholars might be supplied and filled up from the same School only from whence the said Person so dying or removing was elected, and not from any other of the said Schools; the said Testator thereby declared his Will to be, that Catalogues fairly written of the Names of the Scholars from Time to Time elected should be carefully kept as well in the College of the said University to which the said Scholars should be removed, as in the Schools from whence the-said Scholars should be elected, for the preventing any Elections contrary to the Intentions of his said Will; and the said Testator thereby further declared his Will to be that all the Elections should be made by the Chief Governor or Master of the said College where the said Scholars were to be resident for the Time being, or some One by him as his Representative to be deputed, and the Justices of the Peace inhabiting or adtingin the several Hundreds of Bradford, Stottefden and Brimtree for the Time being, or any Three of them, whereof the said Master of the said College, or his Delegate, should be One; and the said Testator thereby further declared his Will to be, that if the Rents and Profits of the Premises should thereafter be improved and become of greater Value yearly than the fame then Were, that then and in such Case the said Increase of Rent and Improvements, after Satisfaction of all incidental Charges and Expences in and concerning the Execution of his said Will, should be applied for and towards the Maintenance of a greater Number of Scholars at the University of Oxford aforesaid, to be chosen proportionably from and out of the said Six Free Schools, in such Manner, with such Allowance, and for such Time as thereinabove was directed and appointed: But otherwise, in case the Rents of the Premises thereafter should fall short of what they were then set at, then the said Testator thereby further declared his Will to be, that the Election of One, Twoor more of the Number of Scholars abovementioned, designed to be elected out of the two last mentioned Free Schools should be omitted and cease until the Lands and Premises should again come to be. of sufficient yearly Value to maintain the said Eighteen Scholars.

*79*

24th Febru. ary 1689, Codicil toll Will of Edward Caree-well.

18th April 1J3S, ln-

4S0 GEORGII Hi. Cap. 144.

II. And whereas the said Testator afterwards made a Codicil to his said Will, dated the Twenty-fourth Day of the fame Month of February One thousand six hundred and eighty-nine, thereby reciting his said Will, and the said Devise thereby made for the Benefit of the said Eighteen Scholars, he declared that notwithstanding such Provision so as aforesaid made for the said Eighteen Scholars, for as much as he had taken into his Confuleration that there was no more than Six pounds thirteen shillings and four pence annually paid to the Minister of the Parish church of Bobbington for his Support and Maintenance, which was insufficient for that Purpose, and being desirous to augment such Allowance, therefore for the Encouragement of such Minister, fully and legally ordained, (and no other) as fixould thereafter officiate there, he the said Testator did by the said Codicil devise, order and appoint the Sum of Ten Pounds per Annum to be paid yearly into the Hands of one or two of the mod substantial Freeholders in the Parish of Bobbington, or to the Minister himself officiating in the said Parish Church for the time being,by the Tenant or Tenants of the said Testator’s Farm in the said Parish called Bobbington Farm, as an Augmentation to the said annual Sum of Six pounds thirteen shillings and four-pence for ever, which said Ten pounds he the said Testator thereby ordered and appointed should be annually deduced out of the several Allowances appointed for the said Eighteen Scholars, w hen the fame should become payable, by an Abatement of Eleven shillings and one penny halfpenny out of each of the said Scholars* Allowance, and the said Testator thereby further declared that upon such Payment made of the said Ten pounds yearly to the Minister as aforesaid. his Receipt thereof for so much only should be a good Discharge to the Tenant, any thing in his said Will mentioned to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas on the eighteenth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and thirty-eight His late Majesty's then Attorney-general at the Relation of the Relators therein named, exhibited his Information in the High Court of Chancery against William Hayward Serjeant at Law, Margaret Meefon Widow, William Cooke and Deimaris his Wife, Samuel Al-cock and Mary his Wife, and Josiah Mills and Sarah his Wife, thereby setting forth {inter alia) the said recited Will and Codicil, and also (fating that the said Testator died in or about the Month of February One thousand six hundred and ninety, and that the said Trustees under the said Settlement of the ninth Day of January One thousand six hundred and eighty-nine, neglecting or refuting to act in the said Trust, the said Andrew Charlton for whose Benefit chiefly the said Settlement was made, entered upon the said Premises and held the fame till his Death, which happened in October One thousand seven hundred and thirty-six; and further dating that Thomas Lloyd in the said Settlement named, died long before the said Andrew Charlton without lifue, and that the said Trustees were all long since dead, and that the said Iienry Woolaston the surviving Trustee made his Will and thereof appointed Sarah his Daughter Executrix, who proved the fame, and took upon herself the Execution thereof, and afterwards intermarried with the said Josiah Mills, and that the said Andrew Charlton dying a Bachelor without lifue, the said Premises became vdted i:i the said Josiah Mills and Sarah his Wife, in right of the said Sarah as Executrix of the Will of the said surviving Trustee, for the Remainder of the said Term

cf

2793

4-8* GEORG 11 Ifl. Cap. 144.

of five hundred Years, in trufl to attend the Inheritance of the said Premi* fes for the Benefit of the said several Charities in the said Will and Codicil before mentioned, and praying that the said Trust might be settled, and Trustees appointed for the Management thereof, and the said Charities regulated and established according to the Will and Codicil of the said Telia-for: And whereas by a Decree made upon hearing the said Cause, dated 6ih July the Sixth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and forty-one, it was (amongst other Things) decreed, that the said charitable Devises and Be- chancery* quells should be established and carried into Execution; and sundry Direc- establishing tions were given touching the Accounts to be taken before the said Master, Charita-and also as to Schemes to be laid before the said Mailer respecting the said b!e Devise-Charity and other Matters, but no Direction was given for the Appointment of any Tru free or Trustees of the Inheritance of the said Hereditaments and Premises, or any Notice taken thereof: And whereas by iSth July the Report of the Mailer to whom the said Cause Hood referred, made in the said Cause, dated the Eighteenth Day of July One thousand seven porj hundred and forty-three, he certified (inter alia) that the said Relators had, pursuant to the said Order on hearing, laid before him a Scheme for establishing and carrying into Execution the Charity created by the said Testator’s Will for the Benefit of the said Scholars mentioned in the fame Will to be sent from the Schools therein mentioned to Christ Church in Oxford, that the several Trulls upon which the Premises before mentioned were devised by the said Testator’s Will to the said Trustees for the Term of five hundred Years as aforesaid were all determined, whereby the Residue of the said Term, and also the Reversion expectant upon the said Term, and the Inheritance of the said Estates were become chargeable with the Maintenance of the Scholars in the said College of Christ Church in Manner before mentioned: And whereas 19th Jily by 2n Order made in the said Cause, dated the Nineteenth Day of I7,l4- Order July One thousand seven hundred and forty-four, it was ordered that the th?

1'aid Report should stand confirmed, and that the Scheme therein flared ter’* Report, should be approved and established, and that the fame should be carried into Execution: And whereas by a further Information exhibited by *6th June His present Majesty's then Attorney-General, on or about the Sixteenth ^lir-l)ay of June One thousand seven hundred and seventy-live against Joseph lion txtubK-2* Amphlctt and the said Dean and Chapter of the said College of Christ cdbytheAt-Church, after flaring therein several of the Matters aforesaid, and that divers torney-Gene-ether Reports, Orders and Proceedings took place in the said Cause, and ,al‘ several Sums arising from surplus Income or Profits of the said Estates were paid into the Accountant-GeneraPs Name to the Credit of the said Cause, but that no Directions were given for veiling the Fee of the said Hereditaments and Premises in any Person or Persons as Trullee or Trustees thereof, and amongst other Matters and Things that the Relators and Defendants in the said first Cause were dead, and that the Defendant Joseph Amphlctt was then the Personal Representative of the said Henry Woohjion the surviving Tru (lee named in the said Indenture of the ninth Day of January line thousand six hundred and eighty-nine, in whom the said Charity Estates were then veiled for the Residue of the said Term of five hundred Ye#s, in trufl to attend the Inheritance of the said Estates for the Benefit of the said Chariues, and that the said Charity Estates were then of the yearly Value of Four hundred Pounds and upwards, and that there were then Handing t Lsc.®fyr.l 31/ in

2 794

8th June } 776, Decree of the Court of Chancery.

4th Augfuft 1^06. Onler of Reference on the Peti-

Dean of Chri'tl Church, di-

Seat ones for Hfirs at Law of Tell at or.

iSth De-.,m!.cr 1*07. T'r.e Mailer’s Report.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 144.

in the Name of the said Accountant-General, in trust in the said Cause, subject to the further Order of the Court, One thousand two hundred and twenty-five Pounds eleven Shillings and two pence Bank three Pounds per centum Annuities, and in Cash One thousand two hundred and ninety-six Pounds nine Shillings which had arisen from the Surplus Rents, Profits and Produce of the said Eflares, it was therefore prayed that the said Decree and Proceedings might be carried into Execution, and that the then Relators might have the Benefit thereof, and that the Number of Scholars Exhibitioners out of the said Charity might be increased, and the increased Rents, and the Produce of the said Bank Annuities be employed in Augmentation of the said Charity, and that such further Directions relating to the said Charity might be given as by the said Court should be thought necessary: And whereas by a Decree made in the said last mentioned Cause, bearing date the Eighth Day of June One thousand seven hundred and seven-ty-six, it was ordered and decreed among ether Things that the said former Decree and Proceedings should be carried into Execution between the then present Parties, in the Manner by the said first-mentioned Decree and Proceedings directed as to the former Parties; and ir was further ordered that the Receiver appointed of the Charity Estates should be continued and pass his Accounts before Mr. Halford the Master to whom the former Caufd {food referred, and that he should pay the Balances of his Account* from Time to Time into the Bank with the Privity of the said Accountant-General to be placed to the Credit of the said Cause, subject to the further Order of the said Court: And whereas by an Order made in the said last mentioned Cause upon the Petition of the said Defendant, the Dean of Christ Church, bearing Date the Fourth Day of August one thousand eight hundred and six, dating tile several Matters aforesaid, it was referred to Mr. Ccx the Mailer to whom the said last mentioned Cause flood transferred to enquire and date to the Court, whether any Heir or Heirs at Law of the said Testator Edward Carcfwell could be found, and in case such Heir or Heirs at Law could not be found, then to certify to the Court whether it would be for the Benefit of the said Estates in question, that an Application should be made to Parliament as to veiling and settling the Fee-fnnple of the said Estates in Trustees for the s of the Charity in question: And whereas the said Master, by his Report made in pursuance of the said last recited Order, and bearing Date the Eighteenth Day of December One thousand eight hundred and seven, after dating that he had been attended by the Solicitors for the said Petitioner, and also ior the Relators and the other Defendants in the said Cause, and (inter alia) that he had found all the Matters herein-before let forth, and that Part of the said Hereditaments and Premises confiding of a Messuage and Building with about one hundred and twenty-five Acres of Land called Hill House Farm bordered upon the Trad of Wade or uninclosed Land called Morse, over which Truth there appertained a Right of Common in respect of the said Farm, and that the said Common was about to be inclosed by virtue of an Act of Parliament, and Allotments in lieu of the Common Rights made to the fe-verai Freeholders and Proprietors according to their respective Interests; and the said Master further let forth the Affidavit of James Sheffield Brooks of Miliman-street Bedford-row in the County of Middlej'ex Gentleman, sworn the thirtieth day of November One thousand eight hundred and seven, dating or detailing the Particulars of the Enquiries and Searches

that

2795

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 144.

that had been made by the said Deponent at Shr&ivsbury and in the Vicinity thereof, and also at Bobbington in the County of Stafford (where the said Testator had lived and died) for the Heir or Heirs at Law of the said Edward Carefwell the Testator in the Pleadings of the said Cause named, and from such Enquiries and Searches it appeared that there was or were not any such Heir or Heirs at Law to be found; and the said IVlafter further certified that he caused two several Advertisements to be published in the London Gazette and in a New's-paper published at Shreufbury in the County of Salop, thereby calling upon the Heir or Heirs at Law of the said Edward Carefwell, if any, to come in before him and prove their Kindred, but that no Claim of Kindred had been made or brought in before him, and that under the Circumstances aforesaid, it appeared to him that there was not, nor were there, any Person or Persons to whom the Commissioners for the Purposes of the Inclosure thereinbefore mentioned could make any Allotment or Allotments under the said inclosure Act, in lieu of the Common Rights appurtenant to the Freehold or Inheritance of and in the said Hereditaments and Premises called Hill House Fann, for which, and for other Reasons, he conceived it would be for the Benefit of the said Estates in question, that an Application should be made to Parliament for veiling and settling the Fee-simple of the said Estates in Trustees for the Purpose of the Charity in question: And whereas by another Order made in the said last 2 >,d Decerc-mentioned Cause upon the said Mailer’s Report, bearing Date the Twenty- ber 1807. third Day of December One thousand eight hundred and leven, it was ordered that the Petitioners should make an Application to Parliament for an Act m^on the to veil the Fee-simple of the said Estates in Trullees for the Benefit of said Report, the Charity in question, and that it should be referred back to the said Ivlafter to approve of proper Persons to be appointed Trustees of the said Estates: And whereas the said Mailer by his further Report made in the 24th Febru-said Cause, bearing Date the Twenty-fourth Day of February One thou- at7 1808. sand eight hundred and eight certified that he had approved of the very s Rc’

reverend Cyril Jackson Do dor in Divinity, Dean of Christ Church Col- proving of lege Oxford, "John Kynaston Powell of Plardwicke in the County of Salop Trustcts. Esquire, John Cotes of Woodcote in the same County, Esquire, and Isaac

Hawkins Browne of Badger, also in the same County, Esquire, as proper

Persons to be appointed Trustees in the said Act of Parliament of the said Estates deviled by the said recited "Will of the said Edward CarefwcllAnd whereas by another Order of the said Court bearing Date Era&ment the First Day of April One thousand eight hundred and eight made in for veiling all

the said Cause, the said last recited Report of the said Mailer was con- [at*

firmed and made absolute: And whereas the said John Kynaston Powell i.id Edward is desirous of being discharged from acting in the said i'rust, where- Carefmli fore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Dean and Inthe C°uti-Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Christ in Oxford do most humbly Stafford ami* beseech Your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it dfewher.-. enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in tins present Pat liament assembled and by the Authority of the same, That all and singular the Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments deviled by the said recited Will of the said Edward Carcfivell, situate, lying and being in the Parishes of Bradford, Brimtree and Stoitefaen and die where in the said County of Salop, and in the Parish of Bobbington or

elsewhere

2796 4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 144*

elsewhere in the said County of Stafford, and also all other the Hereditaments (if any) deviled by the said recited Will, together with all and singular Houses, Out-houses, Edifices, Buildings, Barns, Stables, Granaries, Yards, Gardens, Lands, Meadows, Failures, Feedings, Ways, Waters, Watercourses', Commons, Common of Pasture, Timber and other lrees. Woods, and Underwoods, and the Ground and Soil thereof, and other the Rights, Members and Appurtenances whatsoever to the said Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments belonging, or in anywise appertaining, or to or with the fame or any of them tiled, occupied or enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, deemed, taken or known as Part, Parcel or Member thereoi, or of any of them, or appurtenant thereto, and all Allotments made and to be made to or in respect of all or any of the said Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments for or in lieu of any Rights of Common belonging or appertaining thereto, and the Inheritance in Fee-simple of all and singular the said Messuages, Farms, Lands, Allotments, Hereditaments and Premises, shall from and after the passing of ihis Act ber and the same are hereby vetted in the Right Honourable Edward Herbert commonly Trullees. called Lord Viscount Clive, and in the said Cyril Jackson, John Cotes, and Isaac Hawkins Browne (the Trullees appointed as aforesaid) their Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of them the said Edward Lord Viscount Upon the Clive, Cyril Jackson, John Cotes, and Isaac Hawkins Browne, their Heirs noned in the anc^ Assigns for ever, for the Intents and Purposes in and by the said said will of recited Will of the said Edward Carefwell expressed and declared of Edward and concerning the same, but subject to any beneficial Claim or Claims Carefwtll. of Heir or Heirs at Law of the said Edward Carefwell.

Power of ap- IV- Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any or either of pointing ne.v them the said Edward Lord Viscount Clive, Cyril Jackson, John Cotes, and X rustees. Isaac Hawkins Browne, or any future Trustee or Trustees who shall be appointed in the Place or Stead of them or any of them, shall die or desire to relinquish the Trulls hereby in them or in him reposed, or shall refuse, decline or become incapable to act in the said Trulls, or shall go out cf Great Britain, then and in every or any such Case it shall and may be lawful for the High Court of Chancery, upon a Petition to be presented in a summary Way by any of the surviving or other Tiuttees or Trustee of the said Trust Premises for the Time being, or by the Dean of the said Cathedral Church of Christ, Oxford, for the Time being, from Time to Time to appoint any other Person or Persons to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Place or Stead of the Trustee or Trustees so dying or desiring to be discharged, or refusing, declining or becoming incapable to act, or going out of Great Britain as aforesaid, and that when and so soon and as often as any such Appointment of a new Trustee or Trustees shall be made as aforesaid, all the aforesaid Trust Lilates or Hereditaments and Premises, with the Appurtenances, shall be thereupon with all convenient Speed conveyed and transferred in such Sort and Manner, and io 2s that the same shall and may be or become legally and effectually vested in the surviving or continuing Trustee or Trustees thereof, and inch new or other Trustee or Trustees, or if there shall be no continuing Trustee or Trustees then in such new Trullees only, upon the lame Trulls, and for the fame Intents and Purposes as by the said recited Will of the said Edward Carefwell are or were declared of and concerning the same Brel'2 m.fes

2797

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 144.

miles or such of them as shall or may be then subsisting or capable of taking Effect-, and that every such new Trustee shall and may in all Things ad in the Management, carrying on and Execution of the aforesaid Trusts as fully and effectually, and with all the fame Powers and Authorities to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever as if such Trustee or Trustees so to be appointed had been originally by this Act nominated and appointed a Trustee or Trustees of the said Estates for the Purposes aforesaid.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That none of the present Clause for or future Trustees of this Act shall be answerable or accountable for the the Indcm-other or others of them, or for any involuntary Losses; and that by and

out of any Rents or Monies which shall come to their or his Hands or Hand by virtue of the aforesaid Trusts it shall be lawful for them and him to retain to and reimburse themselves and himself respectively all the Costs,

Charges and Expences which they or he may respectively incur or fultain. in carrying the said Trusts into Execution.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Court of Chancery from Time to Time to make such Order as the said Court shall think expedient, just or reasonable, for allowing, taxing and a settling all Costs, Charges and Expences which have been or shall be incur* red in and about the obtaining and passing this Act, or in or about any Applications to the said Court in pursuance hereof, or otherwise in carrying into Execution the Trusts and Purposes aforesaid.

VII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs Saving and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Clause. Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administrators, (other than and except the Heirs at Law of the said Testator Edward Carefwell deceased, as to and so far as regards any legal or trust Estate that may be vested in them for the subsisting Purposes of the said Will, but no further or otherwisej all such Estate,

Right, Claim, Title, interest. Claim and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of all or any the said Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments late of the said Testator Edward Carefwell deceased, or any Part thereof,'as they, every, or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held or enjoyed, in case this Act had not been passed.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Heir or Heirs at Law of the said Edward Carefwell shall at any Time hereafter by due Course of Law establish his, her, or their Right or Title to the Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments devised by the Will of the said Edward Carefwell, as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, then all the said Hereditaments and Premises hereby vested in the said Trustees, or such Part or Parts thereof to which such Heitor Heirs at Law shall have so established such Right or Title, shall thenceforth be vested in the said Heir or Heirs at Law in like Manner as if this Act had not been made or passed.

2793

Evidence.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. i^.

IX. And be it further enacted, That this Act: shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, before all Judges, j uilices and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s moil: Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 145.

An Act to amend Two Acts, passed in Ireland, for the better Education of Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion, and for the better Government of the Seminary established at Maynooth for the Education of such Persons, so far as relates to the Purchase of Lands and compounding Suits.

[25th June 1808.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Parliament of Ireland, in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, Act for the better Education of Persons professing IrJfl}

the Popish or Roman Catholic Religion, it is amongst other Things enacted, 35 G.;. c. That the several Persons named as Trustees in the Paid Ad, and the Persons to be hereafter elected, as by the said Act is directed, shall be Trustees for the Purpose of establishing, endowing, and maintaining, one Academy for the Education only of Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion; and that the said Trustees shall have full Power and Authority to receive Subscriptions and Donations to enable them to establish and endow an Academy for the Education of Persons professing the Roman Catholic Religion, and to purchase and acquire Lands not exceeding the Annual Value of One thousand Pounds; and to ered and maintain all such Buildings as may be by the said Trustees deemed necessary for the Lodging and Accommodation of the President, Masters, Pro-feffors, Fellows, and Students who shall from Time to Time be admitted \Loc, C39 Per.] 31 L intg

2802

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 14s*

into oi* reside in such Academy: And whereas it was by the said Act further enacted, that the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, should have the Superintendance and Visitorial Power, over the said Academy, and over all Persons on the Foundation thereof or educated therein: And whereas by an Act, passed in the Parliament of Ireland in 40 G. c. 85. the Fortieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Government of the Seminary ejlab Ushed at Maynooth, for the Education of Persons prof effing the Roman Catholic Religion, and for amending the Laws now in Force respecting the said Seminary, it is amongst other Things enacted, That so much of the last recited Act as enacts, that the Trustees therein named, or any Seven or more of them, shall have visitorial Power over the said Academy or College, and over all Persons on the Foundation thereof, or educated therein, shall be repealed, and that the visitorial Power over the said College or Academy, shall be vested in the Persons therein named: And whereas in and by the said last mentioned Act it is further enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees of the said College or Academy, to sue and be sued either at Law or in Equity, by and in the Name of their Secretary, and that in any Suit to be instituted against the said Trustees, in any Court of Law or Equity, touching the said College or Seminary, or any Estate Real or Personal claimed by the said Trustees in Right of their said Trust, it shall and may be sufficient to serve their Secretary with the Process or any other Order of such Court: And whereas as the said Two recited Acts now stand, it is conceived, that no Power is lodged in the Trustees thereby named, or in the Visitors named by the said last recited Act, to compromise any Suit or Suits which may arise or have already arisen, concerning the Property belonging to or claimed by the said College or Academy; and it is thought likely to conduce to the Benefit of the said College or Academy that such Powers should be vested in the Trustees for the Time being under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, or any Seven or more of them: And whereas by the said First recited Act it is provided that the Trustees thereby appointed shall have Power to purchase or acquire Lands not exceeding the Annual Value of One thousand Pounds, and it is fit that the Ground on which the Buildings stand in which the Business of the said College or Academy is carried on, and in which the Masters, Students, and other Members thereof reside, as well as certain Grounds immediately adjoining such Buildings, held under a Lease from William Robert late Duke of Leinster, and used for the immediate Purposes of the said College or Academy, should not be considered as Part of the Value of the said Annual Sum of One thousand Pounds, to which the Trustees of the said College or Academy are rest rifted as aforesaid: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Pow-r for the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees of Trustees, named in the said Two recited Acts of Parliament, or either of seminiuyto them, or hereafter to be el sted pursuant to the Directions of the said Two compromise recited Acts or either of them contained, or any Seven or fiiore~bf iKemJ Suits, &c. to compromise and compound any Suit or Suits already commenced or hereafter to be commenced, relative to or concerning any Property claimed by the said College or Academy, or fought to be recovered from it, on such Terms as to the Trustees herein-before mentioned, or any Seven or more of them, shall leem fit and most for the Benefit of the said College or 9 AcaGfciny*

2803

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 145.

Academy, and for that Purpose to make and execute all such Deeds, Conveyances, and Assurances, as shall be necessary for carrying such Compromise into Effect and Execution; and that all such Deeds, Conveyances, and Assurances, which shall be made and executed by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, for that Purpose aforesaid, shall to all Intents and Purposesbe valid and effectual in the Lawagainfl the said College or Academy, and the Trustees and Members thereof, and all Persons claiming under them or any of them; and that the Person or Persons to whom such Deeds, Conveyances, or Assurances shall be made, shall be entitled to have, hold, and enjoy all Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or other Property of whatever Nature thereby conveyed, and to have the full Benefit of such Deeds, Conveyances, and Assurances as against the said College or Academy, and the Trustees and Members thereof, and all Persons claiming by, from, or under them, or any of them; and that the Receipt or Receipts of the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall be a good and sufficient Discharge, or good and sufficient Discharges, to the Person or Persons paying the fame, for any Sum of Money paid to such Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, as Part of the Terms of any Compromise made in pursuance of the Powers given by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Power for the the Trustees for the Time being, of the said College or Academy, or any ^Vchafe*0 Seven or more of them, to purchase or acquire Lands, not exceeding in Land#, &c. Value the Annual Sum of One thousand Pounds, exclusive of the Value of Lands and Premises, held under the before mentioned Lease from William Robert late Duke of Leinster, and the Buildings erected thereon, or hereafter to be erected and used for the Purposes of the said College or Academy.

III. Provided always, and be it hereby further enacted, That any Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments already purchased or acquired under or by ti,e said Acts, virtue of the Power for that Purpose giveil to the said Trustees, or any as to PJsrcl^fe Seven or more of them, in and by the said herein-before first recited Act, ° n ®» c* shall be deemed Fart of the Lands which they are so authorized to purchase

or acquire as aforesaid; and that no more Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be purchased or acquired by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, than what together with any Lands already purchased or acquired by them would amount to the Annual Value of One thousand Pounds; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the && may be Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so dencVihen printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and printed by others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strakan, Printers t9 the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 146.

An Act for supplying the Town and Parish of Woolwich in the County oiKent with Water, and for amending so much of an Act of the said Session as relates to the Erection of a Market House in the said Town.

[30th June 1808.]

WPIEREAS the Town and Parish of Woolwich, in the County of Kent, is large and populous, and the Inhabitants thereof are very insufficiently supplied with Water, which in case of any Fires happening therein might be attended with very calamitous Consequences, not only to the said Inhabitants but to His Majesty's Royal Arsenal and Dock and Rope Yards situated in the said Town and Parish:

And whereas an Act was passed in the Fqrty-feverith Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for paving, cleanfng, lighting, and 47G3.C. 1: 1watching, the Town and Parish of Woolwich, in the County of &eut, and removing and preventing Nuisances therein; for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor; for providing an additional Burial Ground; and for regulating the Market of thesaidTown and Parish: And whereas Doubts have arisen whether, under the Provisions of the said Act, the Commissioners thereby appointed can purchase Ground and erect a Market-house and Shambles thereon,without previously purchasing the prefenc Market, Shambles and Erections attached thereto: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenc of the Lords Spiritual and [Lee. & Per.~] 31 M Temporal,

2806

Commissioners of former A t may bring

♦he Town.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 146.

Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners appointed by or elected in pursuance of the said recited Act or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, <ubje£t to the Proviso herein-after mentioned, to raise and convey Water from a Field in the Parish of Charlton in the County of Kent, belonging to Dame Jam Wilson, and Sir Thomas Maryon Wtifon Baronet along the High Road leading from Greenwich to Woolwich into the said Town of Woolwich, and along the High Road by Unity Place into Prances Street, and from thence into a Reservoir to be made in a Field belonging to John Bowater Esquire, in the Occupation of Mary Rideout Widow, and afterwards through Lands belonging to the Rector of the said Parish of Woolwich into another Reservoir near Woolwich Church, according to the Line expressed in the Map or Plan herein-after mentioned, and convey and distribute Water from every such Relervoir or Reservoirs in Pipes through the said Town and Parish to the Houses of the Inhabitants thereof, agreeing with the said Commissioners to be sup* plied with fuc.h Water, and to purchase all Grounds necessary for making any such Reservoir or Reservoirs, and to ered Engines, lay Pipes, and make and construd such other Worke, Buildings, and Erections, and other Conveniencies, and to do every other Matter and Thing necessary for the conveying Water for supplying the said Town and Parish therewith; and for the Purpose aforesaid the said Commissioners, their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Workmen are hereby authorized and empowered to enter into and upon all Lands and Grounds, Highways, Roadc, Passages, Streets, and Places belonging to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, within the said Par lb of Woolwich, which the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think necessary for conveying Water as aforesaid, and to set out such Parts thereof as shall be necessary and proper for making the said Reservoirs, laying the said Pipes, and for construdL ing such Works and other Conveniencies aforesaid j and also from Time to Time to open, scour, cieanfe, repair, and maintain such Reservoirs, Pipes, Works, and Conveniencies, and for the Purposis aforesaid to bore, dig, cut, trench, sough, get, remove, take, carry away, and lay Earth, Clay, Stones, Soil, Rubbish, Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel or Sand, or any other Matters or Things which may be dug or got in making such Reservoirs, laying such Pipes, or in constructing such Works and Conveniencies, or which may hinder, obstruct, or prevent the making, laying, or constructing the fame, or the using, completing, and maintaining the fame, and to use, exercise, and employ all necessary Ways and Means for conveying and bringing a sufficient Supply of Water to the said Town and Parish for ihetJfe of the Inhabitants thereof, and from Time to Time to repair, maintain, supporr, and continue the fame according to the Tenor and Effect and true Intent and Meaning hereof, and also to make, maintain, repair, and alter any Fences, Passages, Bridges, or Arches, which may be necdlary for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, and from Time to Time to make, construct, and ere£l, and to repair and maintain any Engines, Citterns, Ponds Basons, Pipes, Fire Plugs, Fire Cocks, Bores, Mains, Feeders, Drains Pumps, Sluices, and other Works and Devices, as they shall think proper, and for all or any of the Purposes of this Act to break up and remove the Soil, Polls, Kirbs, Bulk-heads, Bars, Sewers, Drains, Pavements, and 5 gravelled

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 146/

gravelled and other Ways, of any of the present and future Streets, Squares, Lanes, Passages, Alleys, Public Courts, Footways, Public Quays, Closes, and Public Places, and to enter into any private Lands or Grounds within the said Town and Parish, and to dig and fink Trenches, and lay Pipes, and put Fiie Cocks, Fire Plugs, and Branches from such Pipes, in such Places for the laying and fixing such Pipes, and all such other Matters and Things, in such Places and in such Manner as they shall jud: e necessary for distributing and conveying such Water to the respective Houses, Offices, and other Tenements of the said Inhabitants of the said Town and Parish, and from Time to Time, as Occasion may require, to alter the Postion of and to repair, relay, and maintain such Pipes and Machinery, and to do all other Acts, Matters, and Things which shall from Time to Time be necessary or proper for comple ting and amending, repairing and improving the Works authorized by this Act to be done and provided, they the said Commissioners, their Deputies, Agents, Servants, and Workmen, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the several Powers to them hereby granted, and making Satisfaction in the Manner herein-after mentioned, within Six Months after such Damage dene to the Owners and Proprietors of and all Persons interfiled in the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, which shall be used for the PuTposes of this Act, or injured in Value by Means of the Powers hereby granted, or which shall be by them sustained by reason of all or any of the Powers of this Act; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Commissioners, and their Deputies, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and all other Persons whomsoever, for what they or any of them shall do by virtue hereof, subject nevertheless to such Provisions or Restrictions as are herein-after contained: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to supply the said Reservoirs or either of them with Water from any Springs or Watercourses which shall run by or from the Side of any Public Road or Highway in either of the said Parishes, or in any adjoining Parish, by Pipes to be laid under or by the Sides of such Roads or Highways, without Prejudice nevertheless to any Mills, Works, Dwelling Houses, or Lands theretofore supplied with Water: Provided also, that the said Commissioners shall and may, with the Confenc of the Owner and Occupier of any Lands or Grounds adjoining the Course of the said Pipes, make any Communi aiion with any Pond or Wells in such Lands or Grounds: P ovided also, that any Ground which shall be opened or broken up in any of the said Roads or Highways, or on the Sides thereof, shall be filled in and levelled, and the Rubbish occasioned thereby carried away as soon as conveniently may be; and in the mean.Time shall be fenced or guarded so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle: Provided also that the Furnace of every Steam Engine to be erected by the said Commissioners shall be conflrufttd upon the Principle of consuming its own Smoke.

II. Provided alway", and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained F^ce* shall extend or be construed to extend, so as to enable the said Commis- Rci sioners to construct any Reservoir or ReLrvoirs for the Purposes of this Act, at any Place or Places, lave and except in a F:eid belonging to John Bowater Esquire, in the Occupation of Mary Rideout, Widow, and also in a f ield belonging to the Reverend Hugh Frazer, in the Occupation of Mr. Samuel Hai din.

2808 +8* GEORGII III. Cap. 146.

Power of for-

III. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act, and all the trnTiedto this Powers, Privileges, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Act. Matters, and Things therein, contained, shall, so far as the Nature and

Circumstances of the Cafe will admit, extend, and are hereby extended to and shall take effect, operate, and be put in Execution, and shall be used and executed by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, in executing the several Powers hereby given to them, and for the pur-cliafing, felling, and conveying of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and ascertaining the Value thereof, and for the determining and assessing of Damages by a Jury or Juries, and all other Matters and Things, which shall relate to or happen or arise by or in consequence of this Act, in such and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purpose;, as if the said several Powers, Privileges, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Matters, and Things, were repeated or re-enacted in this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable the said Commissioners to- take any Water, Land, or Ground belonging to Dame Jane Wilson and Sir Thomas Maryon Wilson Baronet, without the Consent of the said Dame Jane Wilson, and Sir Thomas Maryon Wilson, his Heirs or Assigns in Writing under his, her, or their Hands first had and obtained.

"No Springs or

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Spring or Land bcl.ng- Springs of Water arising upon the Estate of John Bowater Esquire, shall Bcwater to be be had or taken from any Part of his said Estate, for supplying such tsicen without Reservoir or Reservoirs, or the said Inhabitants, or either of them, by the his Consent. said Commissioners, without the Consent of the said John Bowater, his Heirs or Assigns, in Writing for that Purpose first had and obtained.

Satisfaction V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all an 1 every Body or for Damages. Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Trustee, or other Person or Persons whomsoever. Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or other Hereditaments, in, through, or upon which any Reservoirs, Aqueduct, or other Works hereby authorized are intended to be made, may accept and receive Satisfaction for the Damages to be sustained by the making and completing the said Works, or for the Life of any Water, by an annual Rent, as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Parties respectively, or any of them, (and which they are hereby empowered to do), and the said Commissioners; and in case the said Commissioners and the Parties interested in such Lands, Hereditaments, / or Water, cannot agree as to the Amount of such Annual Rent, then the same shall be ascertained and settled by the Verdict of a Jury, in Manner directed by the said recited Act, except as to the said Dame Jane Wilson and Sir Thomas Maryon Wilson, Baronet, his Heirs and Assigns.

Power to bor'

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and row Money. for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money for the Purposes of this Act as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Sum of Fourteen thousand Pounds upon the Credit of the Rates and Assessments hereby authorized to be imposed, and to assign and make over the said Rates and Afteffinems, or any Part thereof, as a Security for such Money to the Person or Persons who shall advance the fame, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees by Deed of Mortgage, or by

Grant

48° GEORGII III. Cap. i+6. 2809

Grant of Annuities, in like Manner and Form, and with and subject to the like Powers and Directions for transfering every such Mortgage or Annuity and registering the fame respectively, and to the like Remedies,

Regulations, and Provisions, touching and concerning the same as re mentioned and contained in the said recited Act respecting the borrowing of Money and the Securities to be made for the same.

VII. And whereas a Survey hath been taken and aPlan with a proper Book of Reference thereto hath been made in consequence thereof, in order to b en taken and shew the Grounds necessary for making such Reservoir or Reservoirs, and Plan made, the Course or Lines of Pipes necessary for the conveying Water for supplying the said Town and Parish therewith; be it therefore enacted.

That there shall be Two Parts made of the said Plan and Book of That there

Reference thereto, which shall be certified by the Right Honour- p^ts^of the°

able the Speaker of the House of Commons, and one Part thereof said Plan cer*

shall be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of

Kent, and the other thereof with the Clerk of the said Commissioners; House of

to either of which Plans and Books of Reference all Persons shall have Common*,

Liberty to resort and to examine or make Extracts therefrom, or Copies of the fame, as Occasion shall require, paying to the said respective Clerks for

Copies or Extracts from such respective Books of Reference after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and so in proportion for any

greater or less Number of Words; and such Plans and Books of Reference

so certified, or true Copies thereof signed by such respective Clerks, shall be and is hereby declared to be good Evidence in all Courts of Law or

cllewhere; and the Clerk for 'he Time being to the said Commissioners shall, and is hereby required from Time to Time to produce such Plan

and Book of Reference so deposited with him as aforesaid, upon Eight

Days Notice givjen to him in Writing for that Purpose, before any Jury

or Juries to be impannelled by virtue of this or the said recited Act, at

the Time or Place to be mentioned in such Notice, in order that the fume

may be taken and then given in Evidence.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall not in commiTon-making the said Reservoir or Reservoirs, or in laying the said Pipes for ers shall not the Conveyance of the said Water, deviate mote than Ten Yards from the makhlp Refer-said Reservoir or Reservoirs, or the Line and Course of the said Pipes de- voir* or in lay. icribedin the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Jhan>, PiCen'Or0 Writing of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Yards. Collegiate, through whole Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be

made.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Lawful f. r to and for the said Commissioners to make such Reservoir or Reservoirs, Commission-and to Jay the Line and Course of the said Pipes in, through, across, or Reservoirs'on over the I ands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, BoGy or Bodies any Lan ds Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate whatsoever, whose Name or Names DevUtUaftiall shall appear to the Satisfaction of any Two Justices of the Peace for extend.

the said County of Kent, and be by them certified under their Hands to be by Mistake omitted in the said Book of Reference, or that instead thereof the Name or Names of some other Person or Persons,

Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom such Lands and Grounds do not belong, hath or have been by Mistake inserted \Loc.& Per. 31 iV therein

2.8ro 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 146.

therein; any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywifo notwithstanding.

she^hfbitn8: n ^urther enabled, That the said Commissioners may lay

ants with Pipes into the Houses or Offices of such of the Inhabitants of the said Town

Km*'tin"’ an^ Pir*(h fexcept as herein-after mentioned) as shall be desirous of

Rxt!^g 1 6 having the Water conveyed into the fame by the said Commissioners, or they the said Commissioners may authorize and empower such Inhabitants, at their own Expence, to open the Ground between the Pipes belonging to the said Commissioners and the respective Houses and Offices of such Inhabitants (except as herein-after mentioned), and to lay Leaden or other Pipes (the Bore thereof to be ascertained by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them) from such respective Houses or Offices to communi ate with the Pipes belonging to the said Commissioners in any

Street, L ane, Passage, or Place within the said Town and Parish, such respective Inhabitants making Satisfaction, in the Manner directed by the said recited Act, to the Owners and Occupiers of and Persons interested

in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall or may be injured by such Inhabitants, and also paying to the said Commissioners such Sum or Sums of Money for such Water, not exceeding the Rates herein-after mentioned, as the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall from Time to Time think proper; that is to say, the Occupier of every Dwelling House and Premises connected therewith, rated by virtue of the said recited Act at or underTwenty Pounds per Annum, the Sum of Twenty Shillings yearly, and rated as aforesaid at Twenty-one Pounds per Annum and upwards, the Sum of One Shilling yearly for every Twenty Shillings at which such House and Premises shall be rated; which Sums ffiail be paid quarterly in advance; and in case of default in Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Seven or more of them, to cause the Pipe or Pipes, although belonging to the Person or Persons making such Default, and communicating with any main Pipe or Pipes belonging to the said Commissioners, to be separated from the same Pipe or Pipes with which the same shall so communicate, and to cause the Water to be flopped from issuing or running into the House or Office of every Person making such Default; and that the Sum and Sums of Money which' shall be due and in Arrear from such Person or Persons to the said Commissioners shall and may be recovered by the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Persons liable to pay the fame, in the same Manner as Rents payable by any Lease may by Law be recovered j and if any Person shall lay or cause to be laid any Leaden or other Pipe to communicate with any main Pipe or other Pipe belonging to the said Commissioners, without such Consent having been obtained as aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day such Pipe shall so remain: Provided always, that such Inhabitants as shall have JaidLeaden Pipes as aforesaid, shall be at liberty to remove and take away the fame, and the Cocks thereto belonging.

fStant9Cf XI- And be it further enabled, That such Inhabitants or Occupiers of may aijrtc or within the said Town and Pariffias may exerciseor carry on the Trades miliioievs for or Businesses of Brewers or Distillers, Maltsters or Manufacturers, as shall

Water. . 8 be

28ir

48° GEORGII ill. Cap. 146.

bedefirous of having the Water laid into their respective Houses or Offices, may and are hereby authorized and empowered, at their own Expencej having first obtained the Consent in Writing of the said Commissioners*, to open the Ground between the Pipes belonging to the said ( ommissioners and the respective Brewhousesor Distilterits of such last mentioned Inhabitants or Occupiers respectively, and to lay Leaden Pipes, the Bore thereof to be ascertained by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, from such respective Brewhouses or Distilleries, to communicate with the said Commissioners Pipes in any Road, Street, Lane, Passage, or Place within the said Town and Parish, such Tespective Inhabitants or Occupiers thereof respectively paying to the said Commissioners, their Successors and Assigns, yearly, quarterly, or monthly, such Sum or Sums of Money for such Water as shall be ascertained and agreed upon between such last-mentioned Inhabitants and the said Commissioners; and in case of Default in Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money so to be ascertained and agreed to be paid as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Commis-oners to cause the Pipe or Pipes belonging to the Person or Persons making such Default, and communicating with any main Pipe or Pipes belonging to the said Commissioners to be separated from the Pipe or Pipes with which the same shall so communicare, and to cause the Water to be Hopped from issuing or running into the House or Offices of every or any such Person or Persons making such Default, and th2t the Sum and Sums of Money which shall be due and in Arrear from such Person. or Persons to the said Commissioners, shall and may be recovered from such Person or Persons in like Manner as any other Rates are herein dirededta be recovered; and if any such Inhabitant or Person respectively shall lay or cause to be laid any Leaden or other Pipe to communicate with any main Pipe or other Pipe belonging to the said Commissioners, without such Consent being obtained as aforesaid, every such Person shall forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners the Sum of Ten Shillings for every Day such Pipe shall so remain.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Surplus shall at any Time arise of the said Rates and Assessments, after paying the Imereft of the Money borrowed and the Expences of carrying this Act into Execution, the same shall be applied towards the Relief, Maintenance, and Support of the Poor of the said Parish of Woolwich, in such Manner as the said 'Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Inhabitant of the said Town and Parish, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, supplied with Water by virtue of this Act, shall supply any other Inhabitant thereof, or any other Person whatsoever, with any Part of such Water-that in every such Case every Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said Commissioners any Sum not exceediar Forty Shillings; and it shall also be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, if they shall so think fit, also to take off the Water from the House or Office of any Person fa offending for every such Offence.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend to Pubjed any Person or Persons whomsoever supplied with Water by virtu? of this Act, to any Penalty or Forfeiture, for

supply ing

Snrplus of the Rates to be applied to the Relief of the Poor.

Persons fnp-plied with Water under the Act not to supply others.

Except in certain Cafes,

38l2

Ba’1 r'ock$ to be provided it ('iiternt.

Penalty for

injuring the Water.

Water may be used for extin-guishing Fires.

Commissioners mav |>ur-chafe Ground for a Market without previ-

ehafing the old Market.

4&* GEORGII III. Cap. 146.

supp’ying any other Person or Persons, also supplied with Water by virtue of this Act, with any Quantity of such Water during such Time that the Pipes or Cocks of such last mentioned Person shall or may happen to be out of Repair, such ^ipef or Cocks nevertheless being repaired as loon as possible after any Damage shall happen thereto.

XV. And be it enacted, That every Person or Persons contracting with 1 the said Commissioners for the Supply of Water shall in every Water Butt, Cistern, or Receptacle for Water ro be p-ovided by the said Parties so contracting, attach and fix 2. Ball Cock to the Pipe conveying Water from the Pipes belonging to the said Commissioners into such Butt, Cistern, or other Receptacle (it required determined by the said Commissioners so to do), and to repair and renew the same as often as shall be necessary, in order to prevent the Water running to wade, when such Butt, Cistern, or other Receptacle shall be full, and such Person or Persons neglecting to attach and fix or to repair and renew such Ball Cock, dial I forfeit to the said Commissioners a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Offence; and any One of the laiJ Commissioners or the authorized Servant or Servants of the said Commissioners shall have free access (at all seasonable Times) ro the Premises so to be supplied as aforesaid, to fee that such Ball Cocks aie kept in proper and sufficient Repair and Condition.

XVI. And in order topreserve the Water to be conveyed into the said Town and Parish pure and wholesome, be it enacted, That no Person shall bathe in any of the said Reservoirs or Basons, or wash any Dogs or other Animals therein, or cast, throw, orput any Dog or Cat, or other Filth, Dirt, or any noisome or offensive Thing, or wash or clean any Cloth, or any Wool, Cotton, Linen, Leather, or any noisome or offensive Thing, in any of the said Reservoirs or B ffons, or suffer the Water of any Sink, Sewer, or Drain to run or be conveyed into the fame, or into any of the said Pipes, or cause any other Annoyance to be done to the Water thereof, upon Pain of forfeitirg to the said Commissioners for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and the said Commissioners, or ehher of them, or any other Person, without other Authority than this Act, may apprehend every such Offender, and him detain until he can be taken before a Magistrate, to be dealt wLh according to Law.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person and Persons whatsoever, at all Times to use and employ the Water which shall so as aforesaid be contained in the said Pipes, in extingui(king any Fire or Fires which may happen to any House or Building within the said Town and Parish. without making any Compensation or Satisfaction for the same to the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever; and that proper Fire Plugs, with painted Directions or Marks on the Houses and Buildings in the said Town and Parish, shall be provided at the Expence of the said Commissioners.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to treat, contract, and agree, with any Person or Persons whomsoever for the Purchase of aPiece of Ground within the said Town, not exceeding One Acre and a Half, or to take and accept a Lease thereof, for any Term not being left than

"Eighty

48° GEORGII III. Cap. >46. 2813

Eighty Years, at a full or nominal Ground Rent for the fame, and to ered a Market-house, Shambles, and other necessary Buildings thereon, as the said Ctimihissioners* or'any'Seven or more of them, shall think proper, without previously purthafing the present Market-house,

Shambles, arid Erections attached thereto; subject nevertheless to all the other Regulations, Rrovifibns; and Restrictions contained in the said recited Act, with respect to the Market and Shambles thereby authorized to be purchased or erected: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shal? ekfehcl,-or be construed to extend, to deprive the said Commissioners of the Powers given by the said Act of contracting and agreeing for the Purchase of the-present Market, Shambles, Buildings, and Erections attached thereto T Provided aho, that the said Commissioners may and they, are hereby empowered to take and accept a Lease of such last-mentioned Market, Shambles, Buildings, Erections, and Premises, if they should think it proper and expedient so to do.

XIX. And whereas His Majesty King James the First, by Letters Patent bearing Date the First Day of June in the Sixteenth Year of His Reign, did grant that Sir William Barne Knight, and Hugh Lydiard Esquire, and their Heirs and Assigns, should and might for ever thereafter have, hold, and keep, within the Town of Woolwich, and the Liberties and Precincts of the fame, one Market Day on the Friday in every Week, yearly, to be holden and kept, and also Two Fairs or Marts yearly, One on the First Day of June, and the other on the Feast Day of Saint Simon and Saint Jude, together with the incident separate Pie powder Courts, for the Time of the said Fails or Marts respectively to beheld, and with all Liberties and free Customs, Tollage, Sud’age, Piccage, Fines, Amerciaments, and all oihrr Profits, Commodities, Advantages, and Emoluments whatsoever, to the said Ma'kets, Fairs, or Marts, and Piepowder Courts belonging, appertaining, arising, or happening; and by the said Letters Patent Hrs said Majesty did ftri£Uy enjoin, charge, and command that the said Sir William Barne and Hugh Lydiard, their Heirs and Assigns, should have, hold, and keep the said Market and Fairs at the Times aforesaid, forever, together with the incident Piepowder Courts, and all and every Stallage, Tollage, Customs, Piccage, Fines, Amerciaments, Rights,

Juris i&ions, Privileges, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, and Emoluments whatsoever, to the said Market, Fairs, Marts, and Piepowder Court4- p naming, arising, happening, or in anywise due: Be ir therefore

enabled. That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons Lawfultotak* who for the Time being, or his, her, or their. Heirs and Assigns, is and are Toll*« entitled under the said Letters Patent to hold and keep a Market in the said Town of Woohcich, to demand and take for his, her, and their own Use and Benefit in the said Market so to be erected and established as aforesaid, from and after the fame Market shall be opened and uled, such and the like Tollage as he, (he, and they is and are enabled to take and receive by virtue of the said Letters Patent in the present Market.

XX. And be it further enacted, That such Market shall be holden on Market to be

the Wednesday and Saturday in each and every Week, (Christmas Days and "

Fast Days by Proclamation only excepted), during the Whole of such "

reipetlive Days.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in the said Act not to

recited Act or this Act contained, shall be deemed or construed to extend lur'K%n' of

r T c . . r\ Proprietor uf

\LoC. & 1 er.J 31 D to the Market

2814.

Commission-

unLvholefomc Meat, &c.

No Pipes, See. to be laid through Ground be-loneing to the Ordnance or

Expences of the Act.

PuUick Act.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 146.

to prevent or hinder the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to hold the Markets in the said Town of Woolwich by virtue of the said recited Letters Patent, from demanding, receiving, and enforcing Payment of the Tollage he, she, or they is and are enabled to take and receive by such Letters Patent, nor from exercising all or any of the Powers and Remedies thereby given and granted respecting the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the paffirg of this Act it shall and may belawfultoand for the said Commissioners, or any One of them, or any Person duly aphorized by any Seven or more of them, by any Writing under their Hands, to seize, take, and destroy any putrid, (linking, or unwholesome Meat or Victuals, which may be fold, exposed for or intended for Sale, in any Market, Shamble, Shop, or Place, within the said Town or Parish, and also any illegal Scales, Weights, Measures, or Beams, which may be used or found within the said Town or Parish; and may also seize, take, and give to the Poor of the said Parish any Bread which may be fold or exposed to Sale deficient in the Weight prescribed by Law, or which shall be made contrary to Law; and every Person having in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or who shall sell or expose for Sale any such unwholesome Meat or Victuals, or shall have in his Custody or Possession any such illegal Scales, Weights, Measures, or Beams, or any such Bread deficient in Weight, or made contrary to Law as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Reservoirs, Pipes, or other Works hereby authorized shall be made, laid, orerested, nor shall any Stones, Sand, Gravel, or other Materials for the Purposes of this Act be learched for, got, gathered, or taken away, in, upon, through, over, from, or out of any Land or Ground belonging to His Majesty, appropriated to or under the Directions of the Departments of His Majesty's Ordnance or Navy at Woolwich aforesaid, or to either of them, without the Content in Writing of any Three or more of the Principal Officers of His Majesty's Ordnance or Commissioners of the Navy respectively for the Time being, signified under their respective Seals of Office.

XXIV. And be it further enact~d, That all the Colls, Charges, and Fx-pences, ncident to or attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed out of the Firfi Rate or Rates to be made in pursuance of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be aPublick Act, and shall bejudic ally taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

anno quadragesimo octavo

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 147*

An Act for repairing the Road from Milford to Stain-ton., and to Merlin s Bridge, and from thence to Cartlet Bridge, and to the Top of Merlin s Hill, in the County of Pembroke.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed. in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for opening a new Road from 3 Milford in the County of Pembroke to Stainton, and for amending and widening the Road from the said new Road, through Stainton and Johnston to Merlin’s Bridge in the same County: And whereas the Trustees appointed to put the said Act into Execution, have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tells thereby granted, which {till remain due, and the said Road cannot be kept in good Repair; nor can the Money so due be repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and the Powers amended: And whereas it would be of great Convenience to the Neighbourhood, and of great public Utility, if the Line of Road from near Merlin*s Bridge in the County of Pembroke to Cartlet Bridge, which is over Merlin’s Hill, with an Ascent of Seven Inches in the Yard, and its Descent through High->treet in the Town and County of Haverfordwest, equally deep, where the Street is only Nine Feet wide, was rendered safe and commodious by going round its Base nearly on a Level, with very trifling Increase of Distance; and a new Read from Merlin’s Bridge aforesaid to the Top of Merlin’s Hill in the said Town and County, was made [Loc. & Per.] 31 P and

28*8 4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 1^7.

and repaired, and put under the Care of the Trustees for repairing the said Road; and a new Bridge was erected over the River Clydy at the Town of Haverfordwest: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with die Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Comfnons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of

Act lepcaled. the (June, That all the Tolls, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures*, Punishments, Exemptions, Clauses, Provisions, Matters and Things contained in the said Act shall, from and after the Day appointed for the Commencement of this Act, be. and the same are hereby repealed; and that from thenceforth the several lolls, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Punishments, Exemptions, Clauses, Matters, and Things herein contained, shall be put in Execution, and shall continue in Force during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of opening, amending, widening, keeping in Repair, and improving the Roads herein-after mentioned; and that this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be subject and liable to the Payment, as well of all Sums of Money now due and owing upon the Credit of the said Act, as of such other Sum or Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed for the Purposes of this present Act, and all Interest due, and to grow due, for the fame respectively.

Trustees.

II. And be it further enacted, That Joseph Adams, John Allen, William

Allen, Hugh Barlow, Joseph Foster Barham, the Honourable John Campbell, the Honourable George Pryfe Campbell, John Crymes, Lewis Child, William Davies, William Dobbins, John Herbert Foley, the Right Honourable Charles Francis Greville, the Honourable Robert Fulke Greville, John Higgon, John Hopkins, George Harris, Richard le Hunt, Richard James, John Jones Clerk of Stainton, John Jones Clerk of Huberston, the Right Honourable WilliAm Lord Kensington, Henry Leach, John Mirehouse, Thomas Morris, George Parry, George Phelps, John Phelps, Nathaniel Phillips, Benjamin Rotch, George Koch, Thomas Shaw, Gwynne Gill Vaughan, Thomas Williams, Thomas Wright, and the Mayor of the County of the Town of Haverfordwest for the Time being, and their Successors, to be appointed in the Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for making, keeping, and repairing the Road from Priory Pill which separates Huberston Making from Milford, through Stainton to Merlin's Bridge, and for opening, making, and repairing, a new Road from the lundion of Huherfton and Milford Roads, in a South-east Direction, making the northern Termination of the Pembroke Ferry Road, and from thence in a more easterly Direction across the Rivulet of Haroldston by the Priory to the South End of Quay Street, in the Town of Haverfordwest, and to open and widen Quay Street where necessary, including its northern Extremity which forms the East Boundary of Short Row, opposite Somers Lane, in the said Town, and for making and repairing a new Road from Merlin's Bridge aforesaid to the Top of Merlins Hill, with a Rife not exceeding Three Inches in a Yard, and for leaking and keeping in Repair a new Bridge of Stone, across the River Clydyj and the East Avenue thereunto, across a Marsh Field to the West End of Cart let Bridge, and for putting-this Act into Execution; and that when any-Trustee by this Act appointed, as herein-after mentioned, shall die, or shall'refuse to ad in the Execution of the Powers hereby granted, it shall be lawful for the Amoving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, under their Handa and 8eals to appoint a Tru’ftefc in the "Room of every Trustee dying, or *5 ‘ refilling

48 GEORGGII III. Cap. i 47. 2819

refusing to act, and every Person so appointed shall and may act in the Execution of this Act, as fully as any Trustee hereby appointed is

empowered to act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Width of the width of cer-

Road to be made along Somers Lane, leading to the new Bridge over the of

Clydy, shall not be leis than Thirty Feet; and from Somers Lane to the

South End of Quay Street shall be aS near as practicable Thirty Feet, but in no Part of the said new Road from Merlin's Bridge to Cartlet Bridge shall the fame be less than Twenty Feet in Width, if the Road shall be set out on the North Side of the Mill Leat which runs over the Haroldston Lands of Benjamin Jones Esquire; but should the Trustees set out the Road to the Southward of the Rivulet in the said Haroldston Lands, the whole Line of Road from Priory to Merlin's Bridge shall be Thirty Feet wide, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Corporation or ceitifkateof

Parishes of Haverfordwest shall deposit in the Office of the Clerk of the °eff whh

Peace, on or before the First Day of August next, for the Satisfaction of the cleriYof the Trustees, a Certificate, signed by a skilful Surveyor, that the said the Peace* Road, from Merlin's Bridge to the lop of Merlin s Hill, has been set out

and opened, and, when necessary,-shall be fenced by the Corporation or Parishes as aforesaid, and is conformable, without any Variation to the Line of the said Road described by the Letters B, M and C on the Plan, deposited, as herein-after mentioned, at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Pembrokei

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall Qualification be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he be of Trustee*. in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession

and Enjoyment or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments. of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of feme Person having such an Estate of the clear yearly Value of Eighty Pounds, or dial I be possessed of a Personal Estate to the Amount or Value of Eight hundred Pounds, nor shall any such Person be capable of acting in the Execution of this Act, favc and except in administering the Oath following to the other Trustees, until he, (not being such Heir Apparent as aforesaid),' shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following, before any Two or more of the said Trullees, who Are hereby authorized and required to administer the same, (that is to say):

‘ T do swear that I truly and bond fide Oath,

6 A am in my own Right [or, in Right of my Wife, as the Case may bej\

‘ lit the actual Possefliori or Enjoyment of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or possessed of a ‘ Personal Estate of the Amount or Value of Eight hundred Pounds.

'So help me GOD.'

And if any Person not so qualified shall presume to act as a Trustee in tile Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Actioti of Debt or on the Cafe; and every Person to prosecuted

shall

2&20 4S" GEORGII III. Cap. 147.

shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, upon Proof made of his having acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided neverthefeTs, that such Acts and Proceedings which shall have been done and performed by any such Person, touching the Execution of this Act, previous to his being convicted of the Offence before mentioned, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

fniflee; r.-.ay

VI. Provided also, That such of the said Trustees as are or shall be in net asjuitii.es* the ConmiiiTion of the Peace for the County of Pembroke, may nevertheless act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested, but no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, in any Case Where he shall be concerned in Interest, or during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act.

Meetings.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall meet on the Eighteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight at the Nelson Hotel in the Town of Milford, within the said County, and shall proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall and may then, and from Time to Time afterwards, adjourn themselves, and afterwards meet at the fame or any other Place or Places, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper and necessary for putting this A Ct into Execution; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear, at any Meeting appointed to be holden in pursuance of this Act, a sufficient Number of Trustees to act, or to adjourn to another Day, then the Clerk to the said Trustees shall adjourn such Meeting to some Day, from the Day on which such Meeting was appointed to be holden, and shall cause Notice thereof to be affixed on all the Turnpikes which shall be erected by virtue of this Act, at least Ten Days before the Day to which such Meeting shall be so adjourned; and the said Trustees, at their Meetings, shall defray their own Expences; and all Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act shall be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not otherwise, and no such Order or Determination shall be valid, unless the Majority of the Trustees present at a Meeting shall concur therein, such Majority not being less than the Number of Trustees by this Act authorized to make such Order or Determination, nor shall any such Order or Determination be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Ten or more Trustees shall be present, and concur therein; provided nevertheless, that Two Trustees shall be sufficient for the Purposes only of adjourning the Meetings of the Trustees.

Trustees may

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five appoint of- or more of them, may and are hereby authorized and impowered, from ficers. Time to Time, by Writing under their Hands to continue or appoint a

Clerk, Treasurer. and Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Eoads, and also such Collectors of the Tolls hereby granted; and such other Offieeis, as Security to think necessary or proper, and any such Clerk, Treasurer,

betaken from Surveyor, Collectors, and other Officers, from Time to Time to remove and coUecrer or difPlace’ as the Y &aI1 think fit; and the said Trustees, or any Five or for*. ec" more of them, shall and are hereby required to take such Security from

' every

2821

*v«

t a such afidil*

My Cits

MUl

iWaJ Miifiri, kii A3, adjourn late or ilia; i;U

i, or 11 iiijoin it* ms oa ill dl Tea I; and; and a£ this t, and

taein, as A3 'foci sing, pro-joses

five fa® nr a aid

, a*

IB)

0‘

id

p

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 147.

every such Treasurer and Collector* for the due and faithful Execution of his Office, as they shall think proper, and may and are hereby authorized and impowered, out of the Money anting by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay to every such Clerk, 1 reasurer. Surveyor, Collector, and other Officer to be appointed as aforesaid, and to such other Persons as shall be employed in or about the Execution of this Act, such Salaries or other Allowances, for their Attendance, Care, and Services therein, as to the said Trustees shall seem reasonable; but no Person shall be capable of No v;<ftual. holding any Place of Profit under the said Trustees who shall left any ,i«t ro hold a Ale, Wine, or Spirituous Liquors, by Retail; and every Treasurer, £^rt°/r Collector, and other Officer and Person, who shall be employed in the An. Receipt and Expenditure of any of the Money which shall be collected or received by virtue of this Act, shall from Time to Time, as often as thereunto required by the said 1 rustees, or any Five or more of them, produce and give to the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or to such Person as they shall appoint, a true and perfect Account, in Writing under his Hand, of all the Money which he shall have collected or received, and how and to what Uses the lame hath been paid and applied, together with proper Receipts and Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Money as shall remain in his Hands to such Person as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, shall direct and appoint, and every such Officer and other Person shall verify every such Account upon Oath, if thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (which Oath any Two of the said Trustees are hereby impowered to administer); and in case any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to pay the Money which shall appear to remain in his Hands, according to the Directions of this Act, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Person shall be or reside, to make Enquiry touching such Neglect or Refusal in a summary Way, as well by the Confession of the Party, as by the Oath of any credible Witness,

(which Oath such Justices are hereby impowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward,) and by Warrant under their Hands and Seals to cause such Money as shall appear to them to be due and unpaid, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, rendering the Overplus, (if any,) after the Money remaining due, and the Charges of making such Distress and Sale, shall be deducted; and if sufficient Distress cannot be found, or if it shall appear to any such Justices in Manner aforesaid, that any such Officer or other Person shall refuse, or wilfully neglect to give such Account, or to verify the fame in Manner as aforesaid, or to deliver up to the said Trustees, or to such Person as they or any Five or more of them shall appoint, within Five Days next after being the reunto required by the said Trustees, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of his Office, or of this Act, such Justices shall commit him to the common Gaol, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall make and give a true and perfect Account, and verify the fame in Manner aforesaid, and shall have paid the Money (if any) remaining in his Hands as aforesaid, according to the Direction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or compounded with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for such Money, and paid such Composition according to their Direction, or until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, which said Composition the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, are hereby impowered. to make and receive $ but no such Officer [Lor. & Per.] 3‘ C. who

2822

Trustees ma erect Turnpikes

and collect Tolls.

Tolls,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 147.

who shall be committed on account of his not having sufficient Goods and Chattels as aforesaid, shall be detained in Prison for any longer Time than Six Calendar Months: Provided always, that when any Collector of the said Tolls shall die, or become incapable of performing his Duty, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees, al though not assembled at a Meeting in pursuance of this Act, by Writing under their Hands to appoint a Person to be Collector of such Tolls, and the Person so appointed shall have the like Power and Authority for the cclleding, receiving, and recovering thereof, as the Person he shall succeed was inverted with, until the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, at a Meeting to be holden by virtue of this Act, appoint a Collector of the said Tolls, any Thing hereinbefore contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five of more of them, shall and may cause to be continued or erected, such Turnpikes upon or across such Parts of the said Road, between Priory Pill, near the said Town of Milford and Cartlct Bridge aforesaid, and at or near the Sides of the said Road, across any Lanes or Ways leading into the said Road, as they shall think proper, and also a Toll House to every such Turnpike, (if they think necessary,) and shall and may incloseany adjoining Part of the said Road, to be used as a Garden to every such Toll House; and shall cause to be demanded and taken at every such Turnpike the following Tolls, before any Cattle or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say,)

For every Horse or other Beast of Draught drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Curricle, Chaise, Cala/h, or other such like Carriage or Hearse, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse or other Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And

For every Person on Foot passing over the River Clydy, and the new Bridge near Cartlet Bridge the Sum of One Half-penny:

Which said respective Tolls shall be and are hereby verted in the said Trustees for the Purposes of this Act; and if any Person subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall, after Demand thereof made by any Collector of the Tolls to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for such Collector to seize and distrain any Carriage, or any Horse, or other Beast or Cattle, upon or in respect of which any such Tolls are by this Act imuofed, and to detain the fame until such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges-of detaining and keeping such Horse or other Beast or Cattle, shall be paid; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress, and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be paid within the Space of Five Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so seizing and distraining shall and may fell the Carriage, or the Horse

or

2% 2%

4Sg GEORGII III. Cap. 147.

or other Bead or Cattle, so seized and distrained, rendering the Overplus (if any,) on Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls, and all reasonable Charges shall be deducted.

X. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no more than the Sum of To’! oncw. Three Farthings shall be demanded or taken for every Florfe, or other r*f*'CoJv Beast drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage laden only

with Coal or Culm, 01 Lime, or Manure, which shall pass over Merlin's Bridge to or from the Pembroke Ferry Road, or between Cart lei Bridge and the new Bridge over the Clydy; nor more than One Half Toll for every Horse or other Beall drawing any such Carriage laden as aforesaid between the Junction of the Huberston, Milford, and Pejiibroke Roads and Quay Street as aforesaid.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Tolls shall be taken on ^oll ^ot to the said new Road from Merlin's Bridge by Priory to Haverford'wcjl afore- certain* said, until the said Road shall be made; or on the Road from Merlin's 'ce*

B ridge to the Top of Merlin's Hill aforesaid, until such Road is made;

nor at the West End of Cartlet Bridge, until the New Bridge over the Clydy is built and made passable for Carriages.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Turnpikes and Toll Turnpike* Houses, and the Materials of which the same shall consist, and all Mate- ruv;l } rials and other 1 hings which shall be provided or purchased by the said ^Trust^cs! Trustees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, for the Purposes of this Act,

shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered to cause any Actions to be brought in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, or to direct the preferring of Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall dig up, break, or pull down, Heal, take, or carry away, spoil, injure, or destroy any such Turnpike or Toll House, or any Part thereof, or any of the Materials or other Things which shall be provided or purchased as aforesaid.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be subject to the To'l to be Payment of more than One Toll on any Day, to be computed from pa,d. Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding 3 ’ Night, for passing through all or any of the Turnpikes to be erected at or near the Side of the Road from Milford to the Junction of the Milford and Huberston and Pembroke Roads near Merlin's Bridge, or more than One Half Toll at any Turnpike to be erected on the said New Line of Road between the Junction of Milford and Huberston and Pembroke Roads, and the South End of Quay Street, or the Top of Merlin's Hill, nor more than One Toll at the Ealt Avenue of the New Bridge over the River Clydy, near Cartlet Bridge.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That Tickets, marked Milford, shall be delivered at the Gates between Milford and the New Line of Road near Merlin's Bridge, and Mi ford Priory, or Milford Merlin's Hill, at the Gates on the said New Line of Road to the South End of Quay Street, or to the lop of Merlin's Hill, and Haverfordwest, and Cartlet Bridge, on the Tickets delivered at the Gate or Gates at or near the New Bridge over the Clydy; and the said distinct Tickets are hereby directed to be

!3 delivered

Toll Ticket a Gates.

2824

Tolls may be lessened.

Exemptions.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 147.

delivered by the Collectors gratis, that no one may claim or be entitled to Exemption for or by reason of having paid Toll at any other Gate or Turnpike in the different Distri&s erected and distinguished by virtue of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, with the Consent of such Person or Persons as shall be entitled to Five-sixths Parts or more of the Money which shall be then due and owing upon the Credit of the said Tolls, to lessen cr reduce all or any of the said Polls for such Time or Times as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think proper, and may afterwards from Time to Time advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced, to any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the respe-ffive Rates hereinbefore mentioned; and such reduced or advanced Tolls shall and may be collected, levied, and recovered in such and the same Manner as th e Tolls hereby granted are directed to be collected, levied, and recovered: Provided nevertheless, that no such Alteration shall be made in any of the said 'Polls unless Ten Days previous Notice at the least of the Meeting to be holden for that Purpose shall have been given in some Newspaper published or circulated within the said County.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be charged with or subject to the Payment of any of the Paid Tolls for or in respect of any Carriages employed in carrying or conveying any Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, or any other Roads or Highways within any of the Parishes within which the said Road doth lie, or any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, not sold or disposed of, but to be laid up in the Houses, Out-houses, Barns, Yards, or Backfides of the Owners thereof, within the same Parish; or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry; or for or in respect of any Horses, or other Cattle or Sheep, going to or returning from Pasture or Watering-places; or any Carriages or Horses employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Podmaster General; or for or in respect of any Carriage, Horse, or other Bead; carrying any of the Inhabitants of the said Parishes, on a Sunday, to or from any Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship, licensed by Law, to which they usually resort; or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried within any of the said Parishes; or carrying any Clergyman, or licensed Minister, going to or returning from visiting any Pick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty; or for any Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty; or for any Carriage, Horses or other Beads or Cattle, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any Pick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; or for any Carriage or Horse carrying Vagrants lent by legal Passes; or carrying any Person to or from any Election of a Knight of the Shire or Member to serve in Parliament for the County of Pembroke, the Borough of Pembroke, or the Town and County of Haverfordwest, during the Time of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; or for any Carriage, Horse, or other Bead: or Cattle, unless the same shall pass for the Space of One hundred Yards upon some Part of the said Road: Provided also, that if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit

Of

48° GEORGII III. Gup. 147* 2825

of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Penalty on Persons shall with any Carriage or Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, pass the

through any Land or Ground adjoining or lying near to any Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Act, (the fame not being a public Highway,) or if the Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground, fnaU knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons, with any Carriage or Horse, or other Beast or Cattle, to pass through the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the said Toils shall be avoided, or if any Person shall give to or receive from any Person, other than the Collectors of the said Tolls, any Ticket by this Act directed to be given by the said Collectors, or shall forge or counterfeit any such Ticket, or make Use of any such forged or counterfeited Tickets, knowing the same to be forged or counterfeited, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall be avoided, or if any Person shall forcibly pass through any of the said Turnpikes with any Carriage or Horse, or other Beast or Cattle, without Payment of the Tolls for the fame, or shall take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse, or other Beast or Catde, from any Carriage, or leave, or cause to be left, upon or near to any Part of the said Roads any Horse, or other Beast or Cattle, or any Goods, and shall thereby avoid the Payment of any of the said 'Tolls, every Person offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid shall, for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof one Moiety shall be paid to the Informer.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Tolls may be and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered at any Meeting* ler* upon Twenty Days Notice being given in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be (landing on the said Roads, to let or farm the said Tolls to b6 collected by-virtue of this A Cl, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons at and for the largest yearly Sum that can be reasonably got for the fame, provided that the Leases, Contracts, or Agreements of, or for the fame, be in Writing, and be duly executed, by the Person or Persons taking or farming such Tolls, and also by the said Trustees, but the same shall not be let for more than Three Years at any one Time; and the Rent which shall be 'agreed to be paid for the said Tolls shall be made payable and shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, so that one Quarterly Payment of such Rent shall always be in Advance, or sufficient Security given for the Payment of such Rent to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in Default thereof every such Lease, Contract, or Agreement shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That during such Time. as. the said Le{rees f Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof shall be leased, demised, ;or in farm to Toiffmay any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for ?PPoint V{r the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Persons as ceilVtle*' he or they shall by Writing or Writings, under his or their Hand or Hands faH!C-authorize or appoint, to demand and take the said Tolls so leased, demised, or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof, to all Intents and Purposes as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said [Loc. & Per.'] 31 R ' Trustees

2826 GEORGII III. Cap. 147.

Trustees is hereby authorized and empowered to demand, take, and recover the fame; and such Lessee or Lessees. Farmer or Farmers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid so demanding and taking the said I oils, shall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is subject or liable to.

For settling

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen about Disputei con* the Amount of the Tolls, or the Charges of making, keeping, or felling caning Tolls. Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person so distraining, to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof (as the Case may happen) till the Amount of the 1 oils due and the Charges of the Distress and Sale and of keeping the Distress be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the said County, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and all’o artels the Charges of such Distress and keeping, or Sale of the fame, and of the Collector’s Attendance for that Purpose upon the said Justice; all which Sums so determined or assessed shall be paid to the said Collector before he shall be obliged to return the said Distress, or the Overplus, after Sale thereof, or any Part thereof.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to coiled the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being so appointed, or being paid to collect the Tolls, or acting or being paid to ad under the Authority of the said Trustees.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, with any Horse, Cattle, Beast. or Carriage, pass through any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, lying near any Turnpike or Toll Gate which shall be continued or erected by virtue of this Act (the fame not being a public Highway) j or if any Owner or Occupier of such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons, with any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage whatl'oever, to pass through the fame; or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person or Persons, or forge or counterfeit any Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, by this Act directed to be given, with Intention to evade, or whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, may and shall be evaded; or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently pass through any such Turnpike or Toll Gate with any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, with* out Payment of Toll; or shall take off or cause to be taken oft' any Horse, Beast, or other Cattle, from any Carriage; or having parted through any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be continued or erected, by virtue of this Act, shall afterwards add or put an additional Horse or Hories, Beast or Beasts, to such Carriage, with Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls; or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near any Part of the said Rqads any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or other Beasts, with Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; or shall with such Intent, unload any Goods from or out of any Carriage, or in any other Manner

whatsoever

private Paf. sages, or evading Tolls.

2827

°«kj

!(%

sill be

iloij

filing

®g,to

»4t

|K0f

1 loot

ade»

Parties of At % or r upon ed to Js,or

ir, or l<, tit fa or all not p, aid to in of

with

inds,

dike

itibtac

s, or

so»!t

ttii 1 be any

tilt*

A

m

A

h

jOt #1

sit

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 1+7.

whatsoever evade or attempt to evade the Payment of any of the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken; every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power to hor-Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to borrow and take up at Interest ,vw Mwuy* such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think fit, upon the Credit of the said Tolls, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to mortgage or assign over the said Tolls, or any Part thereof (the Charges of such Mortgages or Assignments to be paid out of the said l olls) to any Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security for the Re-payment of the Money that shall be so borrowed, with the Interest thereof; which Mortgages or Assignments may be in the Form or to the Effect following:

6 RY v*rtuc°f an Act of Parliament, made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [insert the Title of ‘ the Ad] we, whose Names are hereunto subscribed, being Trustees for c putting in Execution the said Act, in Consideration Qf the Sum of

now advanced and paid by A.B. do hereby assign unto the said

‘ A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum of

‘ doth or shall bear to the whole Sum advanced or to be advanced on the Credit of the said Tolls, 4o hold unto the said A.B. his Executors, Ad^ c ministrators, and Alligns, during the Continuance of the said Act, re-‘ deemable, nevertheless, by the said Trustees, on Payment of the said

Sum of , with Interest after the Rate of

‘ for One Hundred Pounds by the Year. In witness whereof we have

hereunto set our Hands and Seals this Day of .*

And all such Mortgages or Assignments shall be valid and effectual in the Law, and Copies thereof shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees; but Notice in Writing of every Meeting for borrowing Money as aforesaid, shall be affixed on the several Turnpikes which shall be then (landing on the said Roads, at lead Fourteen Days before such Meeting; and all and every Person and Persons to whom such Assignments or Mortgages shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may, from Time to Time, transfer the fame, and his and their Right, Title, and Interest to the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by a separate Instrument, or by indorsement on such Security, in the Form, or to the Effect following;

I A.B. do hereby transfer the within Mortgage, [_if by indorsement,"] ‘ A or [if by a separate Instrument,] a certain Mortgage bearing Date the

Day of of the Tolls arising by virtue of an A&. of

Parliament made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George ‘ the Third, intituled, [insert the Title of the Act] and all my Right and ‘ Title to the Principal Money and Interest thereby secured, unto G, D, c his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns. Dated this

Day of .*

And

+8* GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 147.

And every such Transfer shall be valid and effectual in the Law, and dull be produced and notified to the said Clerk, who shall cause an Entry to be made thereof, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money, in the Book or Books to be kept for entering the original Securities, for which the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and 110 more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer dial I entitle the Person or Persons to whom the fame diall be made, his, her, or their 'Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit therebf and Payment thereon; and it shall not.be in the Power of any Person making any such Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or any Money thereby due; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Assignments, or Transfers shall be made as aforesaid, diall be, in Proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on the said Tolls in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing any such Money, or the Dates of any such Mortgages or Assignments.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees, at their several Meetings, diall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings! so entered and signed by a competent Number of the Trustees, (as the Case shall require,) or by their Clerk by their Order, diall be deemed to be Originals; and which said Book or Books, and also the Book or Books to be kept for registering the aforesaid Mortgages, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

f'

XXV. And be it further enacted, That out of the first Money arising by the Tolls which shall be collected by virtue of this Act, or by or out of the first Money which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, in the first Place, pay and defray the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act; and after Payment thereof, all the Money which shall arise* or come to the Hands, Ctiltody, or Power of the said Trustees or their Treasurer, by virtue of this Act, diall, from Time to Time, be applied in erecting Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and in repairing and amending the Road from Priory Pill at 'Milford, to Merlin*s Bridge; in making and repairing a new Road from Merlin’s Bridge to the 'Top ot Merlin’s Hill, and in opening, amending, widening, and repairing a new Road and Bridge between the Junction of Hubefjton. and Milford Road, and the South End of Quay Street, and in widening the fame and Somers Lane; and in making and repairing a new Bridge over the River Clydy, and the Avenues thereunto, from the West End of Cartlct Bridge, and in defraying all necessary Colts, Charges, and Expences attending the fame, and the Execution of this Act, and to no other Purposes whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to make land repair, and from Time to Time, widen, divert, shorten, vary, and alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through any Waste Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, without .-snaking Satisfaction for the fame; and also through any private Grounds or Hereditaments, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons ifiterested therein, for the Damages they shall fultain thereby; and for that 13 - Purpose

28 29

48° GEORGII 1IL Gap. 147.

Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of, and Persons interested in, any Lands or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees shall judge necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course, or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through such Lands or Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic,

Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, or Feoffees in Trull, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their ccjiuique Trusts, whether Femes Covert, Infants, or Issue unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be feil'cd of or interested in their own Right, and to and foi all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in any such Lands or Hereditament"; to contract with the said Trustees for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to sell and convey unto them all or any such Lands or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be so made shall be valid, to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Poli:ic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Husbands,

Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Persons shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall lawfully do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XXVII. And whereas a Map or Plan describing the Line of the said Road leading from the Junction of the Uvbcrston and Milford Road, to Cartlet Bridge, and the Road from Merlin's Bridge, to the 'Fop of Merlin's Hill, and the Lands through which the fame leads, together with a Book, of Reference cent, ining a List of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Pembroke; be it therefore enacted, That the said Map or Plan ami Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk, of the Peace for the said County, to the End that all Persons may, at all reasonable Times, have Liberty to insped and peruse the fame, and to

-take Copies or Extracts thereof at the-r Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy-two Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and that the said Trustees in making the said Road shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards, of Thtee Feet each, from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, through whose - Landseor Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may TruVs rmy be lawful to and for the said Trustees to make the said Neiy Pieces of Road ,n:,kc R,<u*s into, through, across, or over the several Lands or Grounds of any Per- GrJulis foil or Persons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners of Land over al the

[Loc.l$ Pei\~] 31S which N^ut^aic

For rest Moire the Trustees from,

Distanc's of the Line deferred in the Plan,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 147;

which the fame is fct out and described as aforesaid, although - the Nanic or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, and be certified by Writing under their Hands* that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee 1'ail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or lives, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, or n y other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands or.Hereditaments upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House, or Dwelling-houses, Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons or of the principal Officer or Officers of any such Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of Lands or Hereditaments through which any Part of the said Roads is intended to be made* widened, diverted, turned, or altered, shall, for the Space of Six Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees shall cause such Damage, Value, or Recompence to be inquired into and ascerfained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County, from the Neighbourhood of the Place where such Lands and Hereditaments do lie, and in order thereto the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before such Jury and examine upon Oath all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined concerning the Premises, (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer); and such Trustees shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as for the said JurV^s Information in the Premises; and after the said Jury shall have enquired or and assessed such Damage and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners or other Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, according to the Verdi&or Inquisition of such Jury; and such Verdict or Inquisition, Order and Determination thereon, shall be final, binding, and conclusivr, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming or to claim any Estate in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder in Fee, or in Fee Tail general or special, cr for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absent as present. Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots, and Persons under any other Disability whatsoever, Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, as well as all and every other Person and Persons whom soever; and for summoning and returning such Juries, the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of Pembroke, requiring him to impannei, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons from the Neighbourhood of the Plac£ where such Lands and Hereditaments lie, qualified to serve upon Juries, to appear before the said Trustees or any Two or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required tp impannei, summon, and return

an" GEORG! I III. Cap. 147.

283*

ft*ch Number of Personii accordingly, and out of the Persons so impannelledi

summoned, and returned, or out 6f such of them as shall appear upon such Summons the said Trust'ees shall and they are hereby empowered and required ro swear, or cause to be sworn Twelve Men, who shall be a Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, to the Number of Twelve, and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, and the said '1 rustees acting in the Premises Trufaes mrty shall have Power, from Time to Time, to impose any reasonable Fine or hnpof Pints Fines upon such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiff or Bailiffs, Agent Jurymen, or or Agents, making default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons Witneiks, that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and who shall not ap- oC^iTlt. pe;ir or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act. and on any of the Persons w ho being required Jo give Evidence before the said Jury, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence,\or shall otherwise wilfully misconduct themfcives in giving their Evidence, so'that no One Fine be more than Five Pounds on any One Person for One Offence.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Juries to be fhePj",cves:,nd summoned and sworn pursuant to the Directlons or Authority of this Act, witness«| (Ira 11 give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Re- h°Jjto be competice or Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Property of arjy Person P or Persons in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Loss «r Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall hivebqen.agreed to and offered by the ~said: Trustees before the summoning arid re:uming of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recomperice or Satisfaction , for any such.

Right, Interest, or Property, or for any Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then and lit such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expellees attending the hearing'arid determining of such Difference, shall be. borne, and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees, out of any Money which' shall then be in his Hands, or out of any Monies to be received by virtiiq of this. Act $ but if any Jury- or Juries so summoned and sworn ag aforesaid, (half give in and deliver a1 Verdict or Assessment for rio more or less Money, than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said, Trustees before the lurtimdning or returning of the Laid Jury or Juries, as a. Recompeh.ce and Bgtiffaftffn fob any fticlr Right, Intefcft, or Properly in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or Losses or Damages as afmvsaid, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said ‘Jury and Witnesses, affd all other;

E'xpences as aforesaid, shall be borne or paid by the Iff r Ion or Periops With whom the said Trustees fTiall have such Coritroversy or Difpuje.j which fold Coirs and Expences having been ascertair.ed and (settled by some Justice of the Peace for the said County, not Interested in the Matter ip Qfrcftion, (who is hereby required to;cxami:ie'and settle the lame,) , shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, us fp much Money advanced tfi and for the Die of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the\ Remainder.of idqh Monies (hah be deemed and taken to all Intents ard Purposes to be a PaAnent c: Tender of the

’whole

2833

Money allox. ed for Lands

or tendcted.

TrUftees not to take down Houfts.

Trustees em* pa wered to fell Ground not wanted for the Purposes oi t.iis Act,

Persons whefe Lands adjoin

Preference

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 147.

whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Cofb and Expences, in case the fame be not paid upon demand after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by the Wap and Means herein-after mentioned or provided for the Recovery of Penalties or Forfeiture: Provided always, that in all cases where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating about such Recpmpence or Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Coils and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money or Recompence to be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Tolls by this Act granted, or out of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, to the Party or Parties respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents; and upon Payment thereof, cr in any case of Refusal to accept the fame, or the Parties not being to be met with, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, for the Use of such Parties or Persons respectively, to be thereafter disposed of as herein-after directed; and after Twenty Days Notice thereof given to such Parties or Persons, or to their Agerts, or left at their respective usual Places of Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants in Polfeftion of such Lands or Hereditaments, then such Lands or Hereditaments shall be laid into and made Part of the said Roads, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, and shall be by them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, sufficiently drained, ditched, fenced, and set out for that Purpose, and shall to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever become and be deemed and taken to be a common Highway, and be from thenceforth Part of the said Roads for ever thereafter.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Power or Authority by this Act given to the said Trustees shall extend to the taking down or injuring any Dwelling-houses or other Buildings, or to the taking in of any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or Plantation or Nursery of Trees, or of any Part or Parts thereof, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietors thereof first had and obtained.

XXXIII. And whereas by reason of the Purchases which the said Truf* tees are empowered and required to make by virtue of this Act, or by reason of the diverting of some Part or Parts of the said Roads, they may happen to be seised of some Piece or Parcel of Ground over and above what shall be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sell and dispose of such Pieces or Parcels of Ground, either together or in Parcels as they shall find most convenient and advantageous, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the fame: Provided always, that the said Trustees, before they shall sell and dispose of any Piece or Parcel of Ground as aforesaid, shall offer the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have been purchased; or where the same shall arise by reason of diverting any Part or Parts of the said Roads, then to the Person or Persons whefe Lands shall adjoin thereunto and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree, (except with respect to and on account of the Price thereof

as

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 147.

as herein-after mentioned), or shall refute (except with respect to and on. Account of the Price thereof,) to purchase or re-purchase the fame respectively, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Mailer Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His MajestyL Justices of the Peace for the said County, (who are hereby respectively empowered to take the fame,) by some Person or Persons no Way inte-relled in the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, Hating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refilled by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was lb offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shall be defiro us of purchasing or re-purchasing the fame, and he, she, or they and the said Trustees shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner herein-before directed with respect to disputed Value of Premisesto be purchased by the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with respect to such Purchases made by the said Trustees mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale Or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such Piece or Parcel of Road or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be anfiverable or accountable for any Misapplication or Non-application of such Money.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Apri or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- J*/ chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes if am thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lu- to 20 natic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in this Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with tile Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrance or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and irivelled, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said-Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall iLoc. & Per.] 31 T be

2834 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 147.

be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchases shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Under aooi.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money and above sol. so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased. taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act, (rtlch Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in Manner herein before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

Application

XXXVI. Provided also and be it further enacted, That where such whci cleft than jvyjcney so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In case of not

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That In case the Person or Per-

lhfe?S*cC sons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid

as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance

or

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 147. 2835

or Conveyances, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, cr Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing the m) subject to the Order,- Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery *, which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of proceeding or otherwise, as to the lame Court shall feera meet, to order the ft me to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to order Diffribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashieis of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any R{spec?Sn* Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be

paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the ,l !'s’ Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, for the purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Portession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Portession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Portession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXXIX. Provided also and be it further enacted, That where by rea- The Court of son of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation Chancery may entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased Payment of under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be Expenca.' required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of

2836 4-S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 147.

of other Lands, Tenements* or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable/^gether with the necessary Colls and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to lime pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

MonitorXL. And be it further enacted, That in case any Body or Bodies Cor-Cartict porate, or any Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter be disposed

Umtge. to give to the Public, and to the Town of Haverfordivcji, an Exemption

from Toll at the New Bridge over the River Clydy, near Curt let Bridge, and actually tender and pay to the said Trustees, or any Five of them, at a Special Meeting convened for the Purpose, after Notice being published as aforesaid, any Sum or Sums of Money, hot less in Amount than the Expence which shall have been incurred in erecting the said Bridge and making the Avenues thereunto, and in the Purchase of Land or Houses for opening the New Line of Road by Priory to Cartlet Bridge, and shall engage to keep the said New Bridge and the Avenue to Cartlet Bridge in Repair; which the said Trustees are hereby authorized and required to accept and apply the fame towards liquidating their Debt, and after Two Months Notice thereof having been given by the said Trustees, the Tolls payable by virtue of this Act at or near Cartlet Bridge shall cease and determine.

Tre^furer ro

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer to the said Truf-Srunts*1*AC* tees Month of June in every Year, during the Continuance

of this Act, cause his Accounts for the preceding Twelve Months of all Monies received and disbursed, after the fame have been audited as aforesaid, and allowed by the Trustees to be printed in Abstract for the Trustees and Creditors, or a fair written Copy of the General Account, attested at a Meeting of the Trustees, to be delivered to such Creditor or Creditors as shall require the same.

Saving ebufe,

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to alter, lessen, or take away, or otherwise affect any Privileges, Benefit, or Jurisdiction, granted by the said recited Act, passed in the Thirtieth Year of his present Majesty, or in any Manner belonging to the late Sir William Hamilton Knight of the most Honourable Order of the Bath, and Lord of the Manors and Liberties of Huberston and Pill, his Heirs and Assigns, except only the Power to the Trustees to make the Road from Milford to Stainton, and to repair the same.

Allowing

XLIII. And whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, That in con-^appointlle flderation of Sir William Hamilton Knight of the Bath, and of William Lord Survey or jof Kensington on the Requisition of the Trustees making up any Deficiency of Roads. the gum subscribed for carrying the said Act into Execution; that it should be lawful for the said Sir William Hamilton and William Lord Kensington, and their Heirs and Assigns, to nominate and appoint the Surveyor for the said Road, until such Time as the Money so advanced should be repaid: And whereas the whole Sum so required was advanced and paid, and Securities

were

71 Hi

1;s»p»

Cot.

?%6j

!l lion,

liaaijK so’ge and ^Hoiifes ad flail

.7 3rjdjr{ ped to to Two he Tolls ale and

i;d Tmf. alliance iso/all s afore-Mees ceiled tors as

n this away, 37 tie oris

ics of,) the the

48" GE, ORGII [II. Cap. 147. 2S37

were granted by the said Trustees for the fame, which are now vested in the High* Honourable Charles Francis Grevil/e: Be it therefore enacted, that the Right Honourable Charles Francis Gre--> IU^ Ills Heirs and Assigns, shall have the Power to nominate arid appoint, and remove the Surveyor or Surveyors for the said Road, until such Time as the Money advanced on that Condition, under the Act hereby repealed, shall be repaid, any Thing in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That it IT,:.11 and may be lawful to and Ft settfoR for die Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, and to and for all such Persons as he or they respectively {lull appoint, to search for, cut, dig, Rosd. get, gather, and take away any Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads, Bridget,’or Drains, out of and from any Common or Wade Ground, River, Brook, crPit, in any Parifih, Township, Hamlet, Division, District, or Place in which any Part of the Roads hereby directed to be made, amended, and repaired shall lie, or in any Neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet,

Division, District. or Place, without paying any 'l’hing for the fame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or floping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or Railing or Fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle, and also that such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, may (except as herein-after excepted,) by order of the said Trustees, (such Order to be made at some Meeting of the Trustees to be holder, in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors attested and signed by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees,) search for, cut, dig, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, off, from, and out of the Private Lands, Fields or Grounds of any Person or Persons where the fame may be had or found, (such Lands, Fields* or Grounds not being a Garden. Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees,) making or tendering such Satisfaction for the fame, and for any Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the fame {Hall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads shall be carried according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Grounds as the said 1 rustees shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers or any of them, concerning t c Value of inch Materials a id Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County where such Materials shall be fo1 rut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away, on Four Days Notice there, f in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to' hear, settle and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages, and the Judgment or Order of the said Justices shall be final and coaclusive to all Parties.

the

XLV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall not be hyice f0 ?,e

jd lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons acting f ivt.n u.-

jes under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away L-ad^berore

sf [Lcc.^fPer.'J 31 U any

2838

penary on taking awa; Materials l*tUy

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 147.

any Materials for repairing such Roads out of or from any Inclored Lands-or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor or Surveyors, shall have been given to the Owner and Occupy r of the Premises from which such Materials are in; ended to be taken, or left for such O'-: er and Occupier at their respective usual Places of Residenee,-to appear before the Laid Trustees, or Two or more Justices of the Peace: ding for the County where such Premises shall be situate, to shewGause why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in ca!e such Owner or Occupier, or One of them, or their or his /gent, shall attend pur haunt to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then the said Trustees, or such Justices shall and may authorize such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons to dig, get, gather, and carry, away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to the said Trustees or such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Owner or Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees, or :uch Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as ii such Owner or Occupier, or his Agent had attended.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall take away any Stone or Materials which shall have been dug or gathered by, or by the Order of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, for the Purpose of making or amending the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof; or shall get or take away any Stone, Gravel, or Materials, out of any Pit or Quarry, which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Roads, or any Par t or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen, shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Six Weeks, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground wherein such Pit or Ouarry shall have been so made, and Pe.Tofts authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Use only, and not for Sale,) every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Surveyors to

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to make £>ia;ns, an(j for gurvey0r or Surveyors, and to and for any Person or Persons whom he or they shall appoint by Order of the said Trustees, to cut and make any causeways or Footpaths upon the Sides of the said Roads; or to cut Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part of the said Reads; or to erect Bridges over any Drains or Watercourses, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall deem and judge necessary and proper for amending or keeping in Repair any Part of the said Roads; and also to make a Way or Ways through the Lands and Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Roads (not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any He use or any inclosed Ground planted or set apart as a Nursery for Trees,} to be made use of as a public Highway whilst the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Roads are widening or repairing, and until the famej&all be convenient and safe for the Faffage of Travellers and Carriages, making such reason-making rea* able Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands reflectively SSSon t^roug^anci into which any such Drain shall be cut, or on cr over which any such temporary Roads shall be made, for the Damages which such

Owners

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 147.

Owners or Occupiers respectively shall or may thereby fu(lain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by Che Trustees 5 and, in case any Difference shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers and such Trustees touching j, such Damage, then, and in such Case the Justices of the Peace at the first General or Quarter SefEons of the Peace to be holden for the said County '{ of Pembroke next after the Expiration of Ten Days from the Time of doing such' Damage, shall and are hereby authorized and required to hear, settle, and determine the fame, and their Determination therein shall be final and conciulive.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons A as he or they shall appoint, (by Direction and under the Hands of any Two or more of the said Trustees,) from Time to d ime to remove and prevent all Annoyances, on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, by Rails, Steps, Sign Polls, or other Nuisances, and to turn or flop any Water-courses, Sinks, or-Drains, running into, along, or out of any Part of the said Roads, to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the same as large and deep as he or they shall think proper, and to cleanse any Ditch or Watercourse next adjoining to any Part of the said Roads, and to cut down, lop, or top any Trees or Bullies growing in any Part of the said Roads, or in the Hedges or Banks adjoining thereto, in case the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoyance, or who ought to remove the fame, or to cleanse such Ditch or Watercourse, or to cut do\vn, lop, or top such Trees or Bullies, shall refuse or neg’eSt so to do for the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose, signed by any Two or more of the said Trustees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the reasonable Charges whereof shall be reimbursea to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by the Person or Persons refuting or neglecting as aforesaid; and in case any such Person shall not upon Demand pay and reimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery of any other Penalty inflicted by this Act; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances, any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, every such Person shall for every such Offence; over and above such Charges as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not e - cee ing Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the sof this Act.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may T< cause the said Roads to be measured, and Mile Stones to be set up at or n near the Sides thereof, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, with £ Inscriptions thereon, denoting the Number of Miles, and Distance of Places c as the said Trustees shall think fit, and also cause to be erected Guide Posts e upon such Paris of the said Roads where the same are crofted or joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons p shall wilfully break, throw down, injure, destroy, obliterate, or deface ' any Table of Toils, Mile Stone, or Post erected on any Part of the said 11 Roads, or any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon, or shall wilfully break, throw' down, or injure any Stone or Stones, or Parapet Wail or Walls, on the Side or Sides of any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, every such Person so offending

1 case of any

3ad to be

nd Mile tones and In tie Polts

retted.

enalty on hem.

4«8 GEORGII III. Cap. 14.7.

fending shall forfeit and pay any Sam'not exceeding forty Shillings for each Table-of Tolls, Stone, Pod, Parapet Wall, and Arch so broken, thrown down, injured or ddlroyed, or on v c.i any Letters, figures or Marks, shall be so* obliterated or defaced, On Moiety thereof shall yoto the Informer and the ether Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or otherwif-j damage, or shall ride on or drive or lead any Horse, Beall, Cattlew Carriage over or upon any Footpath or Causeway made, or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Roads; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or ctrelessly break or damage any of the Pcks or Stones which may be eroded for the Security ( or ;he said Footpaths or causeways; or if any Person or Persons shall plough over or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Roads, or in ploughing shall turn any Horse or other Beall drawing any Plough upon any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall scrape ott any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Roads with any Instrument, so as to damage the said Roads or any Fait thereof; or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads any Free or Piece of i imber, or any Stone, (otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages), or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber or Stone which shall be carried upon a wheeled Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Roads shall suffer the same to root up or damage the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Bankings, or Copse on either Side thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leave or suffer any Cattle, Sheep, or Beall to be and remain loose on the said Roads; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, or Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, upon the said Roads, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart or rther Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the Left or near Side of the said Roads; or if any Person shall in any Manner wilful I v prevent any other Person or Persons from passing, him, her, or them upon the said Roads, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his, her, or their Care; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires whatsoever, or shall let fire to, or let off, or throwany Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever, on any Part or Parts of the said Roads; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry, (without some reasonable Cause to be allowed by the Justice of the Peace before whom the Person so offending shall be summoned or conveyed in order to his or her Conviction, and save and except with regard to lueh Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage during such reasonable Time as the same shall be loading or unloading, and Handing as near to the Side of the said Roads as conveniently may be,) in, upon, or on the Side of the said Roads, either with or without any Horse or Beal!: of Draught Larneffed or yoked thereto; or if any Person shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Platter or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or of any Person or Persons travelling the re-on, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

10

4.S3 GEORGII III. Cap. 147.

LI. Ancfte it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Huai! dfaujt, interrupt, or hinder, or'eause to be assaulted, interrupted, oi* hindered, m)C Jv.oauisn any Collector of the Tolls or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other cfchisAcc. Person or Persons by them or any of them, or by the said Trustees employed in the Execution of this Act, every fitch Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LIT. And be it further enacted, That all the Inhabitants of the several Parfhes, Hamlets, Districts, or Places through which the said intended to

Roads shall puss, shall be liable to the Repair of such Parts of the said intended Roads as are within their respective Parishes, Hamlets, Districts, or Places in such and the fameManner as they are liable to the Repair of any other Highway within the same; and nothing in this Act shall empower the Trustees to repair any County Bridges, nor the Pavement of any Town; but the fame Bridges and Pavements respectively shall be made and amended and kept in Repair by such Ways and Means as they were and ought by Law to be made and amended and kept in Repair, in case this Act had not been made.

LIII. Provided always and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law s*atut« are liable to do Statute Work on any Part of the Roads within the Parishes or Places through which the said Roads or any Part thereof pastes, shall be liable to do the fame on the said Roads, and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Pembroke, and they are hereby required and empowered upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk Or Surveyor by their Order,- yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respectife Parffhes or Places m which* the said Reads do lie, and also what Pr portion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or* Plate, in lieu of or as a Competition for such Statute Work as aforesaid,'; Lhall he by him, her; or them, paid to the kid Trustees-dr the!r Treasurer or Treasurers y and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for Inch justices from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices at forne PLci to be expresst d in fu:h Sun ions, (within Ten Days after the Serving of such Summons,) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Pari Hi or Place are by Law subjkc'- and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compofnion for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work-to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also* the Amount of the respective Sums to be so paid- which Lifts of Names shall be made in Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statut in Force and Eilect hr the Repairs of the Public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as afore'.aid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the lame shall be done on such Days and at such Times, (not being Hay Time or Iiarveff,) and in such Parts of the said Roads, as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time, order, direct* and appoint; and the said Juf-££«:. & Per.2 31 X tices

2841

Trustees ma> compound >.

Stature

Work.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.7.

rices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Cotnposition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the fame (hull, and may be recovered by Distress ami Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable io the Payment thereof in-like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or dire fed to be recovered; and each and very Person who shall hegled or refuse to do such Sta'ute Work ac aiprefuid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of ms, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams,; Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beall or Bealls, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, u all be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person fending such Labourer, Team, or Draught, shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Parts of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts* every such Surveyor or Surveyors so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporal e, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by them done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, r\ aemenfs, or Hereditaments of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads shall lie and be situate, or with the Surveyor of the Highways for such Parishes or Places, duly authorized for that Purpose at a public Vestry, for a certain Sum of Mon- y, by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the v Ie or any Part of the Statute or other Work

to be by all or any of the said inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads, which Compofnion Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways or othsi Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer or Treasurer.*? of the said Trustees, in Advance, on or before the Fifth Day of April in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. iW'

LV. And whereas Offences may be committed again(1 this Act by Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed- to put this Act into Execution; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the said Trustees> or their Clerk or Clerks, or the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or theii* Affifiance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace" for the County or District near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall he committed, or such Offender or Offenders seized and apprehended, and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending, to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at some Petty Sessions to be holden within and for the said County or District in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Petty Sessions, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Petty Sessions as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or Them to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the same County or District, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Ten Days, unless he, fhej or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, of them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any One of the said Trustees on Behalf of the said Trustees, and no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name, or against whom the same shall be brought or commenced, nor by the Act of such Person or Persons, without the Consent of the said Trustees at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act; but no such Treasurer, Clerk, or Trustee, or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment- of any Costs or Expences on Account thereof, but all such Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, collected or received by the said Trustees.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by virtue of this Act imposed, (the Manner of levying and recovering whereof h not hereby otherwise particularly directed,) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed( which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Parry, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath, and which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels,

after

*2 #43

For f-C'irm£

transient

Offenders.

Actions to be brought in the Nam ’ of the T.eaf.n er or Clrrk.or of Trustee*, Uct

Recovery a»d Application of Penalties.

2844 4-8r GEORGII III. Cap. 147.

after deducing the Coils and Charges of making, keeping and felling the Distress; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, , if not herein-before directed to be otherwise applied,*) shall be paid to the Trea-iurer to the said Tru flees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of such County or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Months nor less than Three Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

ForH^,nf‘,!ie

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That for the more speedy Conviction.1 tion of all Offenders against this Act, all and every the Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons fh.Jl be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect folio wuig. i

To wit \ e remembered, That on the Day of

J 4 in the Year of our Lord

t and in the Year of the Reign of His Majesty,

e is convicted before me [or, usj of His Majesty’s

c Justices of the Peace for the by virtue of an Act of

c Parliament made and passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of c His Majesty King George the "third, intituled, [here set forth the Title * of this Act, and specify the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame was committed.'] Given under my [or, ourj Hand and c Seal [or. Hands and Seals j the Day and Year first above written.’

Appeal.

LIX. Provided always and be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the first General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Pembroke, ne-v after the Expiration of Fifteen Days from the Time, such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, the Person or Persons appealing having first given fen Days’ Notice at leaf! of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Treasurers, or Clerk to the said Trustees, and within Four Days after such Notice, 'entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned. to, try such Appeal and abide the Order thereof, and to pay such tofts as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices in fitch Scfttbns, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given ‘ahd entered into, are hereby authorized and required to heal and determine the Mot er of such Appeal in a summary Wav. and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Gbfts to c:,h: - of the Parties or otherwise'as they shall judge proper; and the fold Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may also Order such further Satisfaction to be made to the party injured as they shill judge reasonable; and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding,

10 ar.d

2 845

4s

1»44(

'"Slid

‘0 the

’here

Cccric. ice and *mk& Kobe

)ayof

15 of

irJ i 2nd

Rr-

'eace

ncf

fa,

it

tbs

lid

fee

a

rf

s

48# GEORGII III. Cap. 14.7.

and conclusive upon all Parties, to all intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made Dinrefs not to for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the Form, fame be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Notice, Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties d iff raining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so diffi aining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by i’uch Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment,

Judgment or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any of the qunfheti for Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westn\injicry any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shal* Jctionujbe recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for given, any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Fifteen Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action by Leave of the Court after such Action shall have been brought at any Time before issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings,

Order, and Judgment shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXIII.* Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done

in pursuance of this Act after Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Pembroke, and notelfewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead at his or their Election specially, or the General issue, and give this Act and the special General Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame 1,fl,c* was lawfully done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fifteen Days Notice shall have been given, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time [Loc. d? Per.\ 51 T—Z limited

2846 4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. xtf.

limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall. find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

Pub.ic Act.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

ment'and*"

LXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and Continuation take Place upon the Eighteenth Day of June One thousand eight hundred 01 net. and eight, and shall continue in Force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1S08.

ANNO QUADR.AGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 148.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Borough of

Leominster, in the County of Hereford, and in the Township of Lusion, in the Parish of Eye, in the said County; and for paving and otherwise improving the Streets and other publick Places within the Town of Leominster, in the said County.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the Liberties of the Town or Borough cf Lemnift/ier, in the County of Hereford, certain Meadows, Commons, and Parcels of Waste Lands, containing in the Whole by Estimation One hundred and twenty Acres or thereabouts: And whereas the Proprietors and Owners, or their Tenants and Occupiers of Houses, Lands, and Hereditaments landing, lying, and being within the said Borough of Leominster (having Lands annexed or belonging the reto), claim to be entitled to the foie and exclusive Right of Common over a certain Part of the said Waite and Commonable Lands, (that is to say), that Part of Pertna Moor otherwise Povtman's Moor which lies within the said Borough, and over Marsh Broad, Etnani Street Broad and Eaton Broad; and the said Proprietors and Owners, or their Tenants and Occupiers of such joules, Lands, and Hereditaments within the [Lie. & Per.] *2 A said

*54

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

said Borough claim to be entitled to the Grass and Herbage of certain Meadows called "Lammas Meadows, Midsummer Meadows, and the Peps Moors within the said Borough (that is to say) or and in the Lammas Meadows every Third Year during the Whole of that Year, and of and in the Midsummer Meadows from Midsummer to Candlemas Old Style yearly, and of and in the Lammas Meadows and Peps Moors, from Lammas to Candlemas Old Style yedrly and tveiy Year, except One Year in Three as aforesaid, during which Third Year the said Lammas Meadows alone ate Common during the Whole of that Year (except in Peps Moor, which is not Gofnmonable the Whole at every Third Year):^ And whereas there is within the Township of Luston in the Parifo o* Eye, in the County of Hereford, Part of a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Land called Portna Moor, otherwise Portmari s Moor, containing shirty-five Acres or thereabouts (the other Part of the said Common lying and being within the said Borough of Lecttobfer):, 2nd also a Part of the aforesaid Waste or Common called Marfls Broad, lies within the said I ownship of Luston, and the other Part lies in the said Borough of Lecminster: And whereas the Right Honourable George Earl of Essex is or claims to be Lofd of "the Manor and Borough of Leominjlef, and as such is or claims *6 be entitled to the Right of Soil in and over the said Waste and Commonable Lands within the said Manor and Borough of Leominder: And whereas Somerset Davies Esquire is Lord of the Manor of Luston, and as such is entitled to the Right of Soil in and over the said Common or Parcel of Waste Land lying within the said Township of Luston , and the said Somerset Davies is Proprietor of a cohsiderable Part of the Lands and Grounds within the said Township cf Luston, and as such is entitled to Right of Common in, over, and upon the said Commons and Parcels of Waste Lands; and the Right Honourable Ann Lady Rodney, the Reverend Sir John Dutton Colt Baroner,' John Wall Clerk, Thomas Smith, William Wall, John Weaver, and Edward Evans Esquires, John Scarlet, James Proudman, William Miles, and divers other Perfenc, are Owners or Proprietors of other Lands and Grounds, having Right of Common in, over, and upon the said Commons or Parcels of Waste Lands: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His pi-eftnt Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Act certain Provisions usually infer ted in AJs of inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fatts usually required on ike puffing of such Atls: And whereas the said Meadows, Commons, and Parcels of Waste Lands, are at certain Times of the Year subject to be overflowed, and in their present State yield but little Profit or Advantage to the several Persons interested therein and entitled to the Feed rhereoi; and it would be very advantageous to them if the fame were embanked, drained, and allotted, and such Allotments inclosed; and if certain Parts of the said Commons and Parcels of Waste Lands were fold or feemifed or leased on an annual Rent, and the Money thereby to be raiseci and the yearly Rent thereof applied for the Improvement of the said Town or Borough of Leominster, and for widening and otherwise improvirg the Bridges in or near to the said Town or Borough; and for widening. Paving, lighting, watching, cleansing, and watering the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the said Town; and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments within the said Town or Borough; and it would be of great publick Benefit and Utility, as well to the said several Owners of Lands and Grounds within the said

Township

*ntn

fyi

and 11 Stvlt

'"Jett *«a. in ftp ’ And *i Btkt

tie Land liny-fot

rd bfing

s^rdaw T.lhipcf If: And s £o b» it eWiJs

tfl C«n.

t: And , and as i Pared the said ids and mini to 'arceW lr trend If'iilm Jan a Proton in,: And rf Hb Uttug

df>

’ it it os, to irol*

(it®; oWi Parts

riT-ifed r/J III

>»* Of

rglht

mb

cite

rd

"to

4r GEORGII III. Cap. 148. 285s

TowNhip of Luston, as also to the several Owners and Occupiers of Messuages, Lands, and Tenements within the said Town or Borough, and be very advantageous to the several Persons inrerelled i,n the Laid Commons and Wifte Lands lying within the Township of Lufton, if the fame weie drained, divided, and allotted amongst them, and such Allotments inclosed , but such Division, Allotment, Inclosure, Drainage, and Erections cannot be effected and established without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And whereas the said Town or Borough of Leominster is a large, populous, and a trading Town, and daily increasing, and it would tend greatly to the Safety, Preservation, and Benefit of the Inhabitants of the said ToWn or Borough, and to all Persons reforiing (hereto, if the Water in Times of Flood was carried off, or Embankments made to prevent the Streets, Passages, and other Places within the said Town or Borough from being overflowed; and if the said Streets, Lanes, publick Passages, and other Places were properly cleansed, lighted, watched, watered, regulated, and kept free from Nui fences, Annoyances, Encioachments, and Obstrtidions; and if the Bridges in or near the said Town or Borough, and some of the Streets therein and Roads leading thereto, were widened and improved and made more sese and secure for Travellers and Passengers; and if Walls, Polls, and Rails, and such other Erections as shall be nectflary for the Protection and Security of Pdflengers resorting to arid passing from the said Town of Leominster, were erected and let up} but such beneficial Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that ic may be ensded; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That John Cheese of Lyons Hall in the said County, and Commission-Robert Tench of Bromfield in the County of Salop Gentlemen, and their j£*eof Successors, to be elected in Manner herein-afte1* mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for embanking, draining, dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Meadows, Commons, and Parcels of Walk Lands, and for carrying into Execution so much and such Part or Parts of this Act as relates to the said Embankment,

Drainage, and Inclosure; and also for carrying into Execution the several Powers, Authorities, Directions, Claufts, and Provisions of the said recited Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said John Cheese, or any For appoint-Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead, shall, before the Execution of in£.nsw Com* all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him, die, refuse, or mj,ij0i‘cr;* become incapacitated to ad, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the High Steward, Recorder, Bailiff, and Justices of the Peace for the said Town or Borough of Leominster for the Time being, and the Lords of the said Manors of Leomnjler and Luston respectively for the JTime being, within Twenty Days next after such Death, Refuse)* or Incapacity shall be made known to him or them by Notice in Writing from the surviving or remaining Commissioner (and which Notice such Commissioner is hereby required to give), to appoint a new Commissioner (not interfiled in the said Inclosure) in the Stead of the said John Cheese, or such Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapacitated toad} and in case no such Appointment of a Commissioner shall be made by the said High Steward, Recorder, Bailiff, and Justices, and the Lords of the

feid

2856

48

‘ GEORGII III.

Cap. 148.

said Manors for the Time being as aforesaid, the surviving or remaining Commissioner ffiali and may and he is hereby required, at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, by Writing under his Hand, to appoint One other Commissioner for the Purposes of this Act, in the Room and Stead of such Commissioner so dying, refusing, ur becoming incapacited to ad; and if the said Robert Tench, or any Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die or refule or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner for the Purposes of this and the said recited Act, then and in every such Case the major Parc in Value of the several Proprietors or Persons interested in the said Meadows, Commons, and Waste Lands (except the said High Steward, Recorder, Bailiff, and Justices, and the Lord* of the said Manors for the Time being), who shall be present at some publick Meeting to be holder, in the said Town or Borough of Leojninster aforesaid, of which Meeting, and the Intent thereof, Notice shall be given by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, at lead Twenty Days previous to such Meeting, by affixing such Notice on the Doors of the Churches of the Parishes of Leommjler and Eye, and by inferring the fame in some Newspaper circulated in the said County of Hereford, shall and they are hereby empowered by Writing under their Hands to elect and appoint some other Person (.not interested in the said intended Embankment, Drainage, Division, and Inclosure) to be a Commissioner in the Place or Stead of such Commissioner so dying, refusing, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid and every Commissioner lo to be nominated and appointed shall, after taking the Oath prescribed in that Behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions, as if he had been originally nominated a Commissioner in and by this Act.

Commission- IH. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person ffiali

-stouke be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this and the an al ‘ said recited Act, until he ffiali have taken and subscribed an Oath in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

©2th. ‘ T Do swear, That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, accord-

A ing to the best of my Skill and Judgement, execute and perform the several Powers and Authorities veiled and reposed in me as a Commis fioner, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Atl \_kere set forth the ‘ Title of this A5i\, according to Equity and good Conscience, and with-e out Favour or Affection, Prejudice, or Partiality to any Person or £ Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.9

Bywhomtobe Which Oath the said Commissioners are and either of them is hereby adminiiteicd. and required to administer to the other of them; and the several Writings appointing such new Commissioner or Commissioners shall be added cr annexed to and enrolled and deposited with the Award of the Lid Commissioners, and a Copy of the Enrolment thereof shall be admitted as legal Evidence.

Power to ap-pi«e.

IV. And, for the Purpose of settling and determining any Difpu'e or Difference that may arile between the said Commissioners touching cr concerning ar.y Matter or Thing to be by them done or executed in pur-7 fuance

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 148. 2857

fuance of this or the said recited A&, be it further enacted, That Valentins.

Vickers the younger of Cranmere in the Counry cf Salop Gentleman, and his Successors to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall be and he is hereby appointed as Umpire to decide between the said Commissioners, if Occasion shall require; and all Differences and Disputes that may arile between the said Commissioners, touching or concerning any of the Matters or Things to be by them done or performed in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, shall be by them referred to the said Umpire; and in case the said Valentine Vickers shall die or refuse or neglect to act as such Umpire, within the Space cf Fourteen Days next after Application made to him for that Purpose, or shall become incapable of acting in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to nominate and appoint by arty Writing under their Hands any other Person not interdted in the said Embankment, Drainage, Division, or Inclosure, to be such Umpire, and so from Time to Time as often as any Person so nominated and appointed an Umpire shall die, refuse, or neglect to ad, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of this and the said recited Act; and every such Umpire so nominated and appointed is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine all such Differences and Disputes, and the Judgement and Determination of the said Umpire therein Shall be deemed and considered and taken to be the Determination of the said Commissioners, and shall be final and conclusive upon the said Com mif* iioners, and upon all other Persons concerned in the said Embankment,

Drainage, Division, and Inclosure, so far as the Judgement and Determinations of the said CommUSoners are in such and the like Cafes by the said recited Act or this Act declared to be final or conclusive.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall UmP5r f<* be capable of acting as an Umpire in the Execution of; his or the find takean0atE recited Act, until he Ihtjt have taken imd subscribjd anOadi in the Form

or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

4 T Do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, accord* Oath.

A ing to the best of my Skill and Judgement, execute and perform the several Powers and Authorities veiled and repoled in me as an Umpire, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Thfid, intituled, An All \Jjere set forth the Title of this Aff], according to Equity and good Confcierice, and with- out Favour or Affection, Prejudice, or Partiality to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.*

Which Oath the said Commissioners, or either of them, are and is hereby authorized and required to administer to the said Umpire, and the several Writings appointing such new'Umpire or Umpires, shall be added or annexed to and enrolled and deposited with the Award of the said Comi miifionere, and a Copy of the Enrolment thereof shall be admitted as legal Evidence.

VI. And be it further enacted, That out of the Mone> that shall be ra led for decaying the I'Apmces of cUainim: and execufin./ this Act, there shall be paid to each of the said Commissioners and Umpire, as a l<ecompence tur his Pains and Trouble, the Sum of Two Pounds Twelve

£/*>. & Per.] 32 B Shillings

2.858 <48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

Shillings and Sixpence for each Day he shall act or travel for the Purpose of aftirg, or be returning Home from a-sting in the Execution of this Act, and no more*, and that at all Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, the said Commissioners and Umpire shall defray their own Expences.

Commissioner*

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to give or cause to be given publick Notice in i!:gs.1£ir 6" feme Newspaper printed or circulated within the said County of Hereford, and also Notice in Writing figiied by them, by affixing or causing to be affixed the fame on the Door of the Parish Church of Lecminster and Parish Church of Eye, on some Sunday immediately before Divine Service, of the Time and Place of their first and every subsequent Meeting for executing the said recited Act, and also so much of the Powers of this Act as relates to the said Embankment, Drainage, Division, and Inclo-fuie. Seven Days at Jeaft before every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and all the Meetings of the said Commissioners shall be holden within the said Town or Borough of Leominster, or within Eight Miles of the Boundaries thereof \ and in case both the said Commissioners shall not attend at the Time and Place appointed for any such Meeting, or to which such Meeting shall be adjourned as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Commissioner who shall attend, and for the Clerk to the said Commissioners, in case neither of the said Commissioners shall attend, to aujouin such Meeting to any future Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days from the Day of such Adjournment, to he holden at the same Place, or at some other Place within the Distance of Eight Miles from the said Town or Borough of Leomindert as to the Commissioner or Clerk making such Adjournment shall seem most convenient j and the said Commissioner or Cle k making such Adjournment is hereby required to give Notice to the absent Commissioner or Commissioners Ten Days at lead before the Day appointed for such Meetings.

Other Notices

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all other publick how to be Notices necessary or requisite to be given by the said Commissioners in &"c‘' pursuance of this or the said recited Act (the Manner of giving which is not hereby or by the said recited Act directed) shall be given by Adver-tlfement in some One Newspaper primed or circulated in the said County of Hereford.

Survey and IX. And, for the Pir pufe of ascertaining the Compass and Admeasure-r»iidc.° bC went of the said Commons and Parcels of Waste Lands, and also of the old inclosed Lands within the said Townflvp of Luston and Borough of Leomijler, be it further enacted, That a true, exact, and perfect Survey, Admraiurcment, and Plan of the said Commons and Parcels of Wafts Lands ( nd it the said Commissioners shall think necessary of the old inclosed Lands within the said Township of Luston and Borough of Leomhjle*), (h ill, as soon after the puffing of this Act as convrniently may De, be made by the said Commissioners; in which Survey, Admca-fur mem, and Plan, the whde Contents in Acre1, Roods, and P. rches and also the Abuttals. Metes, and Boundaries of all the said Commons and Parcels of Waste Lands and old Inclosures, shall be accuiately let forth and alceitained.

4'S0 GEORGII III. Cap. i 48. 2859-

X. And be it further enacted, That all Inclosures and Encroachments Encroach-taken in or made upon, from, or out of any Part of the said Commons

and Parcels of Waste Land?, in Form and Compass as they severally have been taken, inclosed, and eroded, held, and enjoyed, within Twenty Years next before the Commencement of this Act, shall be deemed Part and Parcel of the said Commons and Parcels of Waste Linds from w.'ftch the fame was or were respectively taken by any Person or Persons whomsoever having or not having Right of Common, and shall be deemed and considered Part of the said Commons and Parcels of Waste Lands hereby intended to be embanked, drained, divided, allotted, and inclosed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Dlfpute or Difference shall Commoner* arise between any of the Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate putp8,tlc *" cr Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said Commons

and Parcels of Waste Lands, or any Pure or Parts thereof, or in the said Division and Allotments, or touching or concerning the respective Rights and Interests which they or any of them shall have or claim to have in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds to be embanked, drained, divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act, or touching or concerning any otheT Matter or Thing relating to the said Embankments, Drainage,

Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize and empower the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, to assess Colts* Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance cf this or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Costs, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to settle, alfefs, and award such Costs and Charges to be paid by and to such Person or Persons and at such Time as they shall direct -, and in case the Person or Persons directed to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame at the Time appointed for the Payment thereof, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Saie of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refuting to pay the lame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges aettnding such Biftrefs and Sale.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Allowing Person or Persons (interested in the Did intended Embankment, Drainage,

Division, ai d Inclollue) shall be diflatistied with any Determination of the aiLaw^ 3 said Commissioners or Umpire, touching or concerning any Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be embanked, d-ained, divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof,

it shall be lawful for the PeTon or Persons so distatisfied to p oceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners or Umpire* at the then next Assizes to be holden for the Did County of

Hereford,

2860

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

Hereford, if the fame shall not take Place wirh'.n Two Calendar Month3 after such Determination; but if the said next Assizes shall happen within Two Calendar Months 2iter such Determination, then at the following Assizes to be hofion for the said County; and for that Purpose, the Person or Persons who shall be so difiatLfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire shall cause an Action to be brought upon' a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Deier-rmnaiion shall have been made, or against the said Commissioners, wimm One Calendar Month next after such Determination of the said C mn:l-sioners or Umpire, and shall also within Ten Days after such Deteimma-rion give Notice in Writing to the said Commissioners of his, her, or their being so dissatisfied; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney 01 Attornies, who shall appear thereto or fiie Common Bail, and accept One or more IlTue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined, such IlTue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court iri which such Atlion or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame; and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclufjve upon ali and every Person and Persons wh'.mfoeyer. Body or Bodies Corporate or Collegiate, Uriels the Court wherein such Attion or Actions shall be brought shall let aside such Vertlid or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do in case the said <^'ourt shall think proper; and it shall also be lawful for the Court, on fuffiderit Cause shewn, to put off' the Trial of such issue as is usual in other Cafes; and after such Ve:did or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to ad in Conformity thereto, and to allow or diLllow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials, which Allowances and Disallowances shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties: Provided always, that every Determination, of the said Commissioners cr Umpire, touching any Rights or I itercfh in, over, or upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be embanked, drained, divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to, or being ohjeded to, the Party or Parlies objeding not causing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

Pits'Cs dying Actions not 10

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Acti n to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the lame, such Action shall not abate by rt-afon thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

In e»Tes of

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or More Persons in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have Aflin'is’5 been made, cr.d against whom any such Ablion or Addons might have hithe been brought if living, shall die before any such Abbott tr Actions dull eVr'e'a’onanJ hav;: been brought, and before the Expiration of iheTime herein-before a i.iuled in limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful f< r (lie too. Names. personur Persons, Bodies Poi tick ot Corporate, who n-ighr have brought such ACIion or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to tiring the lame tvi hin the Time so limited as afoieiald ag-inll such Person or , Petto, s

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 148. 2861

’Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk to the said Commissioners with Process for commencing such Action or Adiions in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Hei.s, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Nnmts of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been a6lua.lv diving; and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary co the Possession of any of Inch Parties, except in Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of Twenty Years as herein-before mentioned; but in C2fe the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion against: the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession shall have been given up by or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment, or other due Course of Law.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That (afeer the said Commissioners oft#

shall have fee out the necessary Roads, Ways, and Drains as directed by the t|,e Manor said recited Act) they the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to set our, allot, and award unto the Lord of the said Manor and Borough of LeominJiert so much and such Part and Parts cf^ the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be embanked, drained, divided, allotted, and inclosed, within the said Manor and Borough of LeomijiJier, as shall be equal in Value to the Right and Imereit of the Lord of the Soil in and over the said Manor and Borough of Leotnwjiery in lieu of and as a full Compensation for his Rights in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Lands within the same Manor and Borough.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That (after the said Commissioners shall Allotments to have, set ooc the necessary Roads, Ways, and Drains as directed by the said tile Manjr of lecited Act) the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and Lufton. required to set out, allot, and award unto the said Somerset Davies Esquire,

as Lord of the said Manor of Luston, so much and such Part of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be embanked, drained, divided, allotted, and inclosed, within the said Township of LuJiony as shall be equal in Value to One-fourteenth Part thereof, in lieu ot and as a full Cornpenfa-tion for his Rights in and to the Soil of the said Commons and Parcels of Waste Landsi

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and AHoim?nfsof they are hereby required to set out, allot, and award the Residue and L^ndsUfn°* Remainder of the said Lands and Grounds in the said Township of Lujion, Lufton. hereby intended co be divided, allotted, and inclosed, unto and amongst

the several Persons and Parties having Rights of Common thereon, in Proportion and according to their Rights and Interefis therein, such Rights and Interefis to be ascertained by such Ways and Means as to the said Commissioners shall seem most just, reasonable, and expedient.

[Zee. Sf Per.-] 32 C

Persons in PolTcJr.on not to be m alette J without due Court's o4L-w.

2862 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

Power to ex-

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and

Mt?Wa!!rl they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think it necessary couifc#. or expedienr, for effectually draining the said Lands und Grounds called Portna Moor, otherwise Portrnan’s Moor, to make, maintain, end extend any Dra n or Drains through the Lands and Grounds of any Per ion or Prisons, from the said Moor called Portna Moort so as to communicate with the River Lug below the said Town of Leomnjler.

makin^DnWi

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Expence from Portna attending the making and maintaining the said Drains shall be paid and Mco% to be borne by the Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments claiming Right of byiVeLulvjiT Common within ihe Township of LvJlony and the Trustees of the said piopmtor* Borough of Leomir>Jisri in Proportion to their respective Rights and teHoflw"' Interests in the said Comm' n called Portna Moor, to be afeerta ned mind: r pro- by such Ways and Means as the said Commissioners shall think just and poui&nably. reajf()n*ble.

V^riocom-

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Injury shall be done |un« dune by to the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons through which such making Drains shall extend, for the Purpose of d aining the said Moor called Draa*. Portna Moor, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they ate hereby authorized to make a reasonable Compensation to the Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds so injured by making such Drains,

Power to e-ill

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Lands and Grounds tJrs'of rL?n'Jt of any Person or Persons lying on either Side of any Drains cr Water-fora compen- couries to be made through the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to [noveme.i?"1" be divided, allotted, and in do lid, or through any other Lands and made to 1I1 in Grounds within the said Parish or Township such Drain or Drains shall by draining, extend, shall appear to the said Commissioners to have been benefited or improved thereby, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to a fiefs cr rate the Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds so benefited or improved thereby, in any Sum of Money not exuding Two Shillings in the Pound, as the said Commissioners shall th’nk reasonable, which Money shall be applied by the said Commissioners in.r p tiring and keeping in Repair the said Drains or Watercourses.

R?df h cd-

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act nor gates,.and any Thing therein contained shall not deprive any Person or Persons Watercouifes. whatsoever from using and exercising the fame Right to any Roads, Ways, Floodgates, or Watercourses now used for the Benefit or Improvements of Lands situate near or adjoining the Lid Town or Borough of Leo-.minster, but that such Person or Persons shall use and exercise such Righc in such and the same Manner, and with such and the lame Privileges, as before the passing of this Act.

Lands to Kc

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall

Expences.fr37 ana they :,re hereby authorized and empowered to set out and alloc such P. rt or Parts of the said Commons and Parcels of Waste Lands, and also so much and such Part or Parts of the said Moor called Portna Mcor, as will by Sale thereof, in the Judgement of the said Comm-fiioners, raise Morey sufficient to defray and discharge all the Costs, Charges, and Sixpences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, 6 and

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

and of preparing and depositing the Award of the said Commissioners, and . f iurveying, admbs faring, planning, valuing, embanking, draining, dividing, fencing fa? herein directed), and allotting the said Commons and Parcels of Waste Lands to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue or this Act , and all the Charges of the said Commissioners and Umpire, their Assistants and Servants, and all the other necefifiry Expencts of the fever.d Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners in and about the said Commons and Parcels ot Waste Lands; and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said Commissioners to, over, or upon the said Commons and Parcels of Waste Lands; and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to fell the Lands and Grounds so set our and allotted, in such Share or Allotment. Shares or Allotments, as to ihem shall seem right and proper, to any Person or Persons, for the belt Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, by publick Auction or Auctions to be had and holden for that Purpose, of which Auction or Auctions respectively Twenty-one Days previous Notice shall be given in some One or more publick Newspaper or Newspapers printed or circulated in the said County of Hereford; and the Person or Persons so purchasing the fame at such publick Auction or Auctions shall immediately pay (by Way of Deposit) into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they Hull direct or appoint. One-tenth Part of his, her, or their Purchase Money, and shall pay the Remainder thereof within Six Calendar Months next after the Day of such Sale, or at such other Time as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and in Default thereof the Money so deposited shall be forfeited, and shall be applied in carrying this Act into Execution; and the Allotment or Allotments for which the Whole of such Purchase Money shall not have been (o paid, or for which there shall be no Bidding at such Audi ion or Aud ons, shall be again put up to Sale and sold by publick Auction or Auctions in Manner aforesaid, for the bell Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame; and every Allotment, for which the full Put chafe Money shall be paid, shall immediately thereupon be absolutely discharged of and from all Common and other Rights thereon or therein, and be vested in Fee Simple in and be inclosed, and thenceforth held in Severalty by such Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, as his, her, or their own p ivate and absolute Property, and shall be allotted accordingly by the said Commissioners; and the Purchase Money shall be applied by the said Commissioners in defraying such Colts, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case such Part or Parts of the said Commons and Parcels of Waste Lands lying within the Borough of Leominster hereby directed to be sold as herein-before mentioned, shall be sold for more Money than will be required to defray such Colts, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, then and in such Case such Surplus shall be paid by the said Commissioners into the Hands of the Trustees

rein-after mentioned, or co the Treasurer to be by them appointed, and to be applied for the Purposes herein-after mentioned; and in case there shall be any Surplus Money arising from the Sale of the Commons and Waste Lands in Lusion directed to be sold, such Surplus shall be paid by the said Lbmmissioners to and divided amongst the Persons having Right of Common on the Waste Lands in Lufton, in Proportion to their respect

tive

3864

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

t!ve Rights and Inrerefts, or be applied by the said Commissioners in draining or otherwise improving the said Walle Lands in LuJ'ton.

Provifi n for

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expellees inVafe P^ces (in case the Money raised by the Sale of the Lands herein directed the L-a.uis to to be sold shall be instiffident to defray the lame), incident to and attend-no/prjiuoi >nS ^ie obtaining and passing of this Act, and of surveying, meaf&nng, Money planning, valuing, embanking, draining, dividing, and allotting the

enough. Lands and Grounds to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, and of preparing the Award of the said Commifironei's, and all the Charges and Expences of the said Commissioners, their Assistants and Servants, and all other necessary Expences of the several Persons to be employed by the Lid Commissioners in and about the Premises; and all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Cariiage Roads and Highways to be fee out and appointed by the said Commissioners, and ail orher Expences of carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution by the said Commissioners, shall be borne and defrayed by the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act; which Lid several Costs, Charges, and Expences, together with the Proportions thereof to be paid by the several Persons hereby made liable to the Payment thereof, shall be adjusted and apportioned by the said Commissioners, and shall be paid at such Time and Place, and to such Person or Persons, as the said Commissioners shall nominate or appoint, either before or after the Execution of their said Award; and in case any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share cr Proportion of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, according to such Direction or Appointment as aforesaid, then and in such Cale the same shall and may be levied and recovered in the Manner directed or prescribed by the said recited Act.

the°iTu"ees°

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall onuclTLaTids then set out and allot the Refid ue and Remainder of so much and such fs ! ’ w:thi" r ^art cr ^arts the said Commons and Parcels of Waste Lands hereby Leo^niteV.of directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosrd, as lie within the said Town or Borough, unto the Trustees herein-afttr nominated and appointed, or the Survivor of them, by the Name and Style of The Trustees for the Proprietors of Lands and Hereditaments within the Town cr Borough cf Leominller in the County of Hereford, appointed by an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third; and such Lands and Grounds so let out and allotted shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be vested in the said Trustee3 and their Successors, to be appointed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, for ever freed and discharged of and from all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, which the Burgesses of the Town or Borough of Leominster far the Time being, or any other Person or Persons, could or might have in, upon, or to the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon such Trull nevertheless, and to and for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes as are mentioned, expressed, or declared of and concerning the same in and by this Act.

Power to leafs

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said ti'oned^AUor- Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered (first giving n.rms which Thirty Days Notice thereof on the Door of the Parish Church ot Lee-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148. 2865

mnfter, and advertising the fame Three Times at the lead in some One or more Newspaper or Newspapers circulating in the said County of Hereford, from Time to Time, to demise or lease the said last-mentioned Allotments by publick Auction to the bed Bidder for any Term of Years not exceeding Fourteen Years at any one Time, commencing from the Day of the Date of such Demise or Lease, for the bed annual Rent that can be had or gotten for the fame, clear of all Levies, Taxes, or other Deductions* and the said Commissioners shall, under the Authority of this Act, demise or lease such Allotments for the aforesaid Term or any less Term, free from all Claims whatsoever (except Mines and Minerals): Provided always, that there be contained in every such Demise, Lease, or Deed so to be made, such Covenants for the Payment of the Rent by the Lefifee or Lessees to the Trudces herein-after named, or to such Person or Persons as shall be by them authorised to collect and receive the same, and such Power of Re-entry by the said Trustees entitled to receive the said Rents, on Non-payment of the fame or any Parc thereof, as the said Trudces shall think proper, and that the Lcfiee or Lessees thereof shall execute a Counterpart or Counterparts of his or their several Lease or Leases.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said J*0*" Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any Rights of Time or Times before the Execution of their said Award, by Notice in common. Writing under their Hands, to be affixed upon the principal outer Doors

of the Parishes ChurchtS of Leominster and Eye respectively, to order and direct all or any Part of the Rights of Common in, over, or upan the said Commons and Parcels of Waste Lands, or any Part or Parts thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be luipended; an 1 that all fych Rights of Common as the said Commissioners shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall from the Time of affixing such Notice on the said respective Church Doors, cease, determine, and be extinguished, cr the Exerci/e thereof be suspended accordingly, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Exchange*. Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parish of Leominster and Township of Lufton, in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments whatsoever, in lieu of Lands within the said Parish and Township, or within the said Parish of Eye9 or within any adjoining Parish, Township, Manor, Hamler, or Place.* provided that 2II such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Purposes, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or ailing for any such Owners as aforesaid, who, at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanger., shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunaticks, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or [Loc. & Perl] 32 D other wise

2866

Exp'nc;* of Exchanges by

paid.

Tvfoiwv ad

vanted to be npaid *!th

Commissionen it a accouiu.

Proprietor* to p.iy their own

£x»tnce.> at Meeting*

Wills and

48° GEORGII III. Cap. i48.

other wise disablrd to act for thetnfelvrs, himself, or herself, such Consent to b*t certified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other c^Tvfeming P-rties respectively; and all and every foeh Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided- nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Heredi aments held in R'ghc of ant Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the t onfent ftrOtfied as aforesaid) of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall lie and be fuuate.

XXXII. And be it further emfted, That the Expences attending every Exchange or Partition of the Lands and Grounds by this Act intended to he divided, allotted, and inclosed, which shall be made by virtue of this Act, shall be borne and defrayed by the respectire Parties making such Exchanges or Partitions, distinct and apart fr in the other Expences attending the Execution-of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall advance

and p.y any Money in Discharge of the Expcm.es of obtaining, parting, and executing this Act, the M ney so pfid or advanced shall be repaid and Ltisfied determined by the Direction of the said Commissioners together with lawful Interest for the same.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That once at least in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act, so far as the lame iclates to the said D'vision, Allotment, and Inclosi re (such Ye*rto be computed fr« in the Day of parting the ieof), the said Commi (boners shall and they hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act and the said recited Act, so far as the lame relates to the said intended Division, At lotmem, ana Inclosure; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them Lid before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Time being for the said County or Hereford, to be by him examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such justice dated in the Book of Accounis to be kept in the Office of the Clerk or Clerks to the Lid Commissioners, and no Charge or Item in such Accounis shall be binding on the Parties concerned or valid in Law unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Lid Proprietors, their 1 AttoVnies and Agents, shall piy ana defray their own Charges and Ex-peaces when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be hoi Jen in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this or the Lid rented Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to revoke, make void, after, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Perfuju having any Bight qj Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion*

2867

48° GEORG 11 IK. Cap. 148.

lion. Debts, Rents, or Incumbrances out of, upon, or affecting any of the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, or Grounds to be divided, allotted, inclosed, cr exchanged in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, or any Part or Parts thereof resprflively; but that the respective Persons, to whom any Lands or Hereditaments shall be allotted or given in Exchange by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall be seised thereof to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, Charges, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof such Person was seised or possessed at or immediately before ihe Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, or for which or in respi-ct whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have been subject to,' charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been made.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the fard Comm.flioners, when enrolled in Manner directed by the said recited Act, shall be deposited in the Parish Church of Leominster aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, heifelf, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of this or the said recited Act by the said Cc mmissioners, or by any Matter or Thing relating to the said Embanking, Draining, Division, Inclosure, o> Allotments (other than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners as are by the said recited Act or this Act di efted ro be final or conclusive, and except in such Cases where an IlTue at Law is herein-before dirrdled to be tried'), then and in every such Case he, Ihe, cr they may appeal to the General Quarter Stflkns of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Hereford, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners and the Party or Parties concerned Ten Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal and of the Matter thereof *, and the Justices (not interested in the P.cmifes), at their said General Quarter Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Colls and Damages, as to them in their Discretion shall feern reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Colls and Charges which shall be lb awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chat els of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand to ihe Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices shall be final arid cobclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere j but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then and in Inch Cafe the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Tpat nothing in this A:t shall prejudice, Iclferr, or defeat the Right, Title, or Intertit of

5 the

Award to he deposited in the Parish Church of Leominster.

Allowing 3n Appeal.

Saving the Night of Lords of Manors to Seigniories, Realties, &c.

*868 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

the Lords of the said, Manors aforesaid, or any future Lords of the said Manors, in and to the Seigniories, Royalties, Rights, and Services belonging thereto, but the said Lveral Lords, and *11 future Lords of the said Manors, shall and may from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever hereafter, hold and enjoy all Mine?, Minerals, Goods, and Chattels if Felons and fugitive felons of themselves, and Persons put in exigent, Deodands, Waus, Edrays, Foifcitures, and all other Rights, Royalties, JurisJLiions, and Pre-eminences whatever to the said Manors appendant or appertaining, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, as he or they might or could have held and enjoyed the fam;, in cate this Act had not been made.

General XL. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heir*

Sav,ng* and Succrfiors, and to the Company of Proprietors of the Leominster

Canal Navigation, and to all and every Person and P< rfons, and Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, all such Right, Title, and Interest (other than and except such as is and are hereby meant and inrended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished), as they, every, or 2ny of them had or enjoyed, or could or ought tp have had and enj yed, of, in, to, or out of the Lands or Grounds hereby dirtied to be divided, allotted, and indofrd, before the passing of this Av5I, or in case the fame had never been made.

Tmftees for XIJ. And be it further enacted, That the High Steward, the Recorder,

r«!*ting»Vhe l^e Bailiff, and Justices of the Peace for the said Town or Borough of improvement Leominster for the Time being respe&iv'rly, the Lord of the Manor and Borough Borough of Leominster for the Tune being, together with the Reverend

" Sir John Dutton Colt Baronet, the Honourable Thomas Harley Rodney,

Somerset Davies Esquire, William Wall Esquire, William llanhury Esquire, Thomas Smith Esquire, William Evans Esquire, the Reverend John Wall, the Reverend Whittington Landon Doflor in Divinity, the Reverend John Glajfe, the Reverend Thomas Jennings, the Reverend George Evans, the Reverend James Colt, the Reverend T homos Alban, the Reverend Thomas Vaughan, the Reverend Francis Coleman, the Reverend Smithies, Thomas

Coleman, John Morris, Nicholas Geary Doctor of Physiek, John Woodhouse, EJward Evans, Edward Woodhouse, Richard Haling, Joseph Hay ling, John Wynde, John Southall, Nicholas Mason, Havy Gatehouse, William Bedford, Bonham Caldwall, William Vale, William Vole the younger, Robert Evans, Thomas Smith, John Brown, John Coleman, Thomas Nicholls, Tobias Dav es* Richard Burlton, Thomas Tolder vey, James Baiky Toldervey, John Scarlet, Humphrey John Stone, William Precce, Philip Derry, Thomas Simpson, Edward Bannister the elder, Francis Edwards, and John Jones, bein^ qualified as herein-afeer mentioned, and their Successors 10 be elected at herein-after directed, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for carrying into Execution the several Powers and Authorities bercin-after given and granted to or veiled ip them by virtue of this Act.

For electing

XLII. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any of the new Tru ee«. Xrustees appointed by this Act, or to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned (except those who aie or shall be entitled to be Trustees by virtue of their OfficesJ, shall die or refute toad, or be rendered incapable of acting, by Sickness or any 0thsr Cause, then and in eveij such

Cafe

2869

k

k

'B*

!iu|

jMtj

itiej,

M

CftOt

Hein

tin.ltt

fes

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

Cafe the surviving or remaining Trustees shall from Time to Time, and they are hereby required, by Writing under their Hands, within One Calendar Month next after such Death, Refusal, or Incapacity to act shall happen, or as soon after as Occasion shall require, to appoint another Trustee in the Room or Place of every such Trustee so dying or refusing to act, or who shall become incapable of acting as aforesaid; and every such Trustee who shall be so appointed, having taken and subscribed the Oath herein-afttr directed to be taken and subscribed, shall have the fame Powers and Authorities by virtue of this Act as the Trustee in whole Place he shall succeed or be appointed was invested with, provided that Notice be given in the Parish Church of Leominster of the Time and Place of Meeting to choose every such Trustee, at least Fourteen Days before every such Meeting.

U or cut of

1

mi

corder, jugh of for aiul

'reread

[quire,

M ijp u, the

li>wi

f, Jlbl

ltd

urkfi

king

niiot

or the kcreii*

atN

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person Qualification shall be capable of bring elected a Trustee to act in the Execution of this of TruI ec*' Act (except such as shall be Trustees by virtue of their Offices), unless he shall be possessed in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, of an Estate Real or Personal, or both, of the Amount or Value of Fifteen hundred Pounds; nor unless he shall be feilVd in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, of an Eftare of Freehold or Copyhold, or both, in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly value of Fifty Pounds; nor shall any Person act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act during the Time of his holding any Place of Profit under this Act, nor in any Case where he shall be personally interested or concerned; nor shall any Person aft as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act (otherwise than in administering the Oath herein-after mentioned) until he shall have taken such Oath before any One or more of the said Trustees, who is and are hereby authorized and empowered to administer the same; (that is to say),

I A.B. do fwe2r, That I am truly and bond fide in the actual Possession Oath of 4 and Enjoyment [or. Receipt] of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Trullees*

4 Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds

above Repriles [or, possessed of or entitled to a Real or Personal Efface

to the Amount or Value of Fifteen hundred Pounds], and that I will faithfully, honestly, and impartially, according to the best of my Skill and Judgement, execute and perform the several Trusts, Powers, and Authorities vested and reposed in me as a Truffee, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,

intituled, An Act [here hferi the 'Title ofi this Atwithout Favour or Atieftion, Prejudice or Malice to any Person or Persons whomsoever,

'So help me GOD.*

Arid if any Person not being so qualified shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and tvery such Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as a*cresaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Piantiff or Prosecutcr, than that such Pcian hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided £f*9e* & Per.] 3? E nevetthelcL,

2870

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

nevenhtless, that all A<?b and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid, previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall notwithstanding such Conviction be as good, valid, and efEdual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

Trustees may

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees, as arc except^litle, or justices of the Peace, shall and may, and they are hereby cm-

ijitcreiteti. powered (in their respective Jurisdictions) to act as Justice's of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, nqtwi'hltahding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally intcrcited.

Mcwtingsof

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Lid Trustees, or any Seven t..« liuitcts. moie of shall meet together at the Town Hall, or at such other Place within the said Town or Borough of Leominster, as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit, within Twenty Days next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Morning and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon of the same Day, and proceed to the Execution of this Act; and the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, may then and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn themselves to meet at such Place or Places within the said Town or Borough of Lectninster, as they shall think fit, for putting this Act into Execution; and if at any of the said Meetings, the Trustees present shall omit or negkd to adjourn such Meeting to another Day, or it there shall not appear a Efficient Number of Trustees to adjourn (Two Trustees being hereby declared Efficient for the Purpoi'e of Adjournment only), then and in every such Case every such Meeting or intended Meeting shall be adjourned to the Fourteenth Day next after the Day on which the Meeting was held, or such intended Meeting was appointed to be held, and so from Fourteen Days to Fourteen Days until a Efficient Number of the said Trustees do or shall meet and adjourn; and Eight Days publick Notice of every such Adjournment shall be given by the Clerk to the said Trustees as herein-after mentioned; and at any Meeting of the said Trustees, no Business shall be begun or proceeded upon before the Hour of Ten in the Forenoon, nor shall any Adjournment be made to any later Hour than Three in the Afternoon, and the said Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Expences.

Annual M;et-

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven

tS«gfAc-et" or more of them, shall and may and they are hereby required to meet at the counts." Place or Places aforesaid on the First Thursday in the Month of March

yearly, which Meeting shall be called a General Meeting of the said Trustees, and at all such General Meetings the Accounts of all the Monies received and paid from Time to Time, by virtue and in pursuance of so much of this Act as relates to the paving and improving the said Town and Borough of Leominster> by any Person or Persons whomsoever, shall be produced, stated, examined, and settled, and verified on the Oath or Oaths of the Person or Persons accounting for the lame, which Oath or Oa<hs the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized ana empowered to administer.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. i^S.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where Notice is by this Act directed to be giver, of any Meeting of the Bid Trustees, or of any Thing to be done by thy Ciid Trustees, or any of them, in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, such N rtice shall be in Writing, and signed by the Clerk to . the said 1 rofte-s, or by any One or more of the said Trustees', and Affixed upon the Door of the Parish Church of Leominster aforesaid. on some Sunday Morning immediately before Divine Service, ac half Eight Days brtdre such intended Meeting (except in such Cases wherein a different Time is hereby directed for fetch Notice to be given and then for the Tim.- so directed) j and that in every such Notice, the Time of Meeting of the said Trtiflees, and the particular Business or Thing intended to De transacted or done thereat, shall be mentioned and fee forth.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That at every Meeting of the Trustees to be held in pursuance of this Act, the iiultces then present, r the major Part of them, shall name and appoint, or otherwise elect by Ballot, a Chairman or President of such Meeting* and all Questions proposed or agitated at every such Meeting shall be determined by the Majority of the Trustees then preienc; and in case of an equal: Number of Voices or Votes of the Trustees lo assembled upon any such Qutftitfrt, including the Voice or Vote of the said Chairman or President, then the Chairman or President shall have the calling and decisive Voice or Vote; and all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to or vested in the said Trustees, shall and may from Time to i ime be excreded by the major Part of them prftenc at any Meeting to be hojden in pursuance of this Act, the whole Number prclent at such Meeting not being less than Seven j and all the Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees present at such their several Meetings shall have the fame Force a d Eifedt as if the lame were made or done by all the said Trustees for the Time being (save and except as may be herein excepted).

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk to the said Trustees shall cause fair and regular Entries co be made in a Bock or Books to be kept for that Purpose of all the Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Trustees relative to the Execution of this Act, and the Chaw man of every Meeting, and the Clerk to the said Trusttes, shall always subscribe their Names at the End of the said Proceedings> and the said Cicik shall and he is hereby required to enter in the said Book or Books the Names of at least Seven of the Trustees who were actually p re lent at any such Meeting i and all Entries in such Book or Books Being signed as aforesaid shall be deemed original Entries, and shall be allowed to be read as Evidence in all Courts and upon all Occasions whatever i and ac any of their Meetings, and at all other convenient and reasonable Times, fuqh Book or Books shall be open to the Inspection of all and every the said Trustees.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time, at the fiift or any other of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of, this Act, to cleft and appoint fit and proper Persons to be a Treasurer, Clerk, and Surveyor, and also such other Officers for the Execution of the several Poweis and Authorities given and granted to the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, as they shall think proper.

2S71

Notice of Meeting* to be given.

A Chairman to be appointed.

All the Power* of the Act 10 he exercisrdlty a Majority of

pioceediiiggof the I; uif's to be entered m Hooks.

Trustees may appoint Officers, &c.

2872

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

proper, and may from Time to Time remove such Treasurer, Clerk, and other Officers, as they shall see Occasion, and out of the Monies to be received by them the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay such Salaries and Allowances to the said Treasurer, Clerk, and other Officers, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take such sufficient Security from each such Treasurer, Clerk, and other Officer, for the due Execution of his or their Office, as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and all such Officers so to be appointed shall under their Hands, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act; and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officers respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursed and for what Purpose, rogether with proper Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain due from them respectively to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and every such Treasurer shall, on the First Thursday in the Month of March yearly, or at the Fiift Meeting of the said Trustees then next following (although not thereunto required by the said Trustees), lay his Accounts before the said Trustees, in order that the fame may be audited, pasted, and allowed by them, if approved of by the said Trustees; and in case any such Treasurer or other Officer shall not make and render, or shall neglect or refute to verify upon Oath (which Oath any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer), any such Account, or to produce or deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Trustees, or to such Person as they shall appoint, within Fourteen Days next after being the reunto required by Notice in Writing signed by the said Trustees, or any Two of them* and given to or left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Treasurer or other Officer, all Rocks, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or give Satisfaction to the said Trustees respecting the fame; and if Complaint shall be made thereof by or on Behalf of the said Trustees to any Justice of the Pea*.e for the County, Town, or Place where such, Treasurer or other Officer shall be or reside, such Justice is hereby authorized and requited, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cauie such TreTurer or other Officer so refusing or neglecting to be brought before him, and upon his appearing or not being found, to hear and determine the Matter of CoixipUmt in a summary Way; and if upon the Confetti on of the Party, or by the Testimony of One credible Witness upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Money that shall have been col left cd and raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Treasurer or other Officer, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required to otder the Payment thereof, and upon Non-payment thereof, by Wat rant under his Hand and Seal to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and bale of the Goods and Chattels of such Treasurer or uther Officer, together with the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, to be settled and afcci-tained by such Justice, and which he is hereby authorized and empowered to settle and ascertain, rendering the Overplus (if any) to die Party or 8 Baltics

2873

48' GEORGII III. Gap. 148.

Parties whole Goods and Chattels ffiajl be , To distrained, or leaving the fame at the Placewhere the Distress shall be made $ or if it shall in Manner aforesaid appear that any such Treasurer or other Officer shall refuse or neglect to render and give such Account, or to verify the lame as aforesaid, or to produce the Vouchers relating thereto, or that any Books,

Papers, or Writing relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Treasurer or other Officer, and he shall have refuted or neglected to deliver or give Satisfaction respecting the ffime as aforesaid, then such Justice shall commit such Treasurer or other Officer to the Common Gaol for the said County of Hereford, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or shall have compounded with the Paid Trustees touching the fame, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and receive), or until he shall deliver up all such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof as aforesaid; but no Person who shall have been so committed as aforesaid shall remain in Prison for any longer Time than, Six Calendar Months.

t l. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be Actions to he brought by the Order of the said Trustees against any Person or Persons brought^n^the 'by virtue of this Act, the fame may be brought in the Name of their Treasurer or Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any One of the said Trustees on. Clerk. Behalf of the said Trustees; and no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name the Tame shall be brought, nor by the Act of such Person or Persons without the Consent of the said Trustees at a Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act; but no such Treasurer, Clerk, or Vrustee, or any cr either of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any Costs or Expences on Account thereof, but all such Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out "of the Money arising by virtue of this Act.

LH. And be it further enacted, That all the present and future Pave- present and ments, Tlagllones, and Curbitones in the several Streets, Lanes, and other ,u‘u^ publick Passages and Places in the said Town or Borough of Leominster, in the Trui-and the Stones, Gravely and other Materials, of which as well the Foot- tees-ways as Carriageways of such Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places do and shall consist; and also all Lamps, Lamp Irons, Lamp Polls, Watch Boxes, WatcIV Houses, and other Houses and Buildings which shall be erected or fixed up by virtue of this Act by the said Trustees, and all Materials, Implements, and other Things which shall be purchased or provided by the said Trustees for the s of this Act, shall belong to and be the Property of and the fame is and are hereby vetted in the said Trustees; and the said Trustees shall and may cause to be brought-any Action or Actions, or direct the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictment (as the Case may require) against any Person or Persons who shall steal, rake, or carry away, detain, spoil, injure, or destroy the several Articles and Things hereby vested in them the said Trustees as aforesaid, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively, it shall be sufficient to state generally that the Article or Artiqles,

Thing or Things, for or on Account of which such Action or Actions [£<*. & Per.] 32 F frail

a874 48° GEORGII III. Cap. i48.

shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property of The Trustees for the Improvement of the Town or Borough of Leominster in the Cotinry of Hereford, without particularly mentioning or specitying the Name or Names of all or any of such Trustees; and the said Trustees shall have full Power and Authority from Time to Time to sell and dispose of, for the Purposes of this Act, all or any of the said Articles and Things, or any Part or Parts of the fame respectively, to such Per fort or Persons, and in such Manner, as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously break up, injure, destroy, or otherwise damage any of the Articles or Things hereby vested in them the said Tiullces, or any of the Works done by them in pursuance of this Act, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Power for the

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said vtfthe Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and required from Time to Street!,6etc. Time, to cause the several Streets, Lanes, and other publick Pafljges

and Places within the said Town or Borough ot Leom;vfter> or any P«.rc or Parts thereof, as well the Carriage as Footways, to be new paved, flagged, repaired, and amended, and the Pavements and Flagging thereof to be taken up and re-Lid, and the Ground thereof to be raised, lowered, or altered from Time to Time, in such Manner and with such Materials as they the said Trustees shall think fit; and the Bridges to be widened and altered from Time to Time in such Manner and with such Materials as they shall think fit; and to cause to be cut or made in, through, over, or under any of the said Streets, Lines, puoiick Passages and Places, any new Tunnels, Gufers, Sinks, Drains, Sewers, or Watercourses for conveying the Wa:er from the same respectively; and also to cause any of the present Gutters, Sinks, Drains, Sewers, and Watercourses to be flopped up, or opened or widened, and the Form thereof to be altered, turned, varied, or changed, in such Manner as they the said Trustees shall think fit; and ic shall be lawful fur the said Trustees to take up, remove, or cause to be taken up and removed, ail or any Polls, Rails, Pales, or Trees in such Streets, Lanes, Passages, or Places, or any of them, as they the said Trustees shall judge uklcfs, or to be a Nuisance or Obstruction to Foot Passengers, Horles, or Carnages; and also to erect and place up all such Polls and Rails, Embankment;* and other Fences, for the P ot ft ion jnd Safety of Travellers cr Persons rcloriing to the said Town of Leominster, as they shall see necessary.

Bailiff and

LIV. And it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Bur-ff-s not shall extend or be conftrted to extend to exempt, exonerate, or discharge nerat^Xfrom £he said Baikff and Capital Burgesses of the said Town or Borou»h from the Rep ij of any Experce cr Expences they are now liable to ft m repairing and keep-Bruiges, &c. ,ng ,n K«rp».iir ar y Blidge or Bridges acro s the said Rivers running through or near the said Town or B. ro^ gh, but that the Lid B dliff and Burgesses ft.all repair am k cp in Repair the said Bridge and Brides, in such and the fan e Manrei s herein*before, and as if this Act had not been passed; ai.y i hing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Pavc-m

wi h i C r, 1 rulic

l"nt i v. And be it fu'thrr masted, That if any Person or Persons shall at "the an; rm.e take up the faiu Pavements and flagging, or any Part thereof,

or

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148. 2875

or make or cause to be made any Ateracion in any Tunnel, Gutter, Sink,

Drain, Sewer, or Watercourse in any Street. Lane, publick Passage, or Place in the said Town or Borough of Leonrin[tery without the previous Consent in Writing of the said Trustees, every such Person so offending shall for every loch Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in case the Person or Persons lb taking up any such Pavement or Flagging, or any Part of the fame respectively, or any such Tunnel, Gutter, Sink, Drain, Sewer, or Watercourse, shall not within Two Days after Notice in Writing by the Surveyor to the said Trustees* given to or left at the last or usual Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, cause the fame Pavemenc and Flagging respectively which shall have been so taken up to be re-instated, and the Tunnel,

Gutter, Sink, Drain, Sewer, or Watercourse so altered to be put into its former State, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Surveyor to the said Trustees to cause the fame respectively to be so done, the Costs and Charges whereof shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons who shall have taken up or altered such Pavement or Flagging,

Tunnel, Gutter, Sink, Drain, Sewer, or Watercourse, or any Part thereof respectively; and in case of Non-payment thereof on Demand, such Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered in such and the like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act directed to be levied and recovered.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Householder or House- inhabitants to holders within the said Town or Borough of Leominster shall make Complaint in Writing, under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, and shall leave wi.entbe^ the fame at the last or usual Place of Abode of the Surveyor to the said Pavement* Trustees, of any Defect or Want of Repair in any of the Pavements of Repaint any of the said Highways, Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, either before or after the same shall have been new paved or repaired by virtue of this Act Four Days before the next Meeting of the said Trustees, then and in every such Case the said Surveyor shall view the said Pavements, and report the Condition thereof to the said Trustees at their next Meeting i and if the said Surveyor, to whom such Notice shall be given or left as aforesaid, shall upon such View find the Pavements complained of to be bad or defective, the said Trustees shall and may order their Contrador or Contradors, Pavior or Paviors, to repair the fame within such Time as the said Trustees shall judge necessary for the Repair thereof, which Time shall be specified in such Order; and if the Contrador or Contractors, Pavior or Paviors, to whom such Order shall be given, shall not repair and amend such Pavements within such Time as he or they shall be directed by the said Trustees to repair and amend the fame, then and in every such Case the said Contrador or Contradors, Pavior or Paviors, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Day that the fame bad or defective Pavement shall remain unrepaired after the Time limited by the said Trustees in their said Order; and One Moiety of every such Penalty shall be applied and paid to such complaining Inhabitant, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the said Sur- (hafu^X. veyoT shall, on any such View or Views, be of Opinion that the Pavement <‘1=,‘/ave-or Pavements mentioned to be bad or defective by such Householder or *5!w"7ht8’

6 Householders T.rultV*to

view the famei

S876

Trustees m*y Contracts.

than Three Years,

Trustees may compound with Persons for Breach of Contracts.

Contracts to be signert by the Trustees,

For getting Materials lo repair the Streets, &c.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

Householders' in such Notice is not bad or defective, then and in such

Cafe the said Trustees shall forthwith proceed to view the said Pavements, and their Opinion and Order concerning the same, after such View, shall be final and conclusive j any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful fur the said Trustees to enter into any Contract or Contracts for paving, flagging, repairing, cleansing, and lighting the Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places within the said Town or Borough of Leominster, or any of them, or for furnishing Materials, or any Matters or necessary Things whatsoever, or for any of such Purposes; bur before any such Contract or Contracts shall be entered into, Ten Days Norice at the least shall be given in some publick Newspaper circulated in the said County of Hereford, expressing the Purpose or Purposes of such Contract or Contracts, in order that any Person or Persons willing to undertake the fame may make Proposals for that Purpose, to be offered to the said Trustees at a certain Time and Place in such Notice to be mentioned; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take Security from every such Contrador for the due Performance of his or her Contract.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That no such Contract or Contracts shall be deemed good or valid if the same shall have been made for a longer Space or Term than Three Years from the Time of entering into such Contract or Contracts.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to compound and agree with any Person or Persons on account of any Breach or Nonperformance of such Contract or Contracts, for such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, so as the Sum so compounded and agreed for be net less than the Injury or Damage sustained by the Breach or Non-performance of such Contractor Contracts, and all Colls, Charges, and Expences which shall be occasioned thereby.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That every such Conrract or Contracts shall specify the several Works to be done, and the Prices to be received or paid for the same, and the Time or Times when the said Works, shall be completed, and the Penalties to be suffered in case of Non-perT formance thereof, and shall be signed by the said Trustees, and also by, the Person or Persons contracting to perform such Works respectively j which Contract or Contracts shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to che said Trustees.

LXII. And be it further enacted, Thar it shall be lawful for the Surveyor to the said Trustees, and to and for all such Persons as he shall appoint, to search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials for making or repairing the Highways within the said Town or Borough intended to be paved, amended, and repaired by the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, out of or from any \Vafte Ground, River, or Brook in the Parish of Leonunjier, or in any adjacent Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, Diitmt, or Place, without paying any Thing for the fame, the said Surveyor or other Person or Persons

28 77

BKKs

r>«m

*to[

'tt, or

a feme

)ftEn» tilt any Wjf ne and ullaai 5ori«

iwSi esau; into

he Iiii

spoiisi

rfc IS of

a and

litadi

irges.

Cot-to be folks s-per-

Mf

eiyi

»iSC

Sot-

jbiii

S01

tip

and

any

PI

i\&

0

lid

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

Persons acting by his Appointment, filling up the Pits or Quarries levelling the Ground, or (loping down the Banks where such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or other Persons as aforesaid may, by Order of the said Trustees (such Order to be made at some Meeting of the said Trustees to be Holden in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor, attested and signed by the Clerk to the said Trustees), search for, cut, dig, get, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, off, from, and out of the private Lands, Fields, and Grounds of any Person or Persons where the fame may be had or found, such Lands, Fields, cr Grounds not being a Garden, Orchard, Yaid,

Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to any House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, making or tendering such S itisfadion for the Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the same shall be cur, dug, gotten, gathered, and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Materials for making and repairing the said Highways 3nd Streets shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Grounds, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyors, or other Person or Per* ions employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers of any of them, concerning such Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for One or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Materials shall be so cur, dug, gotten, gathered, taken and carried away, or over which the same shall be carried, on Seven Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

LXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall Notice to be not He lawful for any Surveyor, or other Person or Persons atting under occupfers of the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any iocio/ea Lands Materials for repairing such Highways or Streets, out of or hom any rf^ar^tobe inclosed Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing signtd by the Sur- taken., veyor shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises, from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace atting for the County or Place where such Premises shall lie, to shew Caule why such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in such Case the said Trustees or Inch Justice or Justices shall and may authorize such Surveyor or other Person or Persons to dig, get, gather, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to the said Trustees or Justice or Justices shall ft cm prope-r; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his or her Agent pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or such Justice or Justices shall and may make such Order therein as rhey respectively shall think proper, as fully and effectually to all Indents and Purports a§ if such Occupier or his or her Agent had attended.

[Lw. Per.~\ 32 G

2878

Penalty on taking away Materials got by Order of tht Surveyor.

Directing

rials for Paving may be lodged.

Paviors and C31 ters to be appointed, and llorfes and Carts to be put chafed.

Trustees may direct the Streets to be cleansed.

Scavenger's

Duty.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall remove or take away any Stones or Gravel, or any Materials laid upon such' Highways or Streets, or upon any Part thereof, for the Repair thereof, without the Order of the said Trustees or of their Surveyor for that Purpose; or if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall take away any Stones or Gravel, or any Materials which shall have been dug or gathered by or by the Order of the said Trustees or their Surveyor, in any Lands, Fields, or Waste Grounds, River or Brook, for the Purpose of amending such Highways or Street*, or any Part or Parts thereof; or shall get or take away any Stones or Gravel or Materials out of any Pit or Quarry, which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Highways and Streets, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyor or his Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Three Weeks (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Grounds, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his or her own private Use only and not for SateJ, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for any such Offence any Sura not exceeding Ten Shillings.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That during the Time any Street, Lane, Passage, or Place in the said Town or Borough, shall be new paving, flagging, or repairing, or any of the Grates, Drains, or other Sewers therein shall be altering or repairing, the said Trustees shall have Power to order the necessary Materials to be lodged in that or any adjoining Street, Lane, Passage or Place, or Streets, Lanes, Passages or Places, according to their Discretion; as also to flop the Way through that or any adjacent Highway, Street, Lane, Passage or Place, and continue the fame so flopped so long as they shall judge necessary; and the said Trustees, and all Persons acting by or under their Direction as aforesaid, are hereby indemnified from any Profocution or Action whatsoever relpeding the same.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time to appoint such and so many Paviors, Artificers, Workmen, Labourers, Carters and others, and also to purchase such Horses, Carts, Tools, and Implements as they shall judge necessary for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to nominate and appoint any Person or Persons for the Pur poles of cleansing the Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places within the said Town or Borough of Leominster, and for carrying away the Dust, Dirt, Filth, Rubbish, Cinders, or Ashes from any Floufe or Houses, or other Premises within the lame; or it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to contract with any Person or Persons for cleansing the fame, and for carrying away the Dust, Dirt, Cinders, or Ashes from any House or Houses, or other Premises within the same.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons employed by or contradling with the said Trustees for cleansing the Streets, Lanes, publick Passages and Places within the said Town or Borough of Leominster, or the Person or Persons employed or acting under the Direction of such Person or Persons so contracting with the said Trustees, shall once

48° GEORGII III. Caf.tt'S. 2879

once in every Week (that is to say) on every Saturday, and also *>n such other Days, and at or between such Hours as the said Trustees shall from Time to Time appoint, sweep, and collect together all Dult, Dirt, Filth, or Rubbish in such Streets, Lanes, publick Passages and Places, and also lb all bring, or cause to be brought, a Carr or other proper Carriage into such Streets, Lanes, publick Passages and Places where such Cart or other Carriage can pass, and shall at his or their Approach with such Cart or ether Carriage, and not before, by Sound of Bell or otherwise, give Notice to the Inhabitants of his or their coming, and give the like Notice in every Court, Passage, or Place into which such Cart or Carriage cannot pass; and such Person or Persons so employed by or contending with the said Trustees shall immediately take the Dust, Dirt, Rubbish, Cindtrs,

Ashes, and other Filth (except Filth from any Privy or Neceftary House), from the respective Premises in such several Streets, Lanes, publick Passages and Places, and put the fame into such Cart or Carriage; all which Dust, Dirt, Rubbish, Cinders, Allies, and Filth (except as aforesaid), as well as all such Dust, Dirt, Dung, Allies, and other Filth, as shall be swept up and collected together as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall then immediately, or as soon as may be, carry away, or cause to be carried away to the Place or Places appointed for depositing the fame, upon pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Offence or Negied: therein; and the Person or Persons so employed or contracting as aforesaid, shall cause the Words Scavenger's Cart to be painted in large Roman Letters on the Front or on some other conspi--cuous Part of every Cart or Carriage used for the Purposes aforesaid, on pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Negied therein.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Fcrpreventing whomsoever shall throw, call or lay, or cause to be thrown, cast or laid, Persons throw-any Dust, Dirt, Dung, Offal, Rubbish, Ashes, or other Filth whatso- the Street"'° ever, into or in any Street, Lane, or other publick Passage ox P.ace within the said Town or Borough of Leominster (except as herein excepted), every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings-, or if any Person or Persons whomsoever shall thiow or cast any such Dust, Dirt, Dung, Offal, Rubbish,

Ashes, or other Filth or Thing whatsoever into any Sewer, Drain, Sink, or Watercourse under the Direction of the said Trustees, within the said Town or Borough, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding T en Shiilings.

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein penalty not to contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to subject any Person whomsoever to any Penalty by this Act inflicted for or on Account of any Din o< ca°.r Rubbish or Dirt being laid or placed in such Street, Lane, publick Passage JLned »>y or Place as aforesaid, occasioned by the building, pulling down, altering, rfp\?nng°r or repairing his or her House or other Building, so as there be full and Houses, sufficient Space, in the Opinion of the said Trustees, or their Surveyor for the Time being, left in or at the Side of the Street, Lane, publick Passage or Place where such Rubbish or Dirt shall lie or be placed, for Cairiages to pass and repass, and a sufficient Way kept clear for Foot Passengers by the Person or Persons laying or causing such Rubbish or Directo be hid or placed, and so as a sufficient Light be at his, her, or

38So 48° GEORGII III. Cap. r49.

their own Expence set and maintained at the Place where such Rubbish or Dirt shall be so laid or placed, from Sunset to Sunrife, to present any Hurt or Mischief happening to Passengers or Catde, and so as the lame be inclosed and fenced about in such Manner and within, such Time as the said Trustees shall, by any Notice to be by their Order given to or left with such Person or Persons, direct and appoint, and so as such Rubbish or Dirt be removed at the Expence of the Person or Persons so laying or causing the same to be Lid, within a Time to be expressed in a Notice to be in like Manner given by the said Trustees.

Wo Person but

LXXL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons ^removeIny whomsoever (other than the Person or Persons employed by the f d Dirt, Dust, Trustees for cleansing the several Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages kc* or Places within the said Town, or the Person or Persons so contract .<g

as aforesaid) shall take or carry away, or cause to be taken or canied away, any Dust, Dirt, Dung, Ashes, or other Filth, out of any such Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places as aforesaid, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Personatob® Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings: Provided alw ays, that nothing herein kecpoXpose contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent any Person or of Dull, kc Persons from preserving and keeping any Soil, Dirt, Dust, Dung, Ames, ©ft.thcU °Wn Cinders, Manure, Muck, Filth, or Rubbish, which shall have arisen or have been made within his, her, or their Houses, Yards, or other Premises, or for making use of the fame for the Purpose of manuring any Lands in his, her, or thrir Occupation, fb as such Soil, Dirt, Dust, Cinders, Dung, Ashes, Manure, Muck, Filth, or Rubbish, be not laid down or placed in any Street, Lane, publick Passage or Place within the said Town or Borough of Leominster, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for loading and carrying away the fame, nor be suffered to remain so as to be any Annoyance to any of the Inhabitants of the said Town or Borough; but in case any Person or Persons reserving such Soil, Dirt, Dust, Dung, Ashes, Cinders, Manure, Muck, Filth, or Rubbish, shall thereby annoy any of the said Inhabitants, or shall permit or suffer the fame 10 remain in any such Street, Lane, publick Passage or Place for any longer Time than Two Days before the lame shall be carried away or removed, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every Day such Annoyance shall be suffered to remain after the Time limited as aforesaid.

Direction for

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Occupiers of ♦weepingFoot Houses or other Buildings in the several Streets, Lanes, publick Passages at's’ and Places within the said Town or Borough of Leominster, shall and they

are hereby required to cause to be well and fufiickntly cleansed and swept the Foot Ways or Foot Pavements before, behind, and at the Sides of their respective Houses or 01 her Buiklings (as the Situation thereof shall require), and also so much of the Carriage Way as shall extend One Foot beyond the Channel or Gutter next to such Foot Paths or Ways, at such Days and Times, and before such Hour.', as the said Trustees shall from Time to Tin e appoint, upon pain of forfeiting and paying for every Neglect therein any Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Sixpence.

Time of emp- LXX1U. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall empty

j£ySHNou"!f »y Necessary H. use, or carry any Night Soil along any Street, Lane, or directed. - Y\ ", Other

283i

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

other publick P;ffige or Place within the said Town or Borough of Leominster, before the Hour of Eleven of the Clock at Night in any Parc of the Year, or after the Hour of Four in the Morning between Lady Day and Michaelmas Day, or after the Hour of 3ix in the Morning between Michaelmas Day and Lady Dayt or put or caffc any Night Soil in or near any of the kid Streets, Lanes, or other publick Past'ages and Places, every Person io offending shall for every such Offence foricit and pay any Sum noc exceeding Twenty Shillings.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall, without the previous Consent in Writing of the Lid Trustees, make or branch without uhc any Drain into any publick Sewer or Drain under the Management or e xtent ct the Direction of the said Trustees, every such Person so offending shall for J every such Sewer or Drain forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenry then- Leave to Shillings, and all private Sewers or Drains now made, or which shall [hei/orrfer. hereafter with the Consent of the said Trustees be made, within any Street, Lane, publick Passage or Place within the said Town or Borough of Lecmivjler, and which do or shall issue into any publick Sewer or Drain under the Management or Direction of the said Trustees, shall be repaired and cleansed, under the Direction of the Surveyor or other proper Officer of the said Trustees, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or the respective Owners of the Houses, Lands, or Tenements to which such private Sewer or Drain doth or shall belong, such Costs and Charges to be ascertained and settled, in case of Dispute, by some Justice of the Peace for the said Town or Borough of Leminder, which shall, on Nonpayment thereof on Demand, be levied and recovered by Warrant of such Justice by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Occupier or respective Occupiers of the Premises; and all such Occupiers, their Executors and Administrators, are hereby empowered to deduct and retain out of their respective Rents such Costs and Charges as they re-Jpedlively shall pay for or on Behalf of the Owner or respective Owners of such Premises respectively; which Costs and Charges so paid shall be considered as Money actually paid for Rent due or to become due to such Owner or respective Owners, who shall allow the Deduction upon the Receipt of the Remainder of his, her, or their Rent or respective Rents.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Provssion fot Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time t<? sa-elts8 Time, and at any Time or Times hereafter, to purchase and provide, or cause to be purchased and provided, such and so many Glass Lamps of fu.ch Sorts and Sizes, and also such and so many Lamp Lons and Lamp P.ofts as they shall judge necessary, and to direct the same to be affixed or set up, upon or against the Walls or Pah fades of all or any of the fever ai Houses or Buildings, or upon or against any other Walls, or in or upon inch other Places within the said Town or Borough, and to be altered, taken down, or renewed in such Manner as they shall think fit, and to cause such Lamps, or any of them, to be lighted at all Times of the Year, or at such Sealons of the Year, on- such Evenings and ac such Hours of the Evening, and to be kept burning for so many Hours as shall to them seem necessary and proper for the well and sufficiently lighting of all or any of the said Streets, Lanes, publick Passages and Places within the said Town or Borough.

[Lee. & fV.] 32 H

a 882

Pe a’»y for w 1 ul:> da. maging of

Satisfaction for accident

48° GEORGII III. Cap. is,8.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Per fori or Persons shall wilfully break, throw down, di (place, or damage any Lamp or Lamps already set up, or that shall be let up by virtue of this Act by order of the said Trustees, or by any Person or Persons at his, her, or their own Expence, for the Purpose of lighting any ct the said Streets, Lanes, publick Passages or Places, or shall wilfully exiinguish the Light or Lights within the same, or shall throw down or damage the Polls, Irons, Covers, or other Furniture of any such Lamp, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee any such Offence committed, ro seize, and also for any other Person or Persons whomsoever to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders, and by the Authority of this Act, and without any Warrant or other Authority, to convey and deliver him, her, or them, into the Custody of a Watchman or Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before iome Joffice of the Peace for the said Town or Borough of Leomirjler or County of Hereford', and such Justice shall proceed to examine, upon Oath, any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to gtve Information or Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Party or Patties accused shall be convicted either by his, her, or t heir Confession, or upon such Information or Evidence as aforesaid, then and in every Inch Cafe he, flie, and they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and shall moreover pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be deemed by such Justice to be a full Sathfadion for the Damage so by him, her, or them done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay such Forfeiture, and also such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House of Conedion of and for the said Town or Borough or County, there to be kept ro hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months j and such Offender or Offenders shall not bedischarged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, she, or they shall be io committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and given.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Per-al fons shall carelessly, negligently, or accidentally break, throw down, or damage any Lamp or Lamps hung out or set up by Order of the said Trustees, or by any Person or Persons at his, her, or their private Expence, or the Ports, Irons, Covers, or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately upon Demand make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for any justice of the Peace for the said Town or Borough or County of Hereford, upon C mplaint to him made by One or more credible Witness or Witnesses to summon before him the Party or Parties who shall be complained of for so doing such Damage as aforesaid and upon hearing the Allegation and Proof on both Sides, or on Non-appearance of the Party of Parties so complained of, to award such Sum or Sums of Money by Way of Satisfaction to the said Trustees, or to the ether Owner or Owners of such Lamp or Lamps (as the Case shall be) for such Damages, as such Justice shall think reasonable; and in case of Ni-gled or Rtfoial to pay any Sum or Sums of Money so awarded within Ten Days after Demand it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required to cause the same to be raffed and levied in such and the like Manner as any Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures are by this Act directed to be raised and levied.

48° GEORGII in Cap. 148. 28%

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall Atid pcwerfor may, if they think fit, from Time to Time appoint such Nuirtoer of to

abir-boditd Men as they shall judge proper to be employed as Watchmen Watchmen, within the said Town or Borough during the Nighc-tim?, under such Regulations and subject to such Orders and Directions as the said Trustees shall make and give from Time to Time in that Btrhaif, rnd to provide proper Watch Houses, Watch Boxes, or Places for the Reception of such Watchmen, and for safe Custody of such Persons a3 may bC appro hended by such Watchmen, while on Duty, and to pay such Watchmen reasonable Wages or Allowances, and also to appoint One or mote fit Person or Persons in the Stead of any Watchman or Watchmen who dial I die, or who shall be discharged from his or their Office for Neglect cf Duty, or other Misbehaviour in Office; and also to iinpose from Time to Time any Fine, not exceeding Ten Shillings, on any Watchman or Watchmen for every such Neglect of Duty or other Misbehaviour (such Fine to be deduced out of the Wages of such Watchman or Watchmen), and from Time to Time to make such Orders and Regulations as they the said Trustees shall judge expedient for the better Government of the Watchmen to be so appointed, and to repeal such Orders and Regulation?;, or any of them, and to substitute others; and it shall be lawful for such Watchmen, and ihey are hereby required in their re-spe Clive Stations, to apprehend and secure in fume proper Place or Places of Security, to be for that Purpose provided or appointed within the said Town or Borough, all MalefaClors, Rogues, Vagabonds, and Disturbers of the publick Peace, and ad (ufptcled Persons who shall be found wandering or misbehaving themselves during the Hours of keeping Watch, and to conduct all such Persons, as soon as conveniently may oe, before some Justice of the Peace for the said Town or Borough or for the said County, to be examined and dealt with according to Lav/.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Victualler or Keeper Penalty on of any Publick House shall knowingly harbour or entertain, or suffer to ^bounnS remain in his or her Publick House, any such Watchman as aforesaid, dur- w;nc!2 ing any Part of the Time appointed for his being on Duty, every such jyhileou Victualler or Keeper shall on Conviction forfeit and pay for the First Jty‘ Offence any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings; an I for the Second and every other Offence of the same Kind, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings,

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Power tore-Trustees to give such Rewards in Money to the Watchmen respectively watchmen* to be appointed as aforesaid, who may be disabled or wounded in the Execution of their Office, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, such Money to be paid out of the Monies to be raised for the Purposes of this Act.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Occupier of every occupier- of House, Building, or Tenement within the said Town or Borou&h, shall, ",estotake and he and (he is hereby required, at his or her own Cods and Charges’ within Fourteen Days after Nonce in Writing, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, delivered to such Occupier, or left at his or her ufusl or last Place of Abode, to cause all Posts which the said Trustees shall think ufeiefs or inconvenient, and likewise all Steps, Iron, or other Rails,

Palisades,

2884

On Neglect, Trufbcs to take down Signs, &c.

Penalty on Persons leaving open

Trufieei may allow the Expellees of Alterations.

so prevent

Accidents by ffire,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

Palisades, Pillars, Walls, or Fences projecting over or upon the Foot Paths within any of the said Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or Places to be taken down, removed, or altered, and a!so all Windows, Hatches, and Doors opening and leading over, upon, or from the said Foot Paths into Vaults, Cellars, Entries, or under Kitchens, to be removed or altered, so that the feme may not be dangerous or incommodious to Passengers; and all Signs, or other Emblems used to denote the Trade, Occupation, or Calling of any such Occupier; and all Sign Ports, Sign Irons, Penthouses, Porches, Sheds, Shew Glades, and Shew Boards, Watering Tubs, Troughs, Pumps, and Stalls projecting into any of the said Streets, Lanes, publick Passages and Places, to be taken dov\n and removed; and in case any such Occupier shall neglect or refuse so to do, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to cauie the same to be taken down, removed, carried away, altered, or reformed in such Manner as they shall think proper, and to cause such Signs or other Emblems, or such Part or Parts thereof as they may think proper, to be affixed or placed in the Fronts of the Houses, Shops, Warc-houses, or Buildings where to they belong or were before affixed, and not otherwise, and shall return to the Owner thereof lb much and such Part or Parts of the said Signs or other Emblem Sign Ports, Sign Irons, and Shew Boards, and of the Materials of the said Penthouses, Sheds, and other Things so taken down, removed, carried away, altered, or reformed, as shall not otherwise have been made use of; and the Coils, Charges, and Expences incurred thereby, shall be paid out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act, in case of Non-payment thereof, and shall and may be recovered of the Occupier of such House, Building, or Tenement, by Dirtrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Occupier so refusing or neglecting to pay the fame; and if any Cellar Window', Cellar Door, or under Entry, or Kitchen shall be left open after Sunlec in any Evening, or be opened before Sun-rising in the Morning without being sufficiently lighted to prevent Accidents happening therefrom, then and in every such Case the Occupier of such Cellar, Vault, under Entry, or Kitchen, shall for every such Offence foifeic and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

LXXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby, authorized and empowered, upor* Application made to them for that Purpose by the Owner or Occupier of any House or other Building, to allow and pay to such Owner or Occupier, out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, such-Sum or Sums of Money towards the Expence which may have been incurred by such Owner or Occupier by the taking down, removing, or altering any such Ports, Steps, Iron or other Rails, Palisades, Walls, Fences, Windows, Hatches, and Doors, Signs or Sign Ports, Sign Irons, Penthouses, Porches, Sheds, Show Glasses, and Shew Boards, Watering Tubs, Troughs, Pumps, and Stalls, as the said Trustees' shall think reasonabltT or proper; provided that every such Alteration or Removal shall have been made agreeably to the Orders and under the Directions of the said Trustees.

LXXXIII. And, in order to prevent Accidents by Fire, and to encourage Persons to assist in extinguishing the fame, be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the Owner or Occupiej of $ any

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 148. 2885

Any House, Building, or Outhouse in which any Chimney shall at any Time or Times hereafter happen to be on fire, shall pay to the Person or Persons who shall bring and work the First Engine, the Sum of Ten Shillings; such Money to be recovered in such Manner as any Penalties, or Forfeitures by this Act impoi'ed are diieded to be recovered.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Occupier of every House, Occupiers of Building, or Tenement in the said Town or Borough, shall and he or she is hereby required, at his or her own Costs and Charges, within such and Gutters* Time and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall from Time to lime by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to be delivered to every such Occupier as aforesaid, or left at his or her usual or last Place of Abode, direct to take down, or cause to be taken down, all Spouts and Gutters which now or hereafter shall belong to such House or Building in the said Town or Borough, and to cause the Water to be conveyed from the Roof or Roofs of or belonging to such House, Building, or Tenement, by proper and sufficient Pipes or Trunks to be fixed to and down the Sides thereof, and carried under the Flag or other Pavement to the common Channel; and in case any such Person shall neglect or refuse so to do, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to cause the same to be done, and to levy and recover the Costs and Charges attending the fame upon or from the Persons aforesaid, in like Manner as other Penalties or Forfeitures are by this Act authorized or directed to be levied and recovered; and every such Person, being Tenant at Rack Rent, may deduct and retain the fame out of his or her Rent, and the Person entitled to such Premises is hereby required to allow such Deduction.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any House or other To prevent Building in or near any Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place jccUonf/0" within the said Town or Borough of Lecminster, shall, after the passing of this Act, be made, erected, or built in such Manner and Form as in the Front or in any of the Gables or Sides thereof, to project into or over such Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place, or in any other Manner or Form than in a perpendicular Lins or Direction upwards from the Foundation of such House or Building; or if any Spout, Pip?, or Trunk for conveying Water from the Roofs, Eaves, or Cornices of any House or other Building in any Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place in the said Town or Borough, shall be affixed otherwise than from the Roofs, Eaves, or Cornices thereof, by such Spoucs, Pipes, or Trunks in the Fronts or Sides of such Houfts or Buildings respectively, and brought down to the Ground; or if any Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Poll, or other Poll, Shed, Pcmhouse, Step, Stair, Bow Window, Window Shutter,

Stump, Tree, Rail, Pail, Palisade, Porch, Bulk, Shew Glass, Shew Board, Pool, Cefipool, Ciltern, or Relervoir for Water, or any other Encroachment or Projedion against or in the Front or Outside of any House or other Building within or adjoining to any Street, Lane, publick Passage or Place within the said Town or Borough, shall be made, erected, or built so as to obstrud the free and commodious Passage along any of the Carriage Ways or Foot Ways of the fame, then and in every such Case the Owner or Owners of every such House or other Building, Sign, Sign Iron, Sign Poll, or other Poll, Shed, Peruhouse, Step, Srair, Bow Window, Window Shutter, Stump, Tree, Rail, Pale, Palisade, Porch,

Bulk, Shew Glass, Shew Board, Poo), Cefipool, Cittern, or Reservoir [LW. Es* Per.~\ 32 / for

2886

f r. reventing Annoyances in the Streets, &c-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 1 +8.

for Water, or other Encroachment or Proje&ion which (halt be so made, erected, or built as aforesaid, or of every such Spour, Pipe, or Trunk which shall be so made or affixed otherwise than as aforesaid contrary to this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings a Day for every Day such House or other Building, S'gn, Sign Iron, Sign Post, or other Post, Shed, Penthouse, Step, Stair, Bow Window, Window Shutter, Stump, Tree, Rail, Pale, Paiifade, Porch, Bulk, Shew Glass, §hew Board, Pool, Ceffpool, Ciltern, or Re-ieryoir for Water, Spout, Pipe, or Trunk, or other Encroachment or Projection, shall continue in such stare as is herein provided against; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees (whether any of such Penalties or Forfeitures shall be levied or not) to cause all such Houses and other Buildings, Signs, Sign Irons, Sign Polls, and other Pods, Sheds, Pent-heufes, Steps, Stairs, Bow Windows, Shutters, Stumps, Trees, Rails, Pales, Palilades, Porches, Bulks, Shew Glasses, Shew Boards, Pools, CelTpools, Ciflerns, and Reservoirs for Water, Spouts, Pipes, Trunks, and other Encroachments and Projections, or any of them, to be taken down and removed.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, upon any of the Foot Ways or Foot Pavements to be made or repaired under the Powers and Provisions in this Act contained, run, draw, drive, or carry any Trufk, Wheel-Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Handbarrow, Bier, or Carriage whatsoever, or roll any Cask or Tub (other than for the necessary Loading and Unloading thereof) into, upon, from, or out of any Carriage for any longer Space than the Extent of the Premises in the Occupation of the Person from or to whose House or Building such Cask or Tub shall be rolled (such Premises adjoining to or having immediate Communication wirh the House or Building from or to which such Cask or Tub shall be rolled); or if any Person shall wilfully ride, lead, or drive any Horse or other Beast, or any Cattle whatloevtr, on any of the said Foot Ways or Foot Puvemenrs, or set any Calk, Tub, Pail, Bucket, Stool, Bench, or any other Matter or Thing, on or so as in any Manner to cause any Obstruction or Impediment in the Foot Way or on the Foot Pavement; or shall in any Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place within the said Town or Borough, or in the Church Yard, hoop, fire, cleanse, waffi or feald any Cask or Tub, or hew, saw, or cut any Stone, Wood, or Timber, or bore any Timber, or make or repair any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Sledge, or other Carriage (except such Carriages as may want immediate Repair arising from any sudden Accident on the Spot, or which cannot be conveniently removed for that Purpose); or if any Person shall in any Street, Lane, or other publick Passage or Place within the said Town or Borough, ffioe, bleed, or farry any Horse or other Beast or Cattle (except in Cafes of Accidents); or if any Person shall in any of the said Streets, Lanes, or other publick Paffagts or Places within the said Town or Borough, make, or assist in the making of any Bor fire, or any Fire for firing Calks or Vessels, or let off or fire any Serpent or Rocker, or throw any Cracker, Squib, or other Firework; or if any Person shall Lift, throw, call or lay any Affies (except in Time of Froft, and then only to prevent Accidents), or any Dust, Dung, Soil, Filth, Rubbish, Refute of Garden Stuff, Blood, Offal, Skins, Carrion* or any other offensive Matter or Thing in any of the Streets, Lanes publick Faffages or Places within the said Town or Borough j or ffiali

kill

2887

4$* GEORGII III. Cop.t$.

kii] or (laughter or shall scald, singe, dress, or cut up any Animal either wholly or in part, or walh any Skins in any of stich Streets, Lanes* publick Paffeges or Places, or cause or permit any Blood to run from any Slaughter House, Butchers Shop or Shamble, into the fame or any of them; or shall hang up, place, or expose to Sale any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatsoever, or any Fruit, Vegetables, or Garden Stuff,

Butchers Meat, or other Matter or Thing on or projecting over the Foot Way or Carriage Ways of any such Streets, Lanes, publick Passages or Places, so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any Person or Carriage therein; or shall wadi or iinmerfe the Skin of any Animal, or shall throw any dead Animal or any put rid Flesh, Blood, Offal, Carrion, Soil, or Filth into the Rivers or Waters within the said Town or Borough, or otherwise cause any Nuisance therein, or shall commit any other Kind of Obstruction or Annoyance in any such Street, Lane, publick Passage or Place within the said Town or Borough, then and in every such Case every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Horse, Cow, or Power to im any other Bead, or any Sort of Swine, shall at any Time be found wan-dering about any of the Streets, Lanes, or other publick Passages or thVstreett. Places within the said Town or Borough, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons appointed by the said Trustees, to seize and impound such Horse, Cow, or other Beast, or such Swine, in the Common Pound of the said Town, or in such other Place as the said Trustees shall appoinr, and the fame there to detain until the Owner or Owners thereof shall for every such Horse, Cow, or other Bead:, and for every such Head of Swine so impounded, pay any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings to the Person impounding the fame, together with the reasonable Charges and Expences of impounding and keeping the fame; and in case the said Sum, Charges, and Expences shall not be paid within Five Days after such impounding, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to fell or cause the same to be (old, and the Money arising from such Sale, after deducting the said Sum and the Charges and Expences of impounding, keeping, and felling such Horse, Cow, or other Beast and Swine, shall be paid on Demand to the Person whose Ptoperty the Horse, Cow, or other Beast or Swine, so fold shall appear to have been.

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty on shall at any Time (laughter, burn, or singe, in any Street, Lane, publick Passage or Place within the said Town or Borough, or drive for’the Pur- Cartleon5 pose of flaughieri.ig, in any such Street, Line, publick Passage or Place Sunclay> &e< any Cow, Ox, Sheep, Swine, or other Beast or Beads, on a Sunday, Good Friday, or Christmas Day, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Carr, Wagoon, For prevent* Sledge, Dray, or other Carriage used for the Purpose of conveying or cSrSes carrying Goods, M r:handizj, or ocher Materials or Things whatsoever hein^feTt in

shall at any Time be left or suffer.d to stand or continue in any Street ti,e S'.retts, Lane, publick Passage or Place in the said Town or Borough, for any longer Time than shall be needfary for the Loading and (Jnloadiro1 thereof, or shall be let or placed athwart or across any Part of such

Street

2888

4-8* GEORGII III. Cty.f4.8-

Streer, Lane, publielc Passage or Place aforesaid (although for the Pvt-pose.cf Loading or LTnIoading the fame), 10 as that there shall not be i'ufficient Room left for another Carriage to pass; or if any Timber or Stone, or other Thing whatsoever be drawn in any such Streer, Lane, publick Passage cr Place, without the fame being placed on a Sledge or Carnage for that Purpose; or if any Timber or Iron, Lead, B<icks, Stones^ Lime, Moriar, pay, Straw, Wood, Faggots, Coals, Boards, Tubs, Calks, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials or Things, Rubbish, Dust, Dirr, Dung, Filth, or other Nuisance or Annoyance whatso-cvrr, shall be so thrown, laid, placed, or left ir. any such Street, Lane, publ ck Passage or Place as aforesaid (except in building, taking down, adding to, altering or repairing any House or Building, or for any of the Purposes authorized or required to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, in which Cafes the fame shall; if the said Trustees shall think proper and direct, be fenced and inclosed in the Manner herein-before expressed), and the fame (except as last aforesaid) shall be suffered to remain for a longer Space of Time than shall be necessary for the hoofing cr removing thereof, then and in every such Case the Owner of any such Timber, Lon, Lead, Bricks, Stones, Lime, Mortar, Hay, Straw, Faggots, Coals, Boards, Tubs, Calks, Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, Materials or Things, Dirt or Rubbish as aforesaid, or the Person or Persons causing such Annoyance as aforesaid, shall for tvery such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum net exceeding Five Shillings.

For Re riovrl XC. And be it further enacted, That in case any Slaughter House, of Nuitances. jj0g Srye> Necelfary House, or other noisome or offensive Building or Place whatsoever, in or near any of the Streets, Lanes, publick Passages or Places within the said Town or Borough of Leominster, shall by the Paid Trustees be deemed a Nuisance to any of the Inhabitants thereof or Persons residing the rein, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, upon Complaint thereof to them made by any such Inhabitant or other Person or Persons, by Notice in Writing under the Hands of the said Trustees, or under the Hand of their Clerk for the Time being, to Older any such Nuisance or Offence to be removed; and in case the same shall not be removed within Seven Days next after such Notice given to the Person or Persons who ought to remove the fame, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place of Abode, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings daily for tvery Day that the same shall continue unremoved after the Expiration of the Time mentioned in such Notice.

Streets to be XCI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said watered. Trustees to cause such of the said Streers, Lanes, Passages and Places, as they shall think proper, to be from Time to Time watered, in such Manner and at such Seasons of the Year as they the said Trustees shall direct and appoint.

Sewers and XCII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may cause such made!*b* and many new Sewers> Drains, Embankments, and Vaults as they shall think necessary to be dug and made in, along,^cr across any of the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Passages, Yards, and Places within the said Town or Borough, and also any of the Sewers, and publick Drains and Vaults which now are or hereafter shall be within the said Town or Borough, to bs

2889

4& GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

be. enlarged, widened, raised, altered, removed, repaired, cleansed, or scoured, when and as often as to them the fai I Trustees shall fec-m meet; and for any of the said Purposes, shall from Time to Time cause to be diig, catted, and carried out of or brought into the said Stree s or Places, or any of them, such Gravel, Stones, Brick, and other Materials as they (tall judge necessary i and allt> shall and may cause such and so many Grates or Openings to be made therein for the conveying and carrying off" the tilth, foul and other Water, frcm the Houses built or to be builc adjoining (hch Streets^ Lanes, publick P.iffages or Places in the said Town of Borough of Liominster, into the said Sewers, publick Drains and Vaults, as the said Trustees shall and may think necessary and expedient for that Purpol’e j and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to widen, alter, and improve, or cause to be widened, altered, and improved, any Bridge or Bridges Within or near the said Town or Borough, and to purchase so much and such Quantity of Ground as shall be necessary for any of the Purposes aforesaid; ind the said Trustees are hereby empowered to charge the several Owners of frlch Houses or Buildings as now a-e or hereafter shall or may be built adjoining to and making use of such Common Sewer or Sewers, with the Payment of all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be by them the said Trustees paid, laid out, and expended; in and about the making, enlarging, widening, railing, altering, removing, repairing, cleansing. Or scouring of such pubhek Drains or Sewers; and on Refusal or Non-payment of such Charges and Expences to the Treasurer for the Time being so the said Trustees, then upon Fourteen Days Notice in Wtiting being given to such Owners or Persons as aforesaid, or left at their, his, or her last or usual Places or Place of Abode by their said Clerk, such Charges and Expences shall and may be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties at)d Forfeitures by this Act inflified are hereby directed to be recovered.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That no Iron, Tin, Copper, or other Pipe or Funnel for conveying Smoke, (half at any Time be fixed, nor shall any Pipe or Funnel already fixed (save and except those made of Buck and Stone, or both), be suffered to remain next so any publick Street, Court, Place, Lane or Way, on the Front or Side of any House or Buif ling whatsoever wit’ in the said Town cr Borough; nor shall any such Pipe or fun el be fix-d, nor (hill any such already fixed (except as aforesaid), be luff.r- d to remain on the Inside of any such House or other Builuing, nearer than Five Inches to any Timber or other combustible Material whatsoever; nor shall any Funnel built of Brick or Stone, or both, be placed on the Outside of any Front of any House, or any other Building whatsoever, next to any publick Street, Court, Place, Lane, or Way in whith the lame shall be erefled , and if any such Pipe or Funnel shall he ercdttd, fixed, or placed, or suffered to remain contrary to the Directions of this Act, then the same shall be deemed a common Nuisance, and the Owner thereof shall and may be rtr-difitd and punished for erecting, fixing, and placing the fame, or for fuffenng the same as aforesaid to remain, in like Manner as Persons committing a general Nuisance at Common Law are liable to be punished and indifled by the Laws of this Realm; and moreover it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace for the said County to cause every such Pipe or Funnel to be forthwith abated, taken down, demolished, and destroyed, and to award and order reasonable Costs, Charges, and Lx-pences attending the fame, to be paid determined by the Owner or Owners thereof [ler. Per.] 32 K to

No Funnel fcC

conveying Smoke to he fixe ti on the Oucfide of the From of any House, fee.

2890

Names of Streets to be put up, and Houses t>be numoered.

Trustees may Money,

orm of

Mortgage--

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

to the Person or Persons authorized by such Justices to abate, take dawn, demoliih, and destroy the same.

XCIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cause to be placed, on some eonfpicuous Part of some House or Building at or near each End Corner or Entrance of the several Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places already or hereafter to be erected or made within the Lid Town or Borough, the Name by which every such Street, Lane, Passage, or Place ii usually called or known or to be called or known; and shall and may cause every House, Shop, Ware-house, or Building in the said Streets, Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places, to be marked and numbered, in such Manner as they shall think most proper fur distinguishing the fame; and if any Person or Persons shall Wilfully or mahciously pull down, injure, obliterate, or deface any such lnlcription or Number, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, any such Person or Persons so offending li.act for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings.

XCV. And, for the more effectually enabling the said Trustees to execute the Purposes of this Act, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time, when they shall judge necessary, to borrow and take up at Interest any Sum or Sums of Money upoD the Credit of the Lands and Rents to be vested in the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, and by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals to mortgage, detnile, grant, or assign over the said Lands and Rents, or any Part or Parts thereof, to the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend such Money, or his or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security or Securities for the Money lb to be borrowed, together with Interdt for the fame; and every such Mortgage or Alignment shall be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

TJY virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of

-D King George the Third, SsV. [here jet forth the Title ef this AB~\,

4 we Seven of the Trustees appouved by virtue and in pursuance of the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of advanced and lent by A.B. upon the

4 Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act, do granr, bargain, fell,

and demise unto the said A.B. his Executors, Adnunillrators, and

4 Assigns, such Proportion of the Lands and Rents granted or arising by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum of doth or shall

bear to the whole Sum which may at any Time be borrowed, or become

due and owing, or charged upon the Credit- of the said Act, to be had

and holden from this Day of in the Year

until the said Sum of

with Interest ar per Centum per Annum far the fame, shall be

repaid and satisfied.'

And all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Assignmencs shall be made, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, shall be, in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned, Creditors on the said Lands and Rents equally one with another, without any Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing.such Money or the Dales of any such Mortgages or Affigumepts}.and.Ppp.es pPail Mortgages or Assignmem*

which

4-8^ GEORGII IH. Cap.ttf. 2891

which shall be'made ift pursuance of this Act, and Extracts and Memorials Mortgages, of all Transfers thereof, shall be entered in Books to be kept for that Pur- entered, pole by the Clerk to the said Trustees, which Extracts or Memorials shall Ipecify and contain the Darts, Names of the Parries, and the Sums of Money thereby transferred, to which Books any Person interfiled shall at all seasonable Time have Access, and shall have free Liberty to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward j and for the Entry of every such Transfer, the said Clerk shall be paid by the Person to whom such Transfer shall be made the Sum of Five Shillings, and no mores and after such Entry made of any such Transfer, every such Transfer so entered shall entitle the Person to whom the same shall be made, and his, her, and their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred.

XCVI. And be it further enacted, That all the Money to arise by or Application ol from the said Lands and Rents by virtue of this Act, and which may be the Mo1"*' borrowed on the Credit thereof respectively, shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, and shall be applied and disposed of from Time to Time for and towards the defraying the Charges and Expences of widening,"improving, regulating, paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets,

Lanes, and other publick Passages and Places of and in the said Town or Borough, and in carrying into Effect the several Purposes of this Act in the Manner hereby directed, and in paying and defraying all Expences which the said Trustees and their Officers shall necessarily be put unto in carrying this Act into Execution, and in paying the Principal and Interest of the Money to be borrowed on Mortgage as aforesaid, and for such other Uses and Purposes as are herein expressed, and to and for no other Use,

Intent; or Purpose whatsoever.

XCVII. And, for the Purpose of widening and improving the said Trusteesau-Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages, and publick Places within the said Town or Borough of Lccmirsler, and opening Communications therewith, be it Buildings, arc. further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, 5" wr'(?veen,il»<l shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any streets' Meeting to be holden under or by virtue of this Act, to treat, contract, and agree for and purchase from the Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers of and all other Persons interested in the several Dwelling Houses, Buildings, and Grounds mentioned and specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or so much or futh Parrs thereof as they the said Trustees shall judge necessary to be purchased for effecting the Purposes of this Act, at such Sum or Sums of Money or Price as shall be agreed upon; and to cause such Dwelling Houses, Buildings, and Tenements, or so much thereof as they ftiali judge necessary, to be taken down, and the Scite thereof and the Grounds to be so purchased, to be appropriated in such Manner and to such Uses as will in the Judgement of the said Trustees bell answer the Purpose and Design of this Act; and for effecting the Ends aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for all Bodies Politick or Corporate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust,

Guardians, Committees for Lunaticks or Idiots, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees, i.ot only fur and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successurs, but all'o for and on Behalf of their Celluique Trust?, whetlitr Infants or Elbe unborn, Lunaticks, Idiots, Femes Covert,

of

4»s* GEORGlit am wap.^8.

or miterPeJcW or PerfoSs whoirnfoom j amt to and for alt and every

Period or Persons wh'ottlsoever who are or shall be feifedy possessed ofj interested in, or entitled to any of the said Dwelling Boufei Of* other Buildings ana Grounds, t8 treat, comrabfy and agree withy and absolutely convey, affigr/, or for render to the said Trustees, or airy Seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons a* their, or any Seven or imfre Of then* shall appoint, all or any fitch Dwelling Houses or other Buddings and Grounds, or any Part-thereof, or any Estate, Term of Years, or other Iiterest-therein; and thacatl fiicfi Contracts, Agreefnerftsy SaleL and Conveyance^ which shall be so made, shall be good and valid in L w ro all I, Kents and Purposes to convey the said Premises, and the Right; Title, P optrty, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of such Person or Persons of, in, and to the fame, any Law, Statute, Usage, qr anyi othe' Matter or Thing whatever to the contrary thereof in anywise not-\vi hlUnding , and all Bodies Politick or Corporate, Corporations Aggfe-gfcte or S le, Trustees and feoffees in Trust, Executors, Administritors* Guardians, and other Trustees, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereoy indemnified for what they shall do therein by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

if PeiTont re- XCVIII. Provided always, and be it farther enabled, That if any such traflta»C|on P^son or Pets >ns, Bodies Politick or Corporate, Corporations Aggregate Ajree with or Sole, Trustees, Feoffees, Guardians, Committees, Executors, Admi-niftraiors, or any other Person or Persons anywise irtrerested in such afemainad by Dwelling Houses or other Buildings and Grounds as aforesaid, upon 3 jwy* Notice to them givrn or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Houses or Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Principal or Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick or Corporate, or Corporations, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Dwelling Houses or other Buildings and Grounds intended to be purchased and taken down as aforesaid, shall, for the Space of Thirty Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Aufence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall cause the Value of and Recompence to be made for such Dwelling Houses or other Buildings and Grounds, to be enquired into tnd ascertained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the Lid County of Hereford; and for the summoning and returning such Jury; the said Tnfters, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby em-p e ed from Time to Time to issue out their Warrant or Warrants to the Snenff f the said County, thereby commanding and requiring him to empanncl, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of 1 venty-four P r'om qualifie: o i'erve upon Juries at Assizes, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Seven or muie of them, at such Time and Place as in fu- 1 Wa rmt or Warrants shall be appointed; and the said Sheriff, or his Teuu v < r Deputies i and are hereby required toempannel, summon, and re in such Number accordingly to attend at the Time and Place so ap-po nt d , ano our of the Persons lo empanneled, summoned, and returned, or oii of such ot Lem as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby empowered to swear Twelve to be the Ju y for the Purposes aforesaid; and in Default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the l id Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other hone# and indifferent Men of the Slanders by, or that can 5 be

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148. 3893

be speecMv procured to attend the Service, to the N mhcr or Twelve-; be

and all Persons concerned shall Have their Challenges against any of L!ia" 1,&c the said Jurymen; and the said Trustees or any Two or more of them are also hereby required and empowered from Time to Time, as Oeca-f:on shall be or require, to summon and call before the said Jury and examine upon Oath (which Oaih the I rid Trustees or any One or on Oath- ' more of them is and are hereby empowered to adminster) all and every Pcjfon and Pei suns whomsoever who shall be thought necessary or proper to be examined as a Wirnefe or Wrtmffes touching or concerning the Premises; and they shall alfa order and cause the said Jury to view the Places in question if there beOccalion, and use all lawful Ways and Means 2s well for their own as for the said Jury’s better Information in the Pre-mi ft s, as the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them thall think fit; and the said Jury shall a fiefs the Damages and Recompence to be given for the said Dwelling-hor.fes or other Buildings or Grounds, to the respective Owner or Owners thereof; according to their respective Interests therein, and shall give in their Verdict thereupon; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of and assessed such Damage and given in their Verdict, the said Trustees or any Seven or more at them shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so afieffed by the said Jury to be paid to the Person or Persons interested in the said Dwelling-houses or other Buildings and Grounds, according to such Verdict or v Inquisition of the said Jury; which laid Verdict or Inqu.ficion, and the befiaalf^ Judgement, Order, or Determination thereupon so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes against all Infants, Blue unborn, Idiots, Lunatics, Femes Covtrt, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Corporations Aggregate cr Sole, Trustees, Feoffees, Guardians, Commiturec, as well absent as present, claiming in Possession,

Revtrfion, Remainder, o.- Expeffancy or otherwise howsoever, and against their several and respective H:iis, Successers, Executors, or Ad-nirnistrator?, and against ill other Person and Persons whomsoever; and every Verdict ami Judgement thereupon shall be fairly entered and kept and recorded, amongst the Records of the Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, and the fame or true Copies thereof shall be admitted, received, and taken as Evidence and Proof in all Courts of Law and Equity and all Places whatsoever, and that all Persons shall have Reccurfe to tham grads, and may take Copies thereof, paying Sixpence for every One hundred Words, and foin proportion for any less Number of Words-, and the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them acting Trustee8hia in the Premise:, shall have Power from Time to Time to impole any ir/poira1??* rcafbnable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff or his Deputy, Bailiffs or Agents, on the s enff making Default in the Premises and on any of the Persons who shall Defa^fum£ be summoned and returned'on such Jury, and shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be fwern on the said Jury, or being fofworn shall refuse to give or shall not join in giving their Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and on any Person or Persons who being summoned to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall refuse or negleff to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be (worn and give Evidence; so as no such Fine to be imposed on any Sheriff or his ’Deputy, Bailiff nr Agent, shall exceed the Sum of One hundred Pounds; ror ftull any Fine to be impeded on any Juryman or Witness exceed ihe Sum of Twertv Pounds for Gli-vir Offerer.

289+ 4^" GEORGII III. £*>’.148.

No inhabitant XCIX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That juried* °n tfo Inhabitant of the said Town or Borough of Ltominster, or any other Person bevng a Proprietor of Estates therein, shall be capable of fer.ving on the said Jury.

If jury give C. And be it further enacted, That in case ary such jury shall give in Ihanethe"sumS or deliver 3 Verdict for more Money as a RecompCnce or Satisfaction ten.'ereii, for such Damage*, than what shall have been offered or tendered by the Costs*CSt°pay ^id Trustees or any Seven or more of them before the summoning or returning such Jury, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Lid Jury and Witnesses, shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, out of the Money arising by virtue but if left, the £his Act j but if any such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verd ft for perf-u con- no more or for IcE Money as a Recompence or Satisfaction for such Damages than shall have been offered or tendered by the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, before the summonii'g or returning the said Jury or Juries, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall, have had such Controversy or Dispute, and shall be recovered in the same Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be recove;ed.

OnPaynenrof Cl. And be it further enacted, Thar upon Payment of such Sum or ney, Cp* Sums of Money so to be awarded or adjudged, for the Purchase or the

to oe con- laid Premises, or any Parc thereof, the Person or Persons entitled thereto

veyed. shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid,

and legal Conveyances, A Arguments, and Assurances in the Law to the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall appoint, of the said Premises, for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall have been so awarded or adjudged; and shall do all Acts, Matters, and Things mcefTry or requisite to make a good, clear, and perfect Tide thereto; and such Conveyances, Alignments, and Assurances shall contain such re.fsonable and usual Covenants as shall on behalf of the said Trustees be required.

Where pan of- CII. And be it further enacted, That where it shall bethought necessary ftialfbe2 °enly the Purpoi« of this Act, that a Part of any Dwelling-house, Build-ceiTarytohe ing, or Ground shall be purchased for the Purposes of this Act, and

th^owme"’ l^e ®wn<T 01 ProPr>ecor or Owners or Proprietors of any such Dvvel-

flnl; Lom?el ling-house, Building, or Ground, shall be minded and desirous to fell the rmftee.,10 and cifpose of the whole of such Dwelling-house, Building, or Ground, whok.a C lhC and of such *VS> her, or their Mind or Defrn-, shall give Notice in Writing to the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, then and in such Case the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to purchase the whole of such Dwelling-noufe, Building, and Ground, the Value thereof in case of Difference to be ascertained in Manner aforesaid.

Application of CHI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or MonTwhere awarcleii to be P4& ^or any Tands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur. amounting61« c ha led, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert,

5 Infant,

51 <e.

s

fits

Hriht

>> nuiii. At lid "J'iraie

:ta d for

Dimjgtj

wan"®

0rK

f^Kl Jury Ians with o;e, aid

worm

i Sam or it 01*! dikrao

V to i)c

Ms* a tm, 'Ml ;/fal Slirei, hit fit

conum

airaf

SJCE&J

Bill* icr, ml I Od

lo/til iisttii Veiling a pul-all and ,.house>

’ io

srd r,) PUr>

jr

ii(M

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148. 2895

Infant, Lunatic, or Pc*rfon or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as herein mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Su m of, Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paid into the Bank Of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trof-tecs for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be fc applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase cf other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts,

Inrents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands,

Tenements and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilting, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant-General in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

CIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money, if* under cool-so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heredita- and exceeding ments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belong- * ing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner htrein-before directed; or otherwise the Lme shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Seven or

more

dX&ofo 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148*

more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Wifoing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Paries).in order that such principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the-Cafe be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction 01 Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

if under aol. CV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Money, so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pound , then and in all such Cases the fan e shall be applied to the UIt-of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Here-d ran enis so purchased, taken, or uled for the Purposes of this AT, in such Manner as the faiu Trustees or any Seven or more of them, shall, think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to-his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

in raf; of not CVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons, Title"* °Ut *° vv^om any Sum or Sums shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Aif, shall refuie to accept the fame, or lb all not be able to make a good Title to the Prenufes, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be lo awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said TrulLes, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name ?nd with the Pciviey of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties imeiefted in the said Lancs, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (dtferibing the m), subject to the Order, Contfoul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part, thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered in a. summary Way cf Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the said Couri shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, cr Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to The respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall Lem just and reafenabie, and the Caftiier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and 2re hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where any CVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thafwhere any Qiief-anf<ftouching ^on arise touching l^e Title of any Person to any Money to be paid the life \o into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac-Mo.ncy1.%bt bcunrant-General of the C<-urt of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, pa.u, t e er the Purchase of any IMdToages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or

Hereditaments,

*»! |(,

*set.

wi.:( jj,

<a, Sst,

Gf Cia:.

Cit mu

fain, 'tint mat of aid: a »s,or in i Many ic?el» Mts, k dffiijk of Moaey fcfi*

jiffltlJ

lie ‘aid 110 lit mb

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148. 2897

Hereditaments, or of any Eftafe, Right, or Iivereft in any Messuages, Build- Pt5?flion ings, Land.;, Tenements, or Hercdi'a rents’, to be purchased in pursuance of fl,au ,e entitled this Act,or to any Bank Annuiti stobe purchased with any such Money,or to thereunto, the Dividends or I ter eft of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Person 3 who shall have been inPofleftion of such Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Poffdlion of such Per-f'on or Persons, shall be deemed and t?krn to have been lawfully entitled to such Meif.sages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Poffdlion, until the contrary shall be flaewn to the Satisfaction of t ,e said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Intei eft of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such M.mev, and also the Capital of such Bank Annu!-ties, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful P fleffton, and that feme other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such "Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

CVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason The Court of of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation, ord^rrelfon^ entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased at»'e Expen*- under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands Tenements or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time, to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to Tune pay such Sums of Money, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

iitiGO or Way tf to order io order og toik BtJWk-fs a w jlhiers Honey* i Sum whole

all fy

-(Jiff*

; AC-

iM

0&

CIX.' And be it further enacted, That every Mortgagee of any Mefluacres, Mort-ragteita Buildings, Lands and Hereditaments, which shall be purchased or convc/‘ acquired by the said Trustees, or any of them, in pursuance of this Act, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, on having Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them, from the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or any Persons urhorized by them, or any Seven or mere of them, of paying off the Principal and Interest Money which shall be due on such Mortgages respectively, shall, at the End of the said Six Calendar Months after such Notice, on Payment or Tender of the Principal Money and Interest which shall be then due, convey and assign his, her, and their respective Eflares and Interests in and to the said mortgaged PremilVs, to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as. they shall nominate and appoint in Trust for the Uses and Purposes of this Act; and if any such Mortgagee, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall refuse so to do, thr-n all Intfreft on every such Mortgage, from the Expiration of the said Six Calendar Months after such Notice, shall ceale and determine.

[£k. & Per.] 3 CX. And

2?9*> 48° GEORGII III. Cap: 148.

Ra^k R5-*'? of And be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees, or.my*

a ay iVe miles Seven or more of them, or any Person authorized by them, shall, after yurchateti by any Messuages, Buildings Lnnds, or Hereditaments shall be purchased to v.iveUi!p1i« ln p’irioance of this Act, give Six QalcncJar Months Notice in Writing Poii on to all or any of the Tenants at Rack Rent, or Occupiers of such s'i> mLjIcis M- ifuages, Buildings, Lands, or Hereditaments, to quit or^ deliver up Notice, th: i oii'ession thereor, then every such Tenmt shall, at the End of every Rich Six Calendar Months, peaceably and quietly deliver and yield up the Possession of the said Premises so by him, her, or them respe&svely held or occupied, whether upon Demile, Lease, or otherwise, to the said Trustees, or to the Perfo.n or Per Tons who shall be appointed by them, or any Seven or more of them, to take Possesskm thereof and all Leases, Demises, or Agreements foi renting or holding the fame at Rack Rent, or otherwise theretofore made, shall, from the End of the Six Calendar Months, be absolutely void and of‘-none effect as against the said Trustees or any of them; and if any Person or Persons so in PjfTcflion shall refuse to give up such P chilli on at the Expiration of such Six Calendar Months after such Notice, it shall and may be lawful for the Lid Trustees, or any Seven or moreot them, to Tflue their Precept or Precepts to the Constables of the said Town or Borough of Leominster for the Time being, or to any or either of them, to cause FofTefhon thereof to be delivered to such Person or Persons who shall be in such Precept or Precepts nominated to receive the same; and the said Cor.rtable and Constables is and are hereby respectv ive-ly required to deliver Pcssession, according to such Precept or Precepts, of the Premises therein mentioned, and to levy such Costs as shall arise by Means of the iRuing and executing of every such Preceptor Precepts, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons who shall have refuftd to give up Pcfiefiion as aforesaid, and shall refuse and neglect to psy such Costs.

Trustees cm- CXI. And whereas by reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees yo-A-e e.! loitil are hereby empowered to make, they may happen to be peflefled of Tome waijtvd?1 P^ce or Pieces of Ground over and above what may be necessary for eftefting the Improvements hereby directed to be made, or for other the Purposes of this Act; be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Tufieea, or any Seven or more of them, to fell and dipole of such Piece or Pieces of Ground either together or in Parcels, as they shall find most advantageous and convenient, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the fame; but in every such Case the Person or Persons from whom the said Trustees {lull have bought the fame, shall have the First Offer of repurchafing such Ground; and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of re-purchasing the fame, and he, she, or they and the said Trustees shall differ or not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be after rained by a Jury in Manner herein-before directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises 10 be;purchased by the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Dif-. ference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with respect to Rich Purchases rn^de by the said Trustees, mutatis mutandis-, and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees 10 plan, design, and lay out in what Manner any new House or Houses or Edifices to be ertded upon such Piece or Pieces of Ground lo to be sold, shall be built or erected; and the Money to arise by Sale cf such Piece or Pieces of Grounds, 01 shall

48° GEORGII III. 0<zp* 148.

flu!) be applied to the respective Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof thaii not be answerable or accountable for any Milap-plicatioa or Non-application thereof.

CXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall g be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any moned as such Justices of the Peace, touching any Matter of Fast contained in ^nne^satrc*' any Information or Complaint for any Offence against this Act, or against tend8or°bV any Rule or Order made in purruince thereor, either on the Part of the aininsd. Prosecutor or of the Person or Persons accused; or if any Person or Persons Hi all be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence at a General Quarter ScflPns of the Peace to be holden in and for the said County, or any Adjournment thereof, upon any Appeal by virtue of this Aci, either on the Part of the Appellant or Relpcndent, and any Inch Person or Persons respectively shall refuse or neglect to appear ar thr Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without a reasonable Excuse for his, her, or their Refusal or Neglect, or appear ng shall refuie to be examined on Oath (or in case of a Quaker or Quakers, on f >lemn Affirmation) and to give Evidence before such Justice of the Peace, or at such Sessionsor Adjournment thereof, then and in either of the said Cafes every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

C,

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be liable to pay any Penalty or Forfeiture imposed by this Act on the Commitment Penalties, of any Offence where the Manner of Recovery thereof is not hereby specially provided £>r, unless he or she be convicted of such Offence before One Justice of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, upon his or her Confession, or upon the Oath of One or more erect.ble Witness or Wit-nefiVs (which Gath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer or take) and which Conviction such Justice is hereby empowered to make accordingly; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed or incurred, and all Costs and Charges to be allowed and ordered by the Authority of this Act, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof is not hereby otherwise particuiarly directed, shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any One Justice of the Peace acting in>nd for the said County, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to issue and grant, upon the Confession of the Party offending; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures and Sum and Sums of Money shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warranc under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender to be committed to the House of Correction for the said County, there ro remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures,

Sum and Sums of Money, and all reasonable Charges, shall be l'ooner paid 2nd satisfied.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions, inhabitants informations, causes, Enquiries, and Proceedings whatsoever relating declared not to or concerning the Execution of this Act, or of any Rule or Order peten* Witl' made in pursuance thereof, no Person whatsoever shall be disqualifkd from nefl*.

being

2 gee

48° GEORGII III. Cap. i+9.

being a competent Witness and being admitted to give Evidence by reason of his or her being an Inhabitant of the said Town or Borough.

CXV. And be it further enacted and declared, That in all Summonses Copy at the and N tices which arc riicefted or required to be given by this Act, or ioufc* ta'be a which 8re or !T,a> be directed or required to be given by any Rules or gyud’service. Orders made or to be made in purtuance of this Act, or which shall or may be necessary for carrying into Execution any of the Powers of this Act, or of a ’ of such Rules or Orders (where the Manner of serving such Notices 01 Summonics 1 not particularly or otherwise directed by this Act) th Service cf any such Notice or Summons either on the Person to whom the fams ought to be given, ur leaving the fame or a true Copy thereof at his or her Dwelling-house or usual Place of his or her Abode, shall be good and sufficient Service of any such Notice or Summons; and that m all Cafes whatsoever where any such Notices or Summonses ought to be given to Two or more Persons for or respecting the joint Ad or Omission cf any such Person whether the said Persons be in Partnership, in Trade, or otherwise jointly concerned in any such Acct cr Orniffion, the like Service of any such Notices or Summonfcs on any One cf such Partners or Persons, shall be also a good and sufficient Service thereof.

AH Costi, CXVI. And be it further enacted, That all C.fts, Charges, and F.x-prtu-ihiily00^ pences allowed, ordered, or directed to be paid, and which shall or may irected, to be be allowed, ordered, or directed to be paid by or by Authority of this by*fjuftlceof or any Rules or Orders made or to be made in puriuar.ee of this Act

the Peace. (where the Manner of ascertaining cr settling the fame is nor pa ticularly or otherwise directed by this Act) shall from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, be ascertained and settled by any One of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Hereford, who is hereby authorized and required to ascertain and settle the lame accordingly (and where the Manner of recovering the fame is not particularly or otherwise directed by this Act) shall and may, in case the same shall not be paid on Demand, be levied and recovered by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons made subject or liable to the Payment thereof by or by Authority of this Act, and such Rules or Orders, or any or either of them, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal ofanyjustice of the Peace (which Warrant such Justice is hereby authorized and required to grant and issue) \ and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Costs, Charges, and Expences, or any of them, shall no: be paid on Demand, it shall be lawful for any such Justice of the Peace and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant undtr his Hand and Seal, to commit such Person or Persons to the House of Correction for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Colts, Charges, and Expences shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

&> Pmaity CXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons Hull be uaiefethblOf cr Object to the Payment of any of the Penalties or Forfeitures

ft".(ier\Spro. inflicted by this Act, for any Offence or Offences against the fame, or against P-cured any Rule or Oder to be made in pursuance thereof, unless fotne Proceed-SSJ*" *D£S had according to the Directions of this Act, or ol such Hub

or

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148. 2901

01 Older respecting such Offence or Offences, within Three Calendar Months after Months next after the Offence committed. ccaimituS ’*

CXVIII. And, for the moreeafy Conviction of Offenders, be it further enacted, That any Justice of the Peace before whom any Person or P-jfons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, or against any Rule or Order made in pursuance thereof, fh.il) and may caul-e the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in Words to the sanae Effect (that is to say) ,

Heretorishire u «. r>£ jc remembered, That on the Day

° of in the Year of the Reign

of his Majesty K<ng A.B. is [or, are]] convicted

before me. One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace m and for the said

County of Hereford, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth

4 Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Thiid, intituled, 6 An Act, Effc [here t insert the Title of this Act, and specify the Offence and < the Time and Place when and wehre the fame was committed, as the Case shall be] contrary to the said Act or, [as the Case shall be] contrary to a 4 certain Rule or Order made on the Day of

pursuant to the said Act; for which Offence I adjudge the said to have forfeited the Sum of

* [and, if mitigated] which I mitigate to the Sum of

G.ven unacr my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first above

written.’

Form of Con-

CXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think persons a?-himfdf or herself aggrieved by any Determination of the said Trustees, srieve|cl upon Application to them, in respect of any Rate or Assessmemr, or sd£&!° thC of any Rule or Order made in pursuance of this Act, or by any Conviction or Judgement to be made in pursuance of this Act, such Person may appeal (and the Justice or Justices convicting is hereby required to make known to such Person at the Time of such Conviction his or her Right to appeal) to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Pence to be ho-den for the said County of Hereford, such Person at the Time of such Determination or Conviction, or within Twenty-four Hours thereof, giving to the Trustees or Justicefo determining or convicting, Notice of his or lier intent cf appealing, or entering into a Recognizance with fufneiem Securities conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide die Judgement ol and pay inch 'Colts as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Sessions; and the Justices of the Peace in such Sessions shall have Power to dirfft and shall direct the Jury which shall attend at such Sessions for the Trial of Traversers, or some other Jury of Twelve honest and (ubftanti.il Men 16 be then and there empanneied by the Sheriff", without Fee or Reward, to enquire of the Matter determined, or of the Offence cf which the fud Person shall have been convicted; and if such jury shall find the said Matter rightly determined, or shall find such Person guilty of the Offence whereof he or she shall have been fa convicted, then the said Determination or Conviction shall (land affirmed, and the said Justices in their said Session shall adjudge and order the Sum in such Determination, or Penalty in such Conviction mentioned, to be forthwith paid, and shall award such Costs to be paid by the Person so appealing to the Prosecutor or Prosecutors, as in their Discretion they shall think fit; and the Appellant shall forthwith pay such Penalty and Costs accordingly; and in case the Jury shall find the Matter so appealed against not rightly determined, or the Person or Persons [Lee. & Per.] 32 N lo

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

so appealing not guilty of the Offence of which he or Hie shall have been foconvicted,then the said Determination or Conviction Oiall (tanddischarged and set aside, and the said Justices in their said Sessions shall award such Costs to be paid by the Prosecutor or Prosecutors to the Person so appealing, as they in their Difiretion shall think fit; and in case the said Appe 'ant shall refule or neglect to pay such Penalty and Cofl: as he or file shall be adjudged by the Court before whom such Appeal shall be tried to pay, he or she shall be committed by such C >urt to the House of Correction for the said County, there to remain any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Momhs, nor lei's than Fourteen Days, to be computed from the Affirmance of such Determination or Conviction, unless such Penalty and Cods shall be sooner paid; upon the Payment whereof, the Keeper of the said H ufc of Correction is hereby authorized and required forthwith to discharge and liberate such Appellant or Appellants.

CXX. And be it further enacted, That when any Person shall appeal from and against any Determination or Conviction as aforesaid, the Trustees or Juffce making such Determination or Conviction, shall upon ihe Rrqu»(l of the Person appealing, deliver or cause to be delivered to such Person, his or her Attorney or Agent, a Copy of such D ner mi nation or Convict on, at lead Twelve Days before such Appeal is to be tried, for which Coj y the Person applying for the same shall ay to the said Trustees or to ihe Justice or his Clerk, the Sum of Two Shillings an.l Sixpence. ard no mor^; but if it shall happen that the said Trustees or Justice cannot conveniently cause the said Determination or Conviction to be-drawn up f as to be delivered Twelve Days before such Appeal is to be' tried, then the said Determination or Conivction shall be returned to and filed at the next Quarter Section of the Peace to be holden in and for the said C u 'ty, and in thac Cafe the hearing of the said Appeal shall dand over and be adjourned to the next Quarter Sessions, when and where the same shall be finally determined in Manner aforesaid.

CXXI. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made fnr nv Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue 01 this Act, the D d fs iifelt find not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties maki >g the fame be deemed a Trespasser or Trefp ffrrs ab initio on Account of any Detector Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, W rrant of D stref , or other P oceedings relative thereto; nor shall the Party or Parues distrahed be deemed a Tiefpaffcr or Trespassers ab initio, on Account of an) Irregularity which shall be afteiwards done by the Party or Parties didraining, but the PeTon or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity iruy recover Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the C fe; but no Plaint ff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for any such I rrguia. ity or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made oy or on the Behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed or caused to be committed any such Irregularity or wrongful Proceedings, before such Action brought; and in cTe no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawtul for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay inco Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall see fit, whereupon such Proceedings or Orders and Judgments shall be had, made, and given in and by such Courr, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money inco Court.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 148. 2903

CXXII. And be it fmther enacted, That no Proceedings to be had ^'°ctec‘^"g* touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or qu^nledfar against any Rule or O der to be made in pursuance thereof, or any Order want of Form, made or other Matter or Thing to be done or trans. sted in or relating to the Execution of this Act, or of any Rule or Order shall be made void or quashed for Want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatLever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the" contrary notwithstanding.

CXXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be com- Limitation of menced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in purfuarice of Actions, this Act, or of any Rule or Order to be made in pursuance thereof, until Twenty one Days Notice thereof Hi ill be first given in Writing to the Clerk of the said Trustees for the Time being, signed by the intended Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause for commencing such Action or Suit, nor at any Time what for ver after fuflfcient Satisfaction or Tender the’eot hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, no: after Three Calendar Months next after thr Fast committed for which frith Action or A: ions, Suit or Suit- shall be so broughr; and all'such Actions and Suits shall be laid and tried in the County of Hereford, and not in any other County or Place; and that the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit, and every of them, may plead the General Issue. and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial or Trials which shall be had thereupon, and that the Matter or Tiling for which fifth1 Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall be so brought, was done in pursuance and by Ainhoricy of this Act, or of any Rule or Order made in pursuance thereof j and if the said Matter or Thing shall appear to have been so done, or if it iha.ll happen that such Action or Suir was brought before Twenty, one Days Notice given as aforesaid, or that lufftcienf Satisfaction wa» made or tendered as aforesaid, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be commenced within the Time before limited, or shall be laid in any ocher County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury or Juries shall find for the Defendant or D fendams therein; and if a Verdict or Verdicts shall be found f-r such Defendant < r Defendants, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, shall become nonftiited, or suffer a Discontinuance of such Action or Actions, or if Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants therein, then and’in either of the Cafes aforesaid such Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recovering the lame as any Defendant or Defendants may have for his, her, or their Colts in any other Cafes by Law.

CXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Actions shall be brought by the Order of the Did Trustees agai It any Person or Persons for any Thing relating to this Act, or the Powers herein con- Action ?.nd tained, and a Verdict shall be had and given against the Person or Persons ^Defend against whom such Action or Actions shall be broughr, such Person or anno pay " " Persons shall p..y Double Costs, and the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Costs*

Action or Actions, shall have such Remedy and Remedies for recovering the fame, as any Plain.iff or Pl aintiffs may have for his, her, or their Colls, in any other Cates by Law.

CXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and Patll-kj. Act taken to be a Puolick Act, and shall be judicially iaken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specialiy pleaded.

The

290+

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 148.

The SCHEDULE referred to by the said Act.

A Messuage or Tenement now or late the Property of Collier,

and in the Possession of James Herbert, Barber.

Another Messuage or Tenement now or late the Property of Richard Lloyd, and in the Possession of Richard Lloyd, Butcher, situate in High Street, in the said Town or Borough of Leominster.

Another Messuage or Tenement, now or late the Property of Richard Morris, in the Possession of Cornelius Chapman, Hatter, situate in Mill Street in the said Town.

A Part of a certain other Messuage, Tenement, and Dwelling House, which hangs or projects over towards the Front, and is supported by Three Wood Pillars, the Property and in the Possession of Samuel Nash, Mercer, situate near the Cross in the Broad Street in the said Town or Borough of Leominster.

Another Messuage or Tenement now or late the Property of

in the Possession of Richard Baker, situate in the Lower Marsh in the said Town or Borough of Leominster.

A Part of a certain other Messuage or Tenement, the Property of Mrs.' Wanklin, in the Possession of Thomas Meredith, situate in the Lower Marsh, within the said Town or Borough of Leominster. And

A Building called the Wash House, {landing and being close to the River Pinjley, situate in the Vicarage Street, within the said Town or Borough of Lecminster.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 149.

An Act for effectuating an Exchange between the President and Scholars of Saint "John Baptist College in the University of Oxford, and Christopher Hull, of Footfcray in the County of Kent, Esquire.

[30th June 1808.]

‘IT " WHEREAS William Holmes Dottor in Divinity and President of %/%/ Saint John Baptist College in the University of Oxford, duly V T made and published his last Will and Testament in Writing, dated the Seventeenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and forty-five, executed in the Presence of Three Witnesses, and thereby gave to his Wife One thousand Pounds, and all his Plate, Jewels, Watches, and China Ware, her own Wearing Apparel, also all such Furniture, House-hbld Goods, Books, and Linen, as belonged to her before her Intermarriage; he also gave to Anne Huntly, Mary Huntly, Dorothy Huntly, and Elizabeth Huntly, each the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, payable after the Death of his Wife; also to the Chancellor, Mailers, and Scholars of the University of Oxford One hundred Pounds, to be laid out in Books for the Bodleian Library; to Temperance and Martha Aylmer each the Sum of Five Pounds; to each of his Trustees the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and after giving some specifick Legacies, all his Goods, Chattels, and Estates Real and Personal of what Kind or Nature soever not thereby otherwise disposed of, subject to the Payment of his Legacies, Debts, and Funeral Charges, he gave and bequeathed to John Wright Esquire, Eusebius If jam Doctor in Divinity, and John Stracey Esquire, their Executors, Admini-[Loc. & Per.] 32 0 strators,

Will of Dr. Holmes, dated i,th

2506

Code'll, dated 18th December *745-

Another Codicil, dated lath January 1746-7.

Death of Dr. Holmes

and aoth August 1748.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 149.

strators, and Assigns, upon the Trusts therein-after declared, videlicet,. Upon Trust that they the said Trustees, their Executors, and Administrators should, during the Life of his said Wife, receive the Rents and put forth the Monies to Interest upon such Publick Funds, Government or other Securities, as they, with the Consent of his said Wife,- should think fit; and, upon further Trust out of the Rents and the interest, Produce, and Proceed of his said Estates Real and Personal, should pay! unto his Sifter Rebecca Holmes, during h ir Life, the yearly Sum of Forty Pounds, and also unto his Sifter Elizabeth Holmes, during her Life, the yearly Sum of Forty Pounds, both which Sums should be paid without any Deduction as therein directed; and upon further Trust to pay the Residue of the Rents, Interest, Proceed, and Increase of his said Estates Real and Personal unto his Wife and her Assigns during her Life; and that as his Sifters should respectively happen to die, his Wife, in case she should be then living, should have the Benefit of the several yearly Sums which should from thenceforth be paid to her for her Life, and if it should happen he did in his Life-time make Provision for his Two Sifters to the yearly Amount of Forty Pounds each or upwards, then he thereby declared the Clause in his Will relating to them null and void; and that upon the Death of his Wife the said Trustees and the Survivor of them, his Executors and Administrators, should immediately assign, transfer, and make over, unto the President and Scholars of Saint John Baptist College in Oxford, all his Estate Real and Personal upon Trust, and for such Purposes as should be declared concerning the same by any Codicil or Codicils to be annexed to his Will, or by any Deed or Writing executed in the Presence of Three or more Witnesses, but nevertheless subject to the Payment of the several Sums of Forty Pounds a-piece to his said Sifters for their Lives, and such other of his Legacies as had not then been paid: And whereas the said Testator by a Codicil dated the Eighteenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and forty-five, after in Part reciting the said Will, he inereby confirmed the fame, and declared it to be his Will that che said President and Scholars should after Payment of the said Legacies and Annuities to his said Sifters be possessed of his Estates Real and Personal upon the Trusts therein expressed: And whereas the said Testator by a second Codicil to his said Will dated the Twelfth Day of January One thousand seven hundred and forty-six-seven, willed that after the Decease of his Wife Ten Pounds Eight Shillings for ever, videlicet, Four Shillings weekly to be laid out in Bread, and distributed every Saturday throughout the Year to Sixteen poor Widows: And whereas the said William Holmes died on or about the Fourth Day of April One thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, without having revoked or altered his said Will and Codicils, or any of them: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release dated the Nineteenth and Twentieth Days of August One thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, the Release being made or expressed to be made between Rebecca Holmes and Elizabeth Holmes Sifters and Heirs at Law of the said Testator of the First Part, the said Fresident and Scholars of the Second Part, and the said Eusebius IJham (therein called Eufebv Ifham), John Slracey, and John Wright of the Third Part, reciting the said Will and Codicils, and that the said Rebecca Holmes and Elizabeth Holmes were desirous that the Trulls declared by the said Will and Codicils should be performed, and for that Purpose had agreed to convey the Real Estate of the said Testator to the said Eusebius Ifjam, John Stracey, and John Wright, and their Heirs upon the Trusts declared by the said Will and Codicils;

4 it

2907

n

aiak

ucc,

acts,

ium

i'lC-

fief

and

ishis

dfee

I’hich

K’ald

0 the

f tie. that

3em,

and

Pur.

dials Q tit :Piy. s fa paid: ay of rail-tobe flic

UKS

1 the

Day

ita

!M

trii]

ilia

even

in

and land otic is at

slat!

4w

ndd

leos

m

it

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 149.

it is witnessed, for the more effectual veiling the Moiety of the Messuages,

Land, Tenements, and Hereditaments therein-after mentioned in them for the Purposes aforesaid, and for the Oonfiderati ns therein mentioned, the said Rebecca Holmes and Elizabeth Holmes, at the Request of the said Frefidem and Scholars, did bargain, fell, alien, release, and confirm unto the said Eusebius IJham, John Straccy, and John Wright, and their Heirs, all that their undivided Moiety of the Messuages, Barns, Stables, Outhouses,

Edifices, Buildings, Gardens, Orchards, Yards, Back Tides, Lands, and Hereditaments, and all that Moiety of a Moiety of a Messuage, Barn,

Stable, Lands, and Hereditaments, the Whole situate, lying, and being in the several Parishes of Ghiflehurji, Footfcray, and Bexley, in the County of Kent, to hold the fame Hereditaments and Premises unto the said Eufe-bias IJham, John S.tracey, and John Wright, and their Heirs, to and upon the Trusts, and for the Uses, Intents, and Purposes in and by the said recited Will and Codicils expressed and declared concerning the Real Estate of the said William Holmes: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release dated the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Days of January One thousand dat«H iVh seven hundred and fifty, and made between the said Eusebius IJham (therein ^nd *s’h called Eufeby IJham), and John Wright, (the said John Stracey being dead) dnuarj 1;5°‘ of the One Part, and the said President and Scholars of the other Part, reciting the said Will and Codicils, and that the Executors had paid to the said Sarah Holmes the Testator’s Widow, the Sum of One thousand Pounds so bequeathed to her and delivered to her, her specifick Legacies, and that file was since dead, and that the said Executors had accounted with the President and Scholars for the Personal Estate of the Testator, and transferred to them Two thousand seven hundred and twelve Pounds Twelve Shillings Bank Stock, also Two thousand Pounds Old South Sea Annuities, and likewise paid to them the Sum of 1 hirty-two Pounds Thirteen Shillings and One Penny Three Farthings, which Three Sums constituted the Whole of the Personal Estate of the Testator; and that the said Eusebius IJham and John Wright had agreed to convey the Testator’s Real Estate unto the said President and Scholars according to the Directions of the said Will; it is witnessed, that in pursuance thereof, and in consideration of Five Shillings to them paid by the said President and Scholars, they the said Eujebius IJham and John Wright did bargain, fell, alien, release, and confirm unto the said President and Scholars and their Succdfors, all the before-mentioned Hereditaments and Premises, to hold to them and their Succdfors for ever, subjectc to the Payment of the said several Legacies of Two hundred Pounds a piece to the said Anne Huntly,

Mary Huntly, Dorothy Huntly, and Elizabeth Huntly, and of the Sum of One hundred Pounds to the Chancellor and Master and Scholars of the University of Oxford}? and the said Annuities of Forty Pounds a-piece to the said Rebecca Holmes and Elizabeth Holmes, and upon such Trusts and Confidences, and to and for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes as were declared concerning the Real and Personal Estate of the said Testator by the said in Part recited Codicils: And whereas it is presumed all the said legacies have Legacies have been paid, and the said Annuitants Rebecca Holmes and Eliza- beei1 paid‘ beth Holmes have been long since dead, and the Rents arising from the said devised Estates have ever since been paid and applied in the Manner in the said Will and Codicils directed: And whereas the said Freehold Premises devised by the said Will consist of One undivided Moiety of a Moiety or One-fourth Part of One Messuage and One Cottage, with the Barn, Stable, Garden, Orchard, and several Lands to the fame belonging,

oS

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 149.

ing, containing altogether Eight Acres Two Roods and Thirty-one Perches or thereabouts, situate in the Parishes of Chijlehurji and Footfcray in the County of Kent, also of or to One undivided Moiety or Hall Part of Three Messuages, with the Stables, Outhouses, Gardens, Orchards, and several Lands to the fame belonging, containing in the W hole One hundred and forty-one Acres and Thirty-three Perches or thereabouts, situate in the Parishes of Footfcray and Bexley in the said County of Kent, let together at the yearly Rack Rent of One hundred and twenty-one Pounds and One Shilling clear of all Taxes arid Deductions, which Premises,* with the yearly Rent and Value thereof, are specified in the First Schedule hereunto annexed: And whereas Christopher Hull Esquire is seised or otherwise entitled to him and his Heirs in Fee Simple free from Incumbrances, of or to Two Messuages, with the Homeftalls, Gardens, Orchards, and several Lands thereunto belonging, containing by Computation One hundred and seventy-seven Acres and Twenty-eight Perches (more or lei’s) situate in the Parish of Garfington in the County of Oxford, with Twenty-four Cow Commons thereunto belonging, let at the yearly Rack Rent of One hundred and sixty Pounds clear of all Taxes and Deductions, and the fame Premises, with the yearly Rent and yearly Value thereof, are specified in the Second Schedule hereunto annexed: And whereas the said undivided Fourth Part devised as aforesaid of the first-mentioned Messuage, Cottage, Lands, and Premises, containing altogether Eight Acres Two Roods and Thirty-one Perches or thereabouts in the said County of Kent, are held in Common with the said Christopher Hull, who is entitled in Fee Simple to the other Three-fourth Parts thereof; and the said undivided Moiety devised as aforesaid of Two Messuages, with the Bams, Stables, Outhouses, Gardens, Orchards, and several Lands thereunto respectively belonging, containing Eighty-six Acres and Thirty-five Perches, Part of the said Premises, containing in the Whole One hundred and forty-one Acres and Thirty-three Perches, are also held in common with the said Christopher Hull, who is entitled in Fee Simple to the other Moiety thereof; and One Messuage, with the Stables, Outhouses, Garden, Orchard, and several Lands thereunto belonging, containing Fifty-four Acres Three Roods and Thirty-eight Perches, being the remaining Part of the said Premises, containing in the W hole One hundred and forty-one Acres and Thirty-three Perches, and One undivided Moiety whereof was devised as aforesaid, lie contiguous to the said Lands and to other Lands of or belonging to the said Christopher Hull in the Parishes df Footfcray and Bexley, and the Whole of the said Hereditaments lie at an inconvenient Distance from the said College and University of Oxford: And whereas it would be of manifest Convenience and Advantage to the lhid President and Scholars of the said College and the said Christopher Hull, and they are therefore mutually desirous that the said Fourth Part and also the said Moieties of the said Freehold Estates in Ckiflehurfi, Footfcray, and Bexley, in the said County of Kent, may be vested in the said Christopher Hull and his Heirs, freed and discharged of and from the Trulls declared by the said Will and Codicils of the said William Hohnes, in lieu of and in Exchange for the said Two Messuages, Lands, and Cow Commons of the said Christopher Hull, situate in the Parish of Garfington in the said County of Oxford, and that the fame Freehold Messuages, Lands, and Cow Commons in Garfington shall be vested in the said President and Scholars of Saint John Baptist College in the University of Oxford, and their Successors for ever, upon the Trulls and for the Intents

and

2909

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 149.

and Purposes declared by the said Will and Codicils of the said William Holmes, of and concerning the said Fourth Part and Moieties thereby devised the said Christopher Hull, paying to the said President and Scholars the Sum of Forty-four Pounds and Seventeen Shillings for Equality of Exchange; but inasmuch as the above Purposes cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said President and Scholars do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affern-bled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, all that undivided Moiety of a Moiety or Mr. Hu.1, &c. One-fourth Part of all that Freehold Messuage and Cottage, with the Barn,

Stable, Garden, Orchard, and several Lands to the fame belonging, containing altogether Eight Acres Two Roods and Thirty-one Perches or thereabouts, situate in the said Parities of Chijleburjl and Footferay, or One of them, in the said County of Kent, and all'o all that undivided Moiety or Half Part of Three Messuages. with the Stables, Outhouses,

Gardtns, Orchards, and several Lands to the fame belonging, containing in the whole One hundred and forty-one Acres and Thirty-three Perches or thereabouts, situate in the said Parishes of Footfcray and Bexley, or One of them, in the said County of Kent, devised by the said Will and Codicils of the said William Holmes deceased, and in the First Schedule to this Act annexed more particularly mentioned and described, together with all and singular the Rights, Members, Easements, and Appurtenances to the said undivided Moiety of a Moiety or Fourth Part, and also to the said undivided Moiety or Half Part respectively belonging or appertaining shall be, and the lame are hereby, from the passing of this Act, vested in the said Christopher Hull and his Heirs and Assigns for ever, freed and discharged, and absolutely acquitted, exempted, and exonerated of and from all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand of the aforesaid President and Scholars and their Successors, and all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever for whom they or any of them are or is seised or entitled in Trust in any wise howsoever, and of all and every Person and Persons whomsoever claiming under the said Will and Codicils of the said William Holmes, or the Trulls thereof, or the said Indentures of the Nineteenth and Twentieth Days of A'jgujl One thousand seven hundred and forty-eight, in lieu of and in Exchange for the said Two Messuages, with the Homeftalls, Gardens, Orchards, and several Lands thereunto belonging, containing One hundred and seventy-seven Acres and Twenty-eight Perches or thereabouts, situate in the Panlh of Garfington in the County of Oxford, with the Twenty Tour Cow Commons thereunto belonging, particularly set forth in the Second Schedule annexed to this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That, from and immediately after the The Estate& passing of this Act, all those Two Messuages, with the Homeftalls, Gar- j

dens. Orchards, and several Lands thereto belonging, situate in the Farish in the Prefi. of GarJiJigton in the said County of Oxford, and now in the Occupation scSc* la"*1 cf of William Clinkard, also the Barns, Cowhouses, and Yard in the Town, 'si. John’s and also all those several Pieces or Parcels of Arable, Meadow, and Paf- Cclggin ture Ground lying and being in the Parish of Garfington aforesaid, and said or " to contain together by Computation One hundred and fevemv-seven Acres [Loc. Isf Perl] 32 P and

2910 48‘ GEORGII III. Cdf>. 14.9.

and twenty-eight Perches (more or less), but containing by actual Admeasurement One hundred and twenty-seven Acres Three Roods and Twenty-two Perches, and in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed more particularly mentioned and described, which last-tnentioned Messuages, Lands, and Premises were granted and conveyed unto the Paid Christopher Hull and his Heirs by certain Indentures of Lease and Release bearing Date respectively on or about the First and Second Days of February One thousand eight hundred and eight, the Release being made between William Hayward as therein described of the Firit Part, the Right Honourable Charles Henry Earl of Peterborough and Monmouth of the Second Part, and the said Christopher Hull of the Third Part, by the several ancient Descriptions therein contained thereof, and all Houses, Cottages, Outhouses, Edifices, Buildings, Barns, Stables, Yards, Gardens, Orchards, Closes of Land, Meadow and Pasture, Feedings, Woods, Underwoods, and the Ground and Soil thereof, Commons, Common of Pasture and of Turbary and other Commonable Rights, Hedges, Ditches, Fences, Mounds, Ways, Paths, Passages, Waters, Watercourses, Liberties, Privileges, Fafe-ments. Profits, Commodities, Advantages, and Emoluments whatsoever to the fame Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or any of them respectively belonging, or in anywise appertaining or accepted, re* puled, deemed, taken, known, held, or enjoyed as Part, Parcel, or Member of the fame, or any of them respectively, shall be settled upon and veiled in, and the same are hereby, from and after the passing of this Act, settled upon and vested in the said President and Scholars and their Successors for ever freed and discharged of, and from all Estates, Right, Title and Interest, Claim and Demand of him the said Christopher Hull and his Heirs of, in, and to the fame, but nevertheless upon such I'rust, and for such Intents.and Purposes as the said devised Fourth Part and Moieties in Chislehurst, Footfcray, and Bexley in the County of Kent, immediately before the passing of this Act, were held upon and subject and liable to and in Exchange for the same.

Directing

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Christopher Hull shall

ply to'st*0 immediately after the passing of this Act pay unto the said President and jo'-n’aCoi- Scholars of Saint John Baptist College in the University of Oxford, the Sum of Forty-four Pounds and Seventeen Shillings, to be applied by them Equality of under the Trusts of the said Will and Codicils of the said William Holmes Exchange. for Equality of Exchange, and in case the same shall not be so paid, then the said Sum of Forty-four Pounds and Seventeen Shillings shall be and remain a Charge upon the said Freehold Premises in the several Parishes of Footfcray, Chislehurst, and Bexley, with Interest thereon at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum.

Eviction

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any of the

i sause. faij Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively hereinbefore limited, settled, and allured as aforesaid, shall at any Time or Times hereafter be lawfully recovered from or taken away out of the Possession of the Person or Persons, his or their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, in or upon whom, or to whole Ule the lame Premises are by this Act respectively settled and limited, by or under any Right or Title prior or otherwise precedent to the Right or Title of either of the said exchanging Parties, then and from thenceforth the said Exchange hereby made shall be utterly void and of none Effect; and it shall be lawful for the

2911

48° GEORGII TIL Cap. 149.

the Person or Persons, or Party or Parties so evicted, and his or their Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, immediately after such Eviction, to re-enter into such of the said Messuages> Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments hereby veiled in or by way of Exchange as aforesaid as belonged to him or them, who or whole Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, shall be so evicted or dispolfelled in such and the same Manner as he or they would have had or been entitled to the fame in case this Act had not been made, and the fame and every Part thereof to have again, repossess, and enjoy, as in his and their first and former Estate; any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and !?eJ‘'ralo{ Successors, and to the Lords of the Manors in which the said Heredita- Rights.0* ments hereby exchanged are respectively situate, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators respectively (other than and except the said President and Scholars and their Successors, and the said Christopher Hull and his Heirs, and all and every other Person and Persons claiming, or who shall or may claim, any Estate, Right,

Title, Trust, or Interest, of, in, to, or out of the aforesaid Hereditaments respectively hereby veiled and settled in Exchange as aforesaid, under or by virtue of the aforesaid recited Will and Codicils of the said William Holmes, and of the said Two recited Conveyances made in pursuance thereof, or any of them respectively, or under or in Trust for the said Christopher HW/),all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, and out of the fame Hereditaments hereby veiled and settled respectively as aforesaid, as they, every, or any of them respectively had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so E^en in printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and Evidence, others.

2912

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 149.

The FIRST SCHEDULE

To which the said ACT refers.

All that undivided Moiety of a Moiety or One-fourth Part of One Messuage, One Cottage with the Barn, Stable, Garden, and several Lands to the fame belonging, situate, lying, and being in the Paiilhes of Chislehurst: and Footfcray in the County of Kent, now in the Occupation of John Ilartlhorne.

In CHISLEHURST.

House, Barn, Stable, Yard, and Garden Orchard -

Meadow

In FOOTSCRAY.

Meadow -

Cottage and Garden Meadow

All that undivided Moiety or Half Part of Three Messuages with the Stables, Outhouses, Gardens, Orchards, with several Lands to the fame belonging, situate in the Parishes of Fcotfcray and Bexley, or One of them, in the County of Kent, now in the several Occupaions of Christopher Hull, the Widow Ruffed, and Henry Holt White.

In FOOTSCRAY and BEXLEY, in the Occupation of Henry Holt White.

On Lease For 19 Years from 1,0th October j8o8.

Farm House, Yard, and Garden Barn and Yard A Piece of Land in Halford Street, Arable Barnfield Arable Orchard Arabic Upper Lane Field, Arable \ Lower Barn Field, Arable I Romans Field, Part Arable, Parc Meadow I Seven Acre Meadow, Arable 1 Eave Gate Field. Arable Middle Field, Arable

Canied forward

(continvsj)

29r3

d.89 GEORGII III. Cap. *49*

, I" U—^-----—t-----—

In FOOTSCRAY and BEXLEY, in the Occupation of Henry Holt White—continued.

On Lease for

from Lady Day 1807.

7

UU(3HH03 T25IR

..usbiTDA b«l 3li) r.

" I’-Ci fiftnolaaO *> :r.M s

Brought forward

Lower Lane Field, Arable

Five Acres, Arable-

Seven Acres, Arable

Hop Ground, Arable

Woodside Field, Arable

Brick Kiln Field, including Oziers

Bexley field, Arable

In the Possession of Christopher Hull.

Orchard -

Home Meadow -

Middle Meadow

Lower Meadow - <-

Lucerne Field Woodland, unlet

In the Possession of the Widow Ruiffell.

'Dwelling House, Buildings, Yard, Garden, Shrubbery, Water -

Walnut Tree Field, Arable and Meadow Four-Acre Meadow Three-Acre Meadow The Acre Piece, Arable and Oziers Acre Piece - _ -

F ront Field -

Old Bridge Field Oak Tree Field Cherry Orchard Pear Orchard

Pond -

Lower Meadow

Quantity

Lmd.

Timber by Valuation 405 7.

George Maudy.

James Packer, as to Admeasurement. Tho Wyatt, as to the Value.

[Lee. Ss1 Per.]

32 Q

The

2914-

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 149.

The SECOND SCHEDULE

To which the said Act refers.

All ihofe Two Messuages, with the Homeftalls, Gardens, Orchards, with the several Lands thereunto belonging, fuuate, lying, and being in the Pardh of Garfington, in the County of Oxford, now in the Occupation of William Clinkard; consisting of the following Particulars:

29r5

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 149.

The Second Schedule—continued.

Pieces.

Staggering Field—continued.

Brought forward

Ditto Markham Dean Bottom Ditto I.inner’s Hill Furlong Ditto Furlong below Wheatly Way-Ditto Woofwell Bottom - Ditto Long Downs Furlong Ditto Goulder Ditto -

ELWELL FIELD. Piece in Holly Thorn Furlong Ditto Furlong {hooting to Horn Path Ditto Ten Acre Furlong Ditto Goswell Ditto Piece in Ell well Head Dr to Sadler’s Hedge Furlong Ditto Middle Ditto Di to Brook Ditto Ditto Middle Ditto Ditto Ellwell Ditto

Ditto Middle Furlong (hooting to Priestwell Ditto Doctor’s Close Furlong Ditto Prieltwell Leys Ditio Ditto {hooting to Priestwell Spring

NORTH FIELD. Pieces in Brook Furlong Ditto Middle Ditto Ditto Hare Hedge Ditto Ditto Short Alton Ditto Ditto (hooting to Whi'e s Cloles Ditto in Aston Bottom Furlong Piece in Long Aston Ditto North Lands Furlong Ditto Black Lands Ditto D-ittb Key Brook Ditto Ditto Dunstead Ditto Ditto Ditto Mead Ditto Little Mead

SOUTH SIDE.

Old Ikclosures. Butler’s Close -

Ditto Orchard -

Cottage, Barn, Yard, Garden, and Orchard

COMMON FIELDS. Blindwell Field.

Piece (hooting to Orchard Ditto Long Lands Ditto Hill Furlong

Carried forward

1 o 6 0 3 14 o 2 17

- 1 1 16

o 3 30

0 3 3

119 o iy

?oi6

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 149

The Second Schedule—continued.

Yearly Rent.

Lind.

£. d. s. d.

WELL’s HILL FIELD.

Piece*. Brought forward 119 0 >9

1. Piece in Hill Furlong - 0 x 27

x. Ditto Annis Croft Ditto - 0 1 13

1. Ditto Long Elms Ditto 0 1 32

* Ditto Moor Ditto 0 1 24

HOME FIELD.

3- Pieces in Road Furlong . 1 39

Ditto Middle Ditto -

Ditto Furlong (hooting to Closes 0 1 31

Ditto March Crouch Furlong -

* Ditto Brook Ditto - - 0 2 39

GOATHAM FIELD.

2. Pieces in Broad Mead -

2, Ditto Mouse Furlong -

x. Ditto Nine Pin Ley - - - 0 1 26

x. Ditto Lot Mead -

* Ditto Humble Brook Mead - 0 2 16

127. 3 22 l6o O O 80 0 0

Twenty-four Cow Commons.

Timber by Valuation ^.360 10 o

Geo. D'Arville.

James Packer, as to Admeasurement. Tho' Wyatt, as to the Value.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

La

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 150.

An Act to confirm and render valid and effectual a Partition of divers Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Carlow and Kildare, in Ireland, formerly the Estates of Jeffery Paul Esquire, deceased,

' [ 3 oth June 18 08. j

WHEREAS by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date indentures of . respectively the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Days of Fe- Least and R brnary One thousand seven hundred and eight, the Release dted.&C’ made between James Duke of Ormond and Charles Lord Weston. and Earl of Arran, Brother of the said Duke, of the First Part; Sir Stephen Fox Knight, the Right Honourable Edward Southwell Esquire, Richard Miller Gentleman, Edward Nicholas Esquire, and "Thomas Gibson Gentleman, the Right Honourable Dorothy Countess Dowager of Arran, in the Kingdom of Ireland, the Right Honourable Charles Lord Cornwallis, and Charlotte Lady Cornwallis his Wife, of the Second Part; ancf 7eff‘rJ Paul then of Ballyraggan, in the County of Kildare, in Ireland, Esquire, since deceased, of the Third Part; all that, the Towns and Lands of Part of Rathvilly, containing Five hundred and five Acres Two Roods and Twenty-four Perches, with the Tolls, Profit, and Benefit of the Fairs; the Town and Lands of KnockagliJJie-ie, containing by Estimation, Five hundred and seventy-nine Acres Two Roods, with Fifty-six Acres of Bog; both the Town and Lands of Bogh, otherwise B.ugh, containing by Ef-tiir.ation, Two hundred and thirty-seven Acres Three Roods, in ail One thousand three hundred and fevemy-eight Acres Three Roods and Twenty-four Perches, Plantation MeTure, more or less (except Church or \Loc. y Per.] 32 II Jtfanor

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

Manor Lands, if any there were), situate in the Barony of Ratbvilly and County of Carlow, without relarion to Ballfmote, being Part and Parcel of Portrujbin; together with all Walls, Castles, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, referring to the Duke, his Heirs and Assigns, all Royalties; were duly conveyed and allured unto the said Jeffery Paul, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, subject to the Payment of the Yearly Rene of One hundred and twenty-six Pounds One Shilling and Eight-pence for ever, unto the said Edward Nicholas and ‘Thomas Gibson, their Heirs and Assigns, at the Cattle of Kilkenny, by equal Portions, at the Feasts of Easter and Saint Michael, clear of Taxds (except Quit Rent, Crown Rent, and Chief Rent, and all other Impositions on the said Rent): And whereas by certain other Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Twenty-hfth and Twenty-sixth Days of November One thousand l'even hundred and nine, the Release made between the said James Duke of Ormond and the said Charles Lord Westoit and Eail of Arran, of the First Part; the said Sir Stephen Fox, Edward SouthweH, Richard Miller, Edward Nicholas, and Thomas Gibson, Dorothy Countess Dowager of Arran, Charles Lord Cornwallis, and Charlotte Lady Cornwallis, his Wife, of the Second Part $ and the said Jeffery Paul of the Third Part; all that the Town and Lands ol Knockevagh, containing Four hundred and forty one Acres, Plantation Measure, be they more or less, situate, lying, and being in the Barony of Rathvilly, in the County of Catherlough, together with all Cadies and Appurtenances thereto belonging, reserving to the Duke all Royalties, vv^re duly conveyed and assured unto the said Jeffery Paul, his Heirs ar>d Assigns for ever, iubjeffc to the Payment of the Yearly Rent of Forty-eight Pounds Nineteen Shillings and Ten-pence, unto the said Edward Nicholas and Thomas Giljon, their Heirs ana Assigns, at the Manor House and OafHe of Kilkenny-, by equal Portions, at the Feasts of Easter and Saint Michael, ciea^of Taxes, except Quit Rent, and Corn Rent, and Chief Kents, and all other Impositions on the said Rent: And whereas the said Jeffery Paul (now deceasecf) was in his Life-time also seized of, or entitled to, an Estate in Fee Simple, of and in all those Two-thirds of One-fourth Part of the Lands of Ballycollane, retaining Ninety-one Acres and Twenty Perches. Planfaiioh Measure, situate in the Barony of Kilkea and Moone, in the County of Kilakm \ and also of and in all that and thoie the Five Karts of the said Lands of Bel-lycollane, the Whole in Six Parts to be divided, together with the Lhads of Newtown, in the Barcny of Kilkea and Moone aforesaid, containing in the Whole Four hundred and eighty-tveo Acres. One Rood arui Siac Perches, subject to a Chiefry of One Pound Six Shillings and £.ipht-pe nee, and a Quit Rent of Eleven Pounds Five Shillings and Five-pence, all which Lands were formerly the Property of! Alebccmder.Muftaee.atrai n ted for Treason j and also all those the several Towns and Lands of Rally Huhbart, containing Three hundred and seventy-three Acres.; BaJlyvas, containing Four hundred and twenty Acres; NarrugbEg,. Bailycargy, arid Tudantjiown, cemaining together Six hundred Acres; Rathfculidvi^ containing One hundred and twenty-two Acres, be the lame more or left, all lying in the Barony of Kilkea and Moone aforesaid: And whereas the said Jtff&y Paul being so seized or intitled in Fee Simple of and in the said several Towns, Lands, and Hereditaments* and undivided Parcs and ‘Shares, herein-before particularly described, duly made and published his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the Eighth Day of Na-ivemher in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and twenty, " _ whereby.

48° GEORGII III. Cup. 150.

whereby, after giving to his Wife, Jblikabeth PM (finee deceased), the Sum of Five-hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum during her Life, to be paid her Yearly out of his Heal Estate, as her Deed of Settlement directedv and ordering that, in case he should die without III he, all his Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Charges, should foe paid immediately after his Decease by his Real and Personal Estate» to be sold or mortgsged-as his Ex ecu tort should think convenient; he we said Testator gave and bequeathed - ail what remained, after paying yearly his said dear Wife's JointUre, and aH other his Debts as aforesaid, of his Heal and Personal Ettate tohfs Brothe^v JeJhua Paul, during his Life, Remainder to the First: and other Sons of the said Joffua fucteftivdy i a Tail-male; and for Default of such I flue, and in case the said Testator should happen to die without Issue, he gaVe and bequeathed all his Real and Per fond I F.state to his Sifters, Mistress Rebecca Minchin, Mistress Deborah Annecy*, Mistress Hannah TVeiV/y thereto, by mistake, called Hannah O* Neale, and Miftrfefs Sarah Meredith, to be divided into Five Parts among them; Two-fifths he left and gave to his Sifter "Deborah Annejky, and One-fifth to each of the other, of his Three Sifter^ that the said Eftare should be at their own Disposal to give it among their Children for ever; and all and every the Lid Taftator’s Estates thereinbefore limited, were thereby declared to be subject to the Payment of all the several Debts and Legacies therein-before ^nd-therein-after mentioned; and after requesting and desiring that his Brother Joshua Paul, would fell his Post, and come over to Ireland to live, and giving feme finall pecuniary Legacies, amounting in all tb Ninety Pounds (which were not thereby intended to be charged on his Real Estate, but on his Peffonal Estate only), the said Testator appointed the said Jojhud Paul folc Executor of his skid Will, and afterwards died on or about the First Day of January in the Year One thousand seven hundred and twenty-one,without revoking or altering the fame, otherwise than by >a Memorandum in Writing, giving a further small pecuniary Legacy: And whereas the said Jo/hita Paul, on or about the Ninth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and twenty, duly proved the said Will and Memorandum in Di& Majesty's Prerogative Court in Ireland: And whereas the said 'Jeffery Paul died without Issue, leaving the said Jojkua Paul, his Brother and Heir at Law, and his said Four Sifters, Rebecca Minchin, Deborah AnneJIey, Hannah Neill, and Sarah Meredith, all him' surviving; and the said Jo? Jhud Paul, on the Decease of the said Testator, Jeffery Paul, entered into Possession of the Estates so devised to him for his Life, as aforesaid, and continued in Possession, and in the Receipt of the Rents, Issues and Profits thereof until the Time of Ms Decease, which happened on or about the Twenty-third Day of July One thousand seven hundred and sixty-four, when he died without Issue, having in his Life Time, as Executor of the said Jeffery Paul the Testator, by and out of his Personal Estate, paid off all his Debts, Legacies and Funeral Expencgs: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release, bearing Date respectively the Nineteenth and Twentieth Days of April One thousand seven hundred and seventy-one, tha Release made between Henry Banbury Esquire, John Carden Esquire, eideft Son and Heir at Law of John C rden and Rebecca Carden, otherwise Minchin, his Wife, both deceased; and the Reverend Joseph Bunbury Clerk, of the First Part; Minchin Carden, lJaul Carden, and William Carden Esquire; John Lapjttdkiri Esquire, and P rife ilia Lap-judkin, otherwise’ Carden, his Wife; Hich'.rd Kyffin Esquire, and Hannah Kyffin, otherwise Carden, his Wife; John Strong Esquire, and Mary Strong, 9 otherwise

2g20

GEORGII III. Cap. ljo,

otherwise Carden, his Wife j and Elizabeth Lockwood, other wise Carden, Widow; Humphrey Mine tin, la re of Butherjlown, in the King's County Esquire; Paul Minchin, elded Son and Heir at Law of George Minchin Esquire, deceased; Benjamin Hobert Gentleman, and Sophia Robert, otherwise Minchin, his Wife; Sarah Anderson otherwise Minchin v his Wife, Sarah Anderson, otherwise Minchin, and Ann Barnard, otherwise Minchin, Widow; Humphrey Minchin Esquire, elded Son and Heir at Law of Paul Minchin Esquire, deceased, and Heir at Law of Jane Minchin; Mary Hemsworth, otherwise Minchin; and Elizabeth Mitchell, otherwise Minchin, deceased, which said Paul Minchin and George Minchin, deceased, Humphrey Minchin Esquire, of Butherjlown, Rebecca Carden, Sarah Anderson, Ann Barnard, Sophia Robert Jane Minchin, Mary Hemsworth, and Elizabeth Mitchell, were the only Children of the said Rebecca Minchin, Widow, by Humphrey Minchin of Ballymakil aforesaid, Esquire, deceased-, of the Second Part; and the Honourable Edward Stratford, elded Son and Heir Apparent of the Right Honourable John Lord Baltinglass, of the Kingdom of Ireland, of the Third Part; and by Fines fur conuzance de droit come cco, tec. therein covenanted to be, and which were afterwards levied accordingly, after reciting, among other Things, that the said Jeffery Paul, deceased, was at the Time of his Qeceafe, seized in Fee Simple of and in the Towns and Lands of Raibviliy, Patrickswell, Bogh, otherwise Bough, Rnocklefoimore, Knocklifhimbegg, and Knockevagh, and of Yearly Fee-farm Rents issuing out of Barnhill and Cook, situate, lying, and being in the Barony of Rathvilly, and County of Caiherleugh aforesaid j and of and in the Towns and Lands of Rallivas, Ballybobcrt, otherwise Hoberts-town, and Bally colane, situate in the Barony of Kilkea and Moone, in the County of Kildare, and of the Rights, Members, Privileges, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging; and that the said Rebeua Minchin, Deborah Annejley, Hannah Neill,’.and Sarah Meredith, all deceased, Sifters of the said Jeffery Paul, became entitled to Estates in Fee Simple in the said Towns and Lands, and Fee-farm Yearly Rents aforesaid, expectant on the Decease of the said Joshua Paul, without Issue Male, in the following Shares and Proportions (that is to say): Two undivided Fifth Parts, Shares, or Proportions thereof to the said Deborah Annejley, her Heirs and Assigns for ever; One undivided Fifth Part, Share, or Proportion thereof to the said Rebecca Minchin, her Heirs and Assigns for ever; One undivided Fifth Part, Share, or Proportion thereof, to the said Hannah Neilfi her Heirs and Assigns for ever; One undivided Fifth Part, Share or Proportion thereof, to the said Sarah Meredith, her Heirs and Assigns for ever and reciting that (lie, the said Rcbecea Minchin, died on or about the Twelfth Day of January, One thousand seven hundred and nfty-two; and that the said Towns and Lands of Rathvilly, PatrickJ'well, Bogh otherwise Bough,- Knockkfnmore, Knocklijhinebcgg, and Knockevab, were at the Time of the Decease of the said Joshua Paul, set to and in the Possession of several different Tenants, by and under Leases thereof to* them made, then in being and undetermined, at certainYearly Rents; and the said Lands of Barnhill and Cook were also at the same Time set to and in the Possession of other Tenants, by and under Pee-farm Leases to them made, of certain Yearly Rents issuing the reout, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of Eight hundred and five Pounds Lighceeu Shillings and Four-pence Yearly, over andabove Quit Rent, Crown Rent, ChicfKent,andallotherR<-ntorKents payable thereout; and that no Partitions or Divisions of the said Towns or

Lauds,-

Lands, or any Part theft*of, or of said Fee-farm Rents, had then been riiade between the several Persons entitled thereto $ and that the said undivided Fifth Part, Share, or Proportion of the said Towns and Lands, and of the Fee-farm and other Rents thereout reserved and made payable as aforesaid, ot which the said Rebecca Minchin was seized, and to which His was entitled as aforesaid, and all her Estate and Interest in and to the fame, was then legally veiled in said Henry Bunbury, Joseph Bunbwy, John Carden, Minchin Carden, Paul Carden, William Carden, Prifcilia Carden, Hcnn-h Kyfftn, Mary Strong, Elizabeth Lockwood, Humphrey Minchin, late of Butherjlown, Paul Alincbin, Heir at Law of the said George Alincbin, Sophia Hob set, Sarah Ar.derson, Ann Barnard, and Hum- phrey Alincbin, fieir at Law of them the said Paul Minchin, deceased, cr some or one of them j it is witnessed, that, for the Considerations therein expressed, all that and those One undivided Fifih Part. Share, and Proportion of the said Towns and Lands of Ratbvilly, PaUickfwell, Bogh, otherwise Bough, Knocklejhimore, Knocklijhinebegg, and Knockevagh; and also One undivivided Fifth Part, Share, or Proportion of the Yearly Fee-farm Rents Bluing out of Barnhill and Coale, situate, lying, and being in the County of Catherl ugh aforesaid; and also all that and those One undivided Fifth Part, Share, or Proportion of the said Towns and Landa of Ballyvas, Ballyhalert, otherwise Hoberlfiown and Ballycclane, situate, lying, and being in the County of Kildare aforesaid; ard also One undivided Fifth Part, Share, and Proportion of and in the Appurtenances, were duly conveyed and allured unto and to the Use of the said Edivatd Stratford, his Heirs and Assigns for ever: And whereas the said Edward Stratford afterwards became a Peer of Ireland, by the Title of tRe Earl of Aldborough: And whereas the said Earl of Aldborough duly made and published his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the Fifth Day of October, in the Year One thousand eight hundred; and after flat--ing his Reifon for leaving his Wife Ann Eliza, foie Heircfs of all his Real and Person?.! Estate, Goods, Chattels, Stock, Furniture, Books, Paintings, both in Great Britain and Ireland, Lease and Freehold Lntefefts, Purchases, Carriages, and Horse-, during the Term of her natural Life, the said Testator bequeathed, in Failure of Ilfuein and on the Decease of his said Wife, to his Nephews, John Wingfield, Charles Bowen, Aldborough HennA ker, Son to the General, and their Heirs, each in due Succession as named, with usual Lknirations, each taking and bearing the Name and Arms of Stratford, and in Default thereof, to go to the next Siicceflors, the Whole of his Real, Personal and acquired Property, Houfts, Furniture, Goods, Plate, jewels, and every other Chattel, and*'Valuation, and Reversion of his Entailed Estate, in Failure oflffue Male in his B. other and Self: And the said Testator afterwards died on or about the Second Day of January in the Year One thousand eight hundred and one, without having revoked or altered his Will, leaving his Wife, the said Ann Eliza Countess of Aldborough, him surviving, who, on the Decease of her said Husband, entered upon and took Possession of his Real and Personal Estates and ££-feels so bequeathed to her for her Life 2s aforesaid, and continued in Possession, and in the Receipt of the Rents, Hides and Profits thereof until the Day of her Decease, which happened on the Fourteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and two, without ever having had any Issue: And whereas the said Deborah Annefiey (the Second Sifter of the said Tef-tator, 'Jcjfery PaulJ, on the Decease of the said Joshua Paul, entered upon and took Possession of the said Two undivided Fifth Parts or Shares \Loc. Per.'] y S of

2Q22

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

of and in the said Estates so devised to her by the said Will of the said Jeffery Paul, and continued in Possession, and in the Receipt of the Rents, Issues and Profits thereof, until the Time of her Decease: And whereas the said Deborah Annejley intermarried, in the Life-time of the said Tef-tator, Jeffery Paul, with Francis Annejley Esquire, and died on or about the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and sixty-one, leaving Two Children by her said Husband {videlicet), Deborah Doyne, (then the Wife of Robert Doyne Esquire), and Hannah Spring (then the Wife of Thomas Spring Esquire), her surviving, but without having made any Appointment or Disposition of her said Two undivided Fifth Parts or Shares of and in the fame Estates among!! her said Children, which, on her Decease, descended to, and the said Deborah Doyne, and Hannah Spring became seized thereof in Fee Simple, in equal Moieties, under and by virtue of the Limitations contained in the said Will of the said Jeffery Paul, deceased: And whereas the said Deborah Doyne, on the D<-cease of her Mother, the said Deborah Annejley, entered upon and took Possession of the said One undivided Fifth Part or Share of and in the fame Estates whereof lhe became so seized as aforesaid, and continued in Possession, and in the Receipt of the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, until the Time of her Decease: And whereas the said Deborah Doyne intermarried with Robert Doyne, of Wells, in the County of Wexford Esquire, since deceased, and afterwards died on or about the Fourth Day of March, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, inteliate, where upon her undivided Fifth Part or Share of and in the fame Estates defended upon Robert Doyne, late of Wells, in the County of Wexford Esquire, her eldest Son and Heir at Law, who, upon her Decease, entered upon and continued in Possession, and in the Receipt of the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, until the Time of his Death: And whereas the said Robert Doyne, the Son, duly made and published his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date on or about the Third Day of September, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and thereby, after disposing of certain Estates (being no Part of the Estates of the Lid Jeffery Paul deceased), gave and bequeathed unto his Wife, Mary Doyney~ and Executrix, all the Rest, Residue and Remainder of all and singular his Estates, Goods, and Chattels, wherever he had any Power the^i or thereafter, and not therein specifically disposed of and bequeathed; and the said Testator afterwards died on or about the First Day of December, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and ninety-three, without revoking or altering his said Will, leaving his Widow, the said Mary Doyne, him surviving, who on the Decease of her said Husband, entered upon and took Possession of the said undivided Fifth Part or Share of and in the fame Estates so devised by his iaid Will as aforesaid, and hath ever since continued and now is in Possession, and in the Receipt of the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof: And whereas the said Hannah Spring, the other Daughter of the said Deborah Annejley, on her Decease, entered upon and took Possession of the said undivided Fifth Part or Share of and in the fame Estates, whereot (he became Io seized as aforesaid, and continued in Possession, and in the Receipt-of the Rents, I flues, and Profits thereof, until the Time of her Decease: And whereas the said Hannah Spring died on or about the Fifteenth Day of July, in the Year One thousand ftven hundred and eighty-seven, intestate as to her Real Estates, leaving her Grand-daughter, Catherine Rice (the Wife of Stephen Edward Rice), her'

ihere-nd ihe

ihr, in yo king {,

a and

in rt» lines Elects,

: other on arid in ik lirnitj

itfeoff

,(iied

’icven

r btf

W

4.3" GEORGII III. Cap. It,6.

Heir at Law, htr fur vising: And whereas the said Stephen Edward Rice intermarried with the said Catherine Rice; and the said Stephen Edward Rice and Catherine his Wife, on the Decease of the said Hannah Spring, entered u^on and took Possession of her said undivided Fifth Part or Share of and in the fame Estates; and by Two Fines fur conuzance de droit come ceo, et cetera, and by an indenture of Bargain and Sale, bearing Date the Seventh Day of Auguf One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, and duly inmlled in the Court of Common Pleas in Ireland, the fame One undivided Fifth Part or Share now fhnds limited to such Use and Uses as the said Stephen Edward Rice, and Catherine his Wife, should by Deed appoint, and until 3nd in Default of such Appointment, to the TJfe of the said Catherine, her Heirs and Aligns for ever; And whereas the said Hannah Neill (the Third Sifter of the said Jeffery Paul deceased) intermarried, in his Life-time, with Benjamin Neill Cl rk, and afterwards died, on or about the Second Lay of D cember in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-three, in the Life-time* of the said Joshua Paul, the Brother of the said Testator, leaving only Two Children by her said Husband (videlicet), Martha Lady Baltinglass (then the Wife of John Lord Baltinglass), and Deborah Bailey, her surviving, but without having made any Appointment or Dispofuion of her said One undivided Fifth Part or Share of and in the fame Estates so devised to her by the said Will of the said Jeffery Paul deceated, as aforesaid, amongst her laid Children: And whereas, on the Decease of the said Hannah Neill, the Interest of the said Hannah Neill, in One undivided Tenth Part or Share of and in the fame Estates, defeended to, and devolved upon, the said Martha Lady Baltinglass, as one of the Two Daughters of the said Hannah Neill; but the said Hannah Neill having in her Life-time, made some Appointment thereof in Favour of the said Edward Earl of Aldborough, under which the said Edward Earl of Aldborough had taken Possession thereof, the said Edward Earl of Aldborough was permitted by his Mother, the said Martha Lady Baltinglass, to enjoy the fame during her Life-time; and on the Death of the said Martha Lsdv Baltiglass, without having made any effectual Devise thereof, the fame defeended upon the said Edward Earl of Aldborough, her eldest Son and Heir at Law: And whereas the said John Wingfield Stmt-ford, in Conformity to the Directions of the said recited Will of the said Edward Earl of Aldborough, deceased, did, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and three, obtain His Majesty's Royal Licence to aftume and take the Surname and Arms of Stratford, and he hath since the obtaining the said Licence, been called by the Name of Stratford, and borne the said Arms; and the said John Wingfield Stratford is now, under and by virtue of the Limitations contained in the fame Will, and by common Recoveries duly fulfered, seized in Fee Simple of Three undivided Tenth Parts or Shares of and in the fame Estates, and hath, ever since the Decease of the said Am Eliza Countess of Aldborough, been in Possession, and in the Receipt of the Rents, UTues, and Profits thereof: And whereas, on the Decease of the said Hannah Neill, the other undivided Tenth Part or Share of and in the lame Estates, defeended to, and devolved upon, the said Deborah Bailey, her other Daughter, who thereupon became entitled to the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, and to the Receipt of the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof: And whereas the said Deborah Bailey afterwards intermarried with Henry P ret //V E fq u i r e, w h o died on or^bout the Tenth Day of January in the Year One thousand seven hundred

3923

4-8* GEORGII III. Cap. 156.

clred and seventy; and the said Deborah P ret tie afterward* duly made and published her lad Will and Testament in-Writing, bearing Dire on or about the T-Aenrv-sixth Day of September, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sevenry-two; and thereby, after disposing of Part of her Eff'e&s in Manner therein mentioned, bequeathed all the Rest and Remainder of ait her Real and Persona! Fortune, not otherwise disposed of by her said Will, to her Son, John Bailey Esquire, to be given by him to his Son, Henry Bailey, or, in case he should die before, to any Child he thougut fit; and the said Testatrix appointed her Son, Henry Pretlie,^ Executor of her said Will, and afterwards died, on or about the Fifth Day of February, One thousand seven hundred and seventy-six, without revoking or altering1 her said Will, otherwise than by a Codicil giving several pecuniary Legacies, leaving the said John Bailey, her Heir tLaw, her surviving: And whereas, by Indentures of Le fe and Release, bearing Date respectively on or about the Fifth and Sixth Days of July, in the Year One thouufcid eight hundred anti two, the Rdeafe made be* tween the said Henry Bailey, of the First Part; the said John Bailey, of the Second Part; and James Blacker of the Third Parr; the said undivided Tenth Part or Share late of her the said, Deborah Prcttie, of and in the fame Estates, andfo bequeathed by her said Will as aforesaid, was duly conveyed and alfuied by the said Henry Bailey and John Bailey unto and to the Use of the said James Blacker, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, who is now in Possession, and in Receipt of the Rents, limes, and Profits thereof: And whereas the said Sarah Meredith, the (Fourth Sifter of the said Jeffery Paul), on the Death of the said Joshua Paul, entered upon and took Possession of the said One undivided Fifth Part or Share of and in the said Estates so deviled to her by the said Will of the said Jeffery Paul, and continued in Possession, and in the Receipt of the Rents, Iifues, and Profits thereof until the Time of her Decease: And whereas the said Sarah Meredith intermarried, in the Life-time of the Testator, Jeffery Paul, with Richard Meredith Esquire, who died on or about the Second Day of May, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and sixty-three; and the said "Sarah Meredith, after his Decease, duly made and published her last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date on or about the Fourteenth Day of Septetnber One thousand seven hundred and six*y-five; and after giving certain Legacies, gave and bequeathed all the Rest and Residue of her Estate, Effects, and Foitune, ot what Nature or Kind so-ever, unto her Son, Joshua Meredith, and appointed the said Joshua Meredith Executor of her said Will; and the said Testatrix afterwards died, on or about the Third Day of April in the Year One thousand seven hundred and seventy, without revoking or altering her said Will, otherwise than by several Codicils, which only affected her Personal Estate, leaving the said Joshua Meredith, her only Son and I Jeir at Law, her surviving: And whereas the said Joshua'Mereditht on the Decease of his Mother, the said Sarah Meredith, entered upon and took Possession of the said One undivided Fifth Part or Share of and in the fame Estates where, of he became so seized as aforesaid, and continued in Possession, and in the Receipt of the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, till the Time of his Decease: And whereas the said Joshua Meredith having intermarried with Susannah Meredith, duly made and published his last Will and Testament Writing, bearing Date on or about the Twenty-fifth Day of Au*vjl in 10 the

'm

a*

n&aj at he id Re

lid of |o to

ild ho

<Xx.

:F*h

Krda, Caditil 5 Her Wait, tfjW, adobe*

% aid un* ofitui

J »MD it net, «1 Pro-xfcoi ai upon toiiid

Jfirj

;iiks, the said )#7 xccod three i biished iu! the

j*S«i ,:Riod jnd to* 'll ddf' idled, ieven iithef* ifcte, 3 lot* i Moot tht

tbi®

;td*

of hit «ith linen1

4S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

the Year One thousand seven hundred and i'evemy; and thereby gave to his Coufuv Francis Annejley Hughes Esquire, and to his Friend Henry Beiagh Gentleman, and their Heirs, all his Estates, Leases for Lives, Freeholds, and Chattels real, in the Counties of Carlow, Kildare, King’s County, and County of the City of Dublin, or elsewhere, and all other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whereof he was, or at the Time of his Death should be, seized, of any Eftare of Freehold, in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, in Trull, and to the Uses, Intents, and Purposes therein-after mentioned, (that is to say); to the Use of his Wife for her Life, if (lie should so long continue- a Widow j and from and after her Death or Marriage, which should first happen, to the Use of his Son, Joshua Paul Meredith, for his natural Life, without Impeachment of Waste; Remainder to his said Trustees, in Trust, to preserve contingent Remainders during the Life of the said Joshua Paul Meredith; Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Joshua Paul Me-redish,2LT\d their Heirs in Tail-male in SuccefTion*.according to Seniority; and for Default of such IiTue, to the Use of the Daughters of the said Joshua Paul Meredith, as Tenants in Common, and their Heirs; and for Want of such Blue, to the said TestatoPs Daughters, Sarah, Isabella, and Margaret, in Three equal Shares to be divided, for their respective Lives; with Remainder to the Use of the said Trustees, and their Heirs, to preserve contingent Remainders during the Life of such Daughters, severally and respectively, yet to permit his said Daughters to take the Profits of their respective Shares during their respective Lives; and from and after their respective Deaths, the Share of the Daughter so dying, to the Use and Behoof of their respective First and other Sons, and their Heirs in Tail-male; and for Default of such issue, to the Issue Female, as Tenants in Common, and to their Heirs; and for Default of such Blue of any of them, the Share of such Daughter to be to the Use of such other of the said Daughters, or their Issue, as shall be entitled to the Share appoin:ed for such other Daughter, and for such Estates as aforesaid; and for Default of such Blue of all his said Daughters, to the Use of the said Testator’s Sifter Dame Margaret Burton, and her Heirs, or such Person ns should at the Time of the said Testator’s Decease, be her right Heir: And the said Testator, by a Codicil to his said Will, duly executed and attested, bearing Date the Eighteenth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, after taking Notice that his said Daughter Margaret had married Stephen Rice Esquire, against his Consent, declared that his Will was, that if his Real or Freehold Estates, 6r any Part thereof, should, by virtue of the Remainders limited by his said Will, come to his said Daughter Margaret during the Life of her present Hulhand, that the fame should be and remain to her foie and separare Use, wherein her said Husband should have no Use, Estate, or Benefit, or Power to demise or dispose; and that her Receipts alone, and none other, fhoyld be sufficient Discharges for the Rents, Blues, and Profits of the fame during the joint Lives of her and her said Husband: And the said Testator afterwards died, on or about the First Day of February, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, without revoking or altering his said Will and Codicil, otherwise than by a further Codicil, thereby revoking an Annuity and Legacy thereby given: And whereas Susannah Meredith, the Widow of the said Testator Jofbua Meredith, died on or about the Fifteenth Day of November, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and [Loc. & Per-} 32 T ninety-

2925

2^:6

48' GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

minety*nine, having been in Receipt of the Rents, Issues, and Profits of the said Estate so devised by his said Will as aforesaid, to the lime of her Decease; and upon her Death, the said Joshua Paul Meredith became seized of an Estate for Life, of and in the said undivided Fifth Part of the said Estate so devised by the Will of the said Joshua Meredith: And whereas the said Joshua Paul Meredith hath I (file Two Children now living ('videlicet), Joshua Paid Meredith, and Susannah, both now Infants, under the Age of Twenty-one Years.} and which said Susannah hath lately intermarried with, and is now the Wife of Charles Burton Esquire, who is of full Age: And whereas the said Sarah Meredith, One of the Three Daughters of the said Testator JoJJnia Meredith, is How living, and intermarried with Charles Dowling Medhcott. and has Issue one Son, James Dowling Mcdlicott, of full Age: And whereas the said Jfabella Meredith, One other of the Three D ughters of the said Testator Jofoua Meredithy intermarried with Joseph Wright Esquire, and died several Years ago, without having ever had any Issue: And whereas the said Margaret Meredithy One other of the Three Daughters of the said Testator Joshua Meredith, intermarried with Stephen Rice Esquire, and hath Issue by him, now living. One Son, Jofloua Rice Esquire, of full Age; and the said Stephen Pace having died several Years ago, the said Margaret intermarried with Robert Power Esquire, since deceased, and by whom (lie had no Issue: And whereas by Articles of Agreement bearing Date the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and five, and made between the said John 111ngfield Stratford, of the First Part; the said James Blacker, of the Second Part: the said Mary Doyne of the Third Part; the said Jofoua Paul Meredith the elder, of the fourth Part; and tire said Stephen Edward Rice, and Catherine Rice, his Wife, of the Fifth Part: Reciting, that great Inconveniencies existed from the said Effaces (all which said Estates are set forth in the Second Schedule to this Act annexed) being holden in common among so many different Proprietors, and that it would conduce much to the Improvement of the said Estates, and be greatly for the Benefit of all Parties interested therein, if a just and equal Partition were had thereof, according to thrir several Rights and Interests: And reciting, that all Parties were desirous to have an equal Partition made of the said Estates, according to their respective Estates and Inteiefts therein; and for that Purpose had, at their joint Expence, according to their respective Estates and interests therein, employed Arthur Nevill Esquire, Land Surveyor, to view, examine, and value the Whole of the said Eftatrs, nnd to survey such Parts thereof as were let, on determinable Leases, so as to form a just ana accurate Scheme and Valuation thereof, according to the Quantity, Quality, and Value; and accordingly that he the said Arthur Nevill had made a Survey of all such Pans of the said Estates as were then held upon determinable Leases, and had made an Estimate of the Value of such particular Denomination, deducing the 'Value of the subsisting Tenures therein, as also all such Parts of the said Estates as were held by Tenancies from Year to Year, and of all such Parts of the said Estates as were then held at Perpetual Rents, created under Detnifes therein-before executed by the said Jeffery Paul; and having so surveyed and estimated the said Estates, had, at the Instance of the Parties, and for their general Accommodation divided the lame into Five different Lots or JJivisions, distinguishing the Xmie by different Numbers to each Denomination or Lot, the Number of

Acres

4§ft GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

Acres contained in each Denomination, and the estimated Value thereof'by the Acre, making due Allowances for the Value of the existing Lease thereof; a Scheme of which Valuation and Allotment, as made by the said Arthur Nmill, had been inspected and approved by all the said Parties, and a Copy thereof was thereunto annexed, signed by all Parties; and it was thereby covenanted and agreed by and between all the said Parties, that Five several Lots or Numbers, correspondirg with the Numbers in the said Scheme or Allotment, should be, within the Space of Three Months, written on Scrips or Scrolls of Paper or Parchment, and that One of the said Numbers or Lots should be drawn out by the said John Wingfield Stratford; One other at the said Lots or Numbers should be drawn out by the said John tying fold Stratford and James Blacker, or one of them, for hinlfelf and the oth r of them; One other of the said Numbers by the said Mary Doyne One other of the said Numbers by the said Stephen Edward Rice and Catherine his Wife; and One other of the said Numbers by the Lid Jfcfuua Paul Meredith the elder on Behalf of himself and his Son the said Jf.ua Paul Meredith the younger; and that the said Denominations of the said Lands comprised in the Scheme, Valuation, and Allotment thereunto annexed, and which are set forth in the First Schedule to this Act annexed, and corresponding with the said Numbers or Lots so to be drawn as aforesaid., should be deemed, accepted, and taken as the Part or Share of the Person or Persons so drawing the fame, to be he'd in Severalty, and to be conveyed in due Form of Law, according to their respective Effaces and Interests therein; and as to the Number to be drawn, by the said John Wingfield Stratford and James Blacker, as aforesaid, it was thereby covenanted and agreed, in order to Pave Trouble and Expence $o the Parties, by making unnecessary Sub-denominations of all the said Estates into Ten Parts, that the said Number should be accepted and taken by them in full Satisfaction, and in lieu of the Two Tenth Parts of the said Estates to which they are entitled under the said Hannah Neill, in Manner afore laid; and it was thereby covenanted and agreed, that regular Deeds of Conveyance, and all necessary Assurances in the Law, whether by Fine, Recovery, or othertvife, such as Counsel should advise necessary for effectuating and conrp’eting the said Partition so to be made, as far as the Parties could effectuate the lame, should be prepared and executed with all due Dispatch; and that such Deeds and Assurances should contain the several necessary Covenants and Conveyances for completing the fame, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof; and that the said divided Shares of all the said Parties so to be conveyed and assured as aforesaid, should remain to the fame Uffs, Trusts, and Incumbrances to which the undivided Shares were subject, and none other, and should be conveyed accordingly: And reciting, that the said Estates were subject to certain ChLf and Crown Rents, and which had been ascertained by the said Scheme and Allotment thereunto annexed, at Thirty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings for each Fifth Part of said Estates: It was thereby covenanted and agreed upon and by all the said Parties, that each of them would, at all Times thereafter, pay their respective Shares of the said Chief and Crown Rents, according to their Proportions aforesaid, and that due Provisoes in that Behalf should be made in the Deeds of Partition to be executed by the said Parties., in pursuance thereof: And reciting, that on Account of the Minority of the said Joshua Paul Meredith the younger, no effectual Partition of the said Lands could be made without a Special Act of Parliament for that Purpose:

4-8‘ GEORGII III. dl/. 150.

It was/herefore, thereby covenanted, con eluded, and agreed on, that, as early as could be in the then next Session of Padiament, an Application should be made to the Parliament of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, for an Act of Parliament to confirm and effectuate the said Partition so thereby agreed on, notwithstanding the Minority of the said Joshua Paul Meredith the younger; and that the d:vided Fifth Share of the said Joshua Paul Meredith, and Joshua Paul Meredith, his Son, after such Partition, might be settled to the same Uses as their undivided Fifth Share of the said Estates were at present subject to; and it was thereby covenanted, concluded, and agreed upon by all the Parties to these Pre-fenis. that the whole Expences of the said Partition, including as well the Expence of the said Survey and Valuation so made by the said Arthur Nevill as aforesaid, as also of the said Agreement, and all other Deeds and Assurances for carrying the fame into complere Efteft, and also the Expences of procuring the said Act of Parliament, should be borne by all the said Parties, rateably according to their feve al Shares of the said Estate; and that Sir John White, their Agent and Receiver of the Rents of the said Estates, should be at Liberty, and was thereby authorized, to appropriate a Sum of Money out of the Rents of the said Estates, not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, for the Purpose aforesaid, in the following Proportions (that is to say), the Sum of One hundred Pounds to the said Arthur Nevill, for all Expences of his aforesaid Survey, Scheme, Valuation, and Allotment; and the Sum of Five hundred Pounds to the Solicitor of all the said Parties, for all the other Expences of the said Partition, including the Expence of soliciting and procuring the said Act of Parliament: Provided always, that nothing therein contained should be conifrued to communicate to any of the Tenants in Possession of the said Estates, any other or further Interest in their respective Tenures than they are at present entitled unto: And whereas the said several Lots were impartially, and to the entire Satisfaction of all the said Parties to the said Articles of Agreement of the First Day of November One thousand eight hundred and five, drawn by them in the M nner and Form mentioned and prescribed in and by such Articles; and upon such drawing, the Lot marked in the Fir It Schedule to this Act,' Lot III. was drawn by the said John Wingfield Stratford, as his separate Lot, Share or Division of the f.iid Estates, and was accepted by him in lieu and full Satbfaction of his said undivided Fifth Part or Share, to which he was entitled in Right of the said Rebecca Minchin, deceased, as aforesaid, to be thenceforth holden determined by him in Severalty, subject to the Yearly Rent of Thirty-six Pounds SixShilingsand Eleven-penceThree Farthings for Chief and Crown Rents, being One Fifth Part of the Chief and Crown Rents payable out of the Whole Inflates , and the Lot marked in the said First Schedule to this Act, Lot II. was drawn by the said John Wingfield Stratford and the said James Blacker, as their f parate Lot, Share, or Division of the said Estates, and was accepted by them in lieu and full Satisfaction of the One Fifth, or Two undivided Tenth Parts or Shares thereof, to which the said John Wingfield Stratford and James Blacker were respectively entitled in Right of the said Hannah Neill, deceased, as aforesaid, to be thenceforth holden by them in Severalty from the other Shares of the fame Estates, subject in like Manner to the Yearly Sum of Thirty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence ThreeFarthings, for their Proportion of the Chief and Crown Rents payable our of the Whole of the fame Estates; and the Lot marked in the said First Schedule to this Act, Lot V. was

drawn

2929

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. iso.

drawn by the said Mary Boyne, as her separate Lot, Share, or Division of the fame Estates, and was accepted by her in lieu and full Satisfaction of her One undivided Fifth Part or Share thereof, to be thenceforth holden by her in Severalty, subject in like Manner to the Yearly Sum of Thirty-six Poonds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings for her Proportion of the Chief and Crown Rents payable out of the whole Estates; and the Lot marked in the said First Schedule to this Act, Lot I. was drawn by the said Stephen Edward Rice, on Behalf of himself and the said Catherine his Wife, as their respective separate Lot, Share, or Division of the said Estates, and was accepted by them in lieu and full Sati-faction of their One undivided Fifth Part or Share thereof, to be thenceforth held by them in Severalty, subject also to the Yearly Sum of Thirty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings,payable thereout, as their Proportion of the Chief and Crown Rents payable out of the whole Estates as aforesaid; and the Lot marked in the said First Schedule to this Act, Lot IV. was drawn by the said Joshua Paul Meredith the elder, on Behalf of himself and the said Joshua Paul Meredith the younger, his Son, as their separate Lot, Share, or Division of the said Estates, ant! was accepted by them in lieu and full Satisfaction of their One undivided Fifth Part or Share thereof, to be thenceforth held by them in Severalty, subject also to the like Yearly Sum of Thirty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings, payable thereout, as their Proportion of the Chief and Crown Rents, being One Fifth Part of the Chief and Crown Rents payable out of the fame Estates as aforesaid: And whereas the several Allotments and Divisions made by the said Arthur Ntvill 'and where* of Lots were so drawn as aforesaid) are to the entire Satisfaction of all the said Parties to the said Articles dated the First Day of Nove?nber One thousand eight hundred and five; and are respectively contented to abide thereby: And whereas it will be of great Benefit and Advantage to the several Parties interested in the Premises, that the said Partitions and Divisions should be established and confirmed, but by Reason of the Infancy of the said Joshua Paul Meredish the Son, the lame cannot be eft'efted without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore Your Tvla-jesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said John Wingfield Stratford,

Janies Blacker, Mary Boyne, Stephen Edward Rice, and Catherine his Wife,

Joshua Paul Meredith the elder, on Behalf of himself and the said Joshua Paul Meredith the younger, his Inlant Son, Charles Burton junior, on Behalf of himself and the said Susannah Burton his Wife, Sarah Medlicott,

James Dowling Medlicott, Margaret Power, and Joshua Rice, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted, by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con-lent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Ar- Article* of tides of Agreement, bearing Date the First Day of November One thou- A-e-m n't sand eight hundred and five, and all and every the Agreements, Clauses, C0X;flrmed* Matters, and Things therein and thereby entered into, agreed upon, and contained, shall be, and the same are hereby ratified and confirmed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Confirming several Partitions, Divisions, and Allotments of the said several Towns, tl,e A" ,l* Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so devised by the said Jeffery Paul SdwUn thT as aforesaid, and which are now valued at an annual Rent of Three thou- First Schsduls-sand fivft hundred Pounds Four Shillings and Feux-pence Halfoer.ny, and [Lie. & Per.'] 32 £/ " as

*93<»

48° GEORGII III. Cap. f$o.

as the fame now appear to be divided, parted, and separated, in and bjt ihe i:\id; ..ft Schedule to this Act hereunto annexed, shall be, and the fame aie hereby ratified and confirmed, and shall be good, valid, and ef* feclu.«i in the Law to all Intents and Purposes.

Ailotrnent^0? ;ii. &nd be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all those dr U1 "l ow s. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, ana being L*'1 1. °; th: in the Coun y of Carlow, in Ireland, called Bough Division, and now in lr Schedule. j emire or Occupation of the Kepresentatives of Paul Minchin, deceased, his Under Tenants or Assigns, and containing by EstimationTwo hundred and Forty-nineAcres One Rood and Thirty one Perches, or thereabout^; and all that Part of Rathvilly annexed to and included in the said Division, held by William Ratvfon, containing Fourteen Acres and Twenty-nine Perches in the said County of Carlow; and also all that Part of Rathvilly held by the Representatives of the said Paul Minchin, containing Seventeen Acres Two Roods and Five Perches, being the Towns, Lands, and Hereditaments specified and described in the said Lot marked I. of the said First Schedule to this Act annexed; and all and singular Houses, Ourihouses, Edifices, Buildings, Barns, Stables, Yards, Wastes, Commons, Trees, Furzes, Woods, Underwoods. Ways, Waters, Watercourses. Liberties, Privileges, Easements, Profits, Commodities, Emoluments, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments belonging, or in anywise appertaining; and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Yearly and other Rents, Issues, and Profits, of all and singular the fame Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall from and after the passing of this Act, be settled, limited, and allured, and shall go and remain to the Uses, upon and for the Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations to, for, upon, with, under, and subject to which the said One undivided Fifth Part or Share in which the said Stephen Edward Rice, and Catherine his Wife, became interested in and entitled to in Right of the said Hannah Spring, deceased, as aforesaid, of and in the said Estates and Hereditaments devised by the said Will of the said Jeffery Paul, deceased, did (land limited and settled at or immediately before the passing of this Act, subject only, nevertheless, to the Payment of the Yearly Sum of Thirty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings, as their Proportion of the Chief Rents and Crown Rents payable out of the Whole of the said Estates.

Allotment «of

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all those def-rlbed'm Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being in Lot 11. oi the the County of Carlow, in Ireland, and now in the Tenure or Occupation of Fir .'i Schedule, the Representatives pi William Lindon. his UnderTenants or Assigns, and containing by Estimation Four several Parcels of One hundred and ninety-one AcresTwo Roods and Twelve Perches, and Seventy Acres and Nine Perches, and One Acre and Thirty-six Perches, and Two Acres One Rood and Seven Perches, making in the WholeTwo hundred and sixty-five Acres and Twenty-four Perches, or thereabouts; and being the Towns, Lands, and Hereditaments specified and described in the said Lot marked II. of the said First Schedule to this Act annexed; and all and singular, Houses, Out-houses. Edifices, Buildings, Barns, Stables, Yards, Wastes, Commons, Trees, Furzes, Woods, Underwoods, Ways, Waters, Watercourses, Liberties, Privileges, Easements, Profits, Commodities, Emoluments., Hereditaments,

48° GEORGII III. Cifii$o. 2931'

taments, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments belonging, or in anywise appertaining; and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Yearly and other Rents, Hues, and Profits, of all and Angular the fame Towns*

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be settled, limited, and allured, and shall go and rema n to the Uses, upon the Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations to for, upon, with, under, and subject to which, the said One undivided Fifrh, or the Two undivided Tenth Parts, or Shares of them, t he laid John Win*field Stratford and James Blacker, of and in the said EHates and Hereditaments devised by the said Will of the said Jeffery Paul, deceased, did Hand limited and settled, at, or immediately before the passing of this Act; subject nevertheless to the Payment of the Yearly Sum of Thirty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings, as their Proportion of the Chief Rents and Crown Rents payable out of the Whole of the said Estates.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all those Allotment of Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being fc^d^Lot in the County of Carlow, in Ireland, and now in the Tenuie or Occu- in of the pation of William Rawfion Esquire, his Under Tenants or Assigns, and con- ft Schedule* taining by Estimadon One hundred and eleven Acres One Rood and Four Peaches, or thereabouts; and all that Parc of Coolf, containing One hundred and seventy-eight Acres Three Roods and Fourteen Perches,’ now in the Possession of Newton, under a Lease for ever; and all that Part of

Knockevagh held by the said Wiliam Rawfion, containing Sixty-seven Acres One Rood and Twenty-five Perches; and also all that other Part of Knockevagh held by the said William Rawfion, and others, Tenants at Will, containing One hundred and seventy-nine Acres One Rood and Seventeen Perches, being the Towns, Lands, and Hereditaments specified and described in the said Lot marked III. of the said First Schedule to this Act annexed; and all and Angular Houses, Outhouses, Edifices, Buildings, Barns,

Stables, Yards, Waites, Commons, 'frees, Furzes, Woods, Underwoods,

Ways, Waters, Watercourses, Liberties, Privileges, Ealeinents, Profits, Commodities, Emoluments, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments belonging, or in any wise appertaining; and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Yearly and other Rents, Hues, and Profits, of all and Angular the fame Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be settled, limited, and assured, and shall go and remain to the Uses, upon and for the Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provi-foes, and Declarations, ro, for, upon, with, under, and subject to which, the said One undivided Fifth Part of the Share of the said John Wingfield Stratford, of and in the said Estates and Hereditaments deviled by the said Will of the said Jeffery Paul, deceased, did Hand Unfitted and settled ac, or immediately before the passing of this Act; subject only, nevertheless, to the Payment of the Yearly Sum of Thirty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings, as his Proportion of the Chief Rents and Crown Rents payable out of the Whole of the said Estates.

VI. And be fit further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all those Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and fciibcdin Lot

*93*

48° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 150.

being In the County of Carlow, in Ireland, now in the Tenure or Occupation of William Rawson, and others, and his Under Tenants or Assigns, and containing by Estimation One hundred and twenty Acres Two Roods and Twenty-nine Perches, or thereabouts; and also that Part of Knecklijhine-77wr<?,containingTwohundred and eighty-eight Acres OneRood and Sixteen Perches, lately out of Lease by the Death of 'Thomas Tench Esquire, but now in the Tenure or Occupation of Ann Lucas, being the Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments specified and described in the said Lot markedIV. of the said First Schedule to this Act annexed; and all a d Angular Houses, Outhouses, Edifices, Buildings, Barns, Stables, Cottages, Yards, Wastes, Commons, Furzes, Trees, Woods, Underwoods, Ways, Waters, Watercourses, Liberties, Privileges, Easements, Profits, Commodities, Emoluments, Hereditaments, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments belonging or in any wise appertaining; and the Reversion and Reversions, Item under and Remainders, Yearly and other Rents, Issues and Profits, of a!! and Angular the fame Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be settled, limited, and allured, and shall go and remain to the several Uses, upon and for the several Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations to, for, upon, with, under, and subject to which, the said One undivided Fifth Part or Share of the said Testator, Joshua Meredith, of and in the said Estates and Hereditaments so devised by the said Will of the said Jeffery Paul, deceased, as aforesaid, did stand limited and settled at, or immediately before, the passing of this Act; subject only nevertheless to the Payment of the Yearly Sum of Thirty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings for Chief Rents and Crown Rents, as their Proportion of the Chief and Crown Rents payable out of the Whole of the fame Estates.

Allotment of

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all scribed^Lot those Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments situate, lying, and v. of the Fixft being in the County of Carlow in Ireland, now in the Tenure or Occu-Schedule. p3tion of Thomas Moorehouse, and others, his Under Tenants or Assigns, containing by Estimation One hundred and three Acres One Rood and Eighteen Perches, and other Part thereof in the Occupation of John and William Freeman, containing Ninety-four Acres, and Fourteen Perches, or thereabouts; and also Barn Hill, containing One hundred and twenty-three Acres Two Roods and Ten Perches, or thereabouts, in the Possession of Ann Ryan, by Lease for ever-; and that Part Knockevagh, containing by Estimation Fifty-one Acres Three Roods and Thirty-seven Perches, or thereabouts-, in the Occupation of William Rawson, and also Bally colane, Bal-lyvas, and Hubberts-town, containing by Estimation One thousand one hundred and ten Acres, situate, lying, and being in the County of Kildare, held by Leases for ever, by Robert Fifjer, and the Representatives of William Vicars, being the Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments specified and described in the said Lot marked V. of the said First Schedule to this Act annexed; and all and singular Houses, Outhouses, Edifices, Buildings, Barns, Stables, Cottages, Yards, Wastes, Commons, Furzes, Trees, Woods, Underwoods, Ways, Waters, Watercourses, Liberties, Privileges, Easements, Profits, Commodities, Emoluments, Hereditaments and Appurtenances whatsoever to the said Towns, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments belonging, or in any wise appertaining; and the Reversion 2 ' and

48' GGEORGII III. Cap. 150.

and Reversions: Remainder and Remainders Yearly and other Rents, I (flies, and Profits, of all and singular the fame Towns, La ds, Tenemtiitr, and Hereditaments, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, he feb* tied, limited, and allured, and shall go and remain to the fereral Uses, upon and for the several Ends, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the fever -.1 Powers, Provisoes, Declarations, and/Wreement.', in and by the said Will of the said Telia for Robert Doyne, defeated, expressed* declared, and contained, of and concerning his said One undivided Filth Part or Share of and in the said Mates and Hereditaments thereby devised, and which were so deviled by the said Will of the said Jffery Paul\ deceased, as aforesaid, or such and so many of them as Tha i be now subsisting undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; subject only nevertheless, to the Payment of the Yearly Sum of Thirty-six Pounds Six; Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings fi r Chi f Rents and Crown Rents, being One Fifth Part of the Chief Rents and Ciown Rents payable out of the Whole of the said Estates.

VIII. And whereas the Chief Rents and Crown Rents payable out of the Whole of the said Estates of the said Jeffery Paul, deceased, amount to the Yearly Sum of One hundred and eighty-one Pounds Fourteen Millings and Eleven-pence; and upon the said Partition it was agr ed, hat each Share or Division of the said Estates should be liable to pay One Fif.h Share or Proportion of the said Sum, videlicet,. Thirty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Earth Tigs each: Be it therefore enacted, That each of the fain Shares or Divisions shall be at all limes hereafter subject and liable tc p.^y the full Sum of Thirty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings, on Account of the Chief Rents and Crown Rents now payable out of the said Estates; and that if at any Time hereafter, any of the Proprietor or Proprietors of any of the said Shares so chargeable with the Payment of the said Sum of Thirty-six Pounds Six Shillings and Eleven-pence Three Farthings, shall refuse, cr neglect, or make Default in the Payment of his, her, or their just Proportion of the said Rents, according to the Proportion aforesaid, and bat any Proprietor or Proprietors of any other Division or Divisions all be resorted to, and shall pay more than his, her, or their just roportion of the said Rents, according to the Rate aforesaid, that then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for such Proprie:or 01 Proprietors so paying more than his, her, or their just Proportion of the Lid Rents as aforesaid, or any of them, to resort to the Share or Shares of the Proprietor or Proprietors so neglecting, refusing, or making Default n the Payment of their respective Shares of the said Rents, and to enter in or upon such Share or Shares, and there to dilbain for the Deficiency of such Rents due by such Defaulter or Defaulters, and the Distress and Distresses then and there found to take, lead, drive, carry away, and impound, and in pound to detain and keep, or other wise to sell and dispose of according to Law, until, or so that the Proprietor or Proprietors so paying more than his, her, or their just Proportion of the said Rents as aforesaid, shall be therecy or otherwise fully paid or satisfied for the Deficiency or Deficiencies due by such Defaulter or Defaulters; and all Costs, Charges, Damages, and E\pences attending the Non-payment of such Deficiency or Deficiencies, and the Person or Persons so making such Distress or Distresses, shall not be deemed aTrefpasser or Trespailers for any Irregularity in making the same.

[Loc.&Per.l 3: 3

IX. Whereas

*934 48° GEORGII III. Cap.t$d.

ta<udb>&f«A Whereas it may so happen, that the Title of the said Jeffery Paid

Eviction Ml to some Part of the Premises so deviled by him as aforesaid, may prove be made good, to be defective, and the Party or Parties drawing such Lot wherein such Part is comprised or contained, or interested therein, his, her or their Heirs, Executs, or Administrators, may hereafter, without any Default or Neglect on his, her, or their Part, or on the Part of the Person or Persons drawing such Lot wherein such Part is comprised or contained, be deprived of the Possession thereof, and his, her, or their Title thereto be e'-'ictai: Be it further enacted, That in any such Case, all the other Parties, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators respectively, shall contribute and pay an equal Share in Satisfaction for the Loss sustained by such Eviction, and of the Colts which may be incurred in defending the Title to the Part evicted, to the Person or Persons so evicted as aforesaid, according to the Valuation of the fame respectively contained in the Schedule hereunto annexed.

x. Provided always, That the Party or Parties so evicted as aforesaid, tt eir propor. his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, shall abate a Share or Proportion of lion of the the said Valuation, and of the Colts, equal to the Sum contributed by

Lc " such of the other Parties contributable to such Loss; it being the true In-

tent and Meaning of this Act, that each Share or Lot Ihuuld be as nearly equal as possible, and as the Nature of the Cafe and Circumstances of the Property will admit.

Court of C» a.fiery

ti.HJ'iS if

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if at any Time before the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months after the Expiration of this Act, and before any Conveyance shall be made of any of the said Lots so drawn as aforesaid, Application shall be made by the Guardian or Guardians for the Time being of the said Joshua Paul Meredith the Infant, by Petition or Petitions in a summary Way, to His Majesty's High Court ot Chancery in Ireland, praying that it may be referred to one of the Mailers of the said Court, to inquire and certify whether the said Allotments so drawn for and on the Behalf of the said Joshua Paul Meredith the Infant, is or are unequal to, or less beneficial than the others, or some of the said Allotments; and if it shall appear to the the said High Court of Chancery in Ireland, upon the said Mailer’s Report, that the said Allotment is of less Value, or is less beneficial than the other Allotments, or any of them, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to direct such Sum and Sums of Money to be raised for Equality of Partition, by Sale or Mortgage of a competent Part of the Allotment or Allotments from which the fame ought, in the Opinion of the Court, to be raised, and to be applied according to the Rights of the Parties, under the Direct ion of the Court, and for the Purposes aforesaid, to make such Orders and Directions in all Respects as the said Court shall think necessary, proper, or expedient; and in case there shall be a Surplus of the Money to arise by Sale of any of the Lands hereby directed to be sold, after answering the other Purposes herein-before directed, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order any Part of such Surplus Money to be applied for I quality of Partition as aforesaid, instead of directing any Money to be raised by Sale or Mortgage as aforesaid, so far as such Money will extend.

j*pences of

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Ex-ibu Act. peaces preparatory to, and in obtaining and passing this Act, shall exceed £ the

48° GEORGII III. Cap. xso.

Vhe Sum of Five hundred Pounds herein-before mentioned, then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court of Chancery from Time to Time, if to the said Court it shall seem meet, to make an Order for taxing or settling all further Coils, Charges, and Expences, which shall have been incurred preparatory to, and in applying for and obtaining and passing this Act, or otherwise in carrying the Trusts and Purposes of this Act into Execution.

XIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successor?, and to the Person or Persons for the Time being, in re-spefl of the Chief and Crown Rents due and to be claimed for, from, or out of the said Hereditaments herein-before mentioned, or any of them; and to the said Charles Dowling Medlicott, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (other than and except the said y»hn Wingfield, Stratford, James Blacker, Mary Dcync, Stephen Edward Rice, and Catherine his Wife, and joshua Paul Meredith the elder, and Joshua Paul Meredith the younger, and Charles Burton junior, and Sufart-nab his Wife, and the respective Issue of the fa\&JoJhui Paul Meredith the younger, and Sufarnab Burton, Sarah Medlicott, James Dowling Medlicott, Margaret Power, and joshua Rice Esquire, and all and every other Person and Persons claiming through or under them, or any of them, under or by virtue of any of the Limitations, Devises, Bequi-fts, or Clauses contained or expressed in the said several herein-before in Part recited Wills and Codicil of the Eighteenth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and seventy-two, Indentures and Assurances, or any of them), all such Right, Title, Interest, Benefr, Profit, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the said EUates devised by the said Will of the said Jeffery Paul deceased, or any of them, or any Part thereof, as they or any of them had before ihe passing of this Act, or could or might have had and enjoyed, in case this A:t had never been made.

X!V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s moil: Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

2936

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

FIRST SCHEDULE.

LOTI.

Schedule of Estates to be allotted to Stephen Edward Rice Esquire, and Catherine his Wife,

in respect of his original Fifth Part or Share.

Tenements. Tenant’s Names. Number of Acres. Yearly Rent in Value. Endurande cf Lease or lenancy.

Bough Division - Part of Rathvilly Part or ditto - Representatives of Paul Minchin William Rawson Representatives of Minchin 149 1 31 i4 0 19 17 5 £'. s. d. 611 0 8 42 10 IO 46 9 I nut of Lease. Ditto. Ditto.

One Fifth of Chief and Crown Rent 281 0 25 of the Whole 700 O 7j 36 6 iiv 663 13 ii*

A. R. NEVILL, Land Surveyor.

LOT II.

Schedule of Estates to be allotted to the Honourable John Wingfield Stratford, and James Blacker Esquire, in respect of their original Fifth Part or Share.

Tenements. Tenant’s Names, Number of Yea ly Rent in Value. or Tenancy.

Rathvilly Pai t of ditto - - Ditto, Fair-green - - - Ditto, West of Street to Bridge- > garden - J Representatives of William Lindon Ditto Ditto - - Ditto - 191 2 12 70 0 9 1 9 36 s 1 7 £. 1. d. SS° is 6 140 3 5 6 6 17 7 Out of Lease. Ditto. Ditto. Ditto.

One Fifth of Chief and Crown Rent 265 0 24 f the Whole "36 6 114

£ 663 13 10k

A. R. NEVILL, Land Surveyor.

LOT III.

Schedule of Estates allotted to the Honourable John Wingfield Stratford, in respect of his original Fifth Part or Share.

Tenements. Tenant’s Names. Number of Ac its. Yearly Rent ill Value. Endurance cf Lease

Patrick’s Well Division Code Knocjcevagh Part »f ditto William Rawson - Newton William Rawson William Rawson and ethers - 178 3 14 67 1 *5 179 1 17 £. s. d 245 19 J2 43 10 0 141 11 0 Out of Lease. Le.-.le for ever. Out of Lease.

One Fifth of Chief and Crown Rent 536 3 20 700 1 o' f the Whole - 3C 6 i'i £ 663 14 G*

A, R. NEVILL, Land Surveyor.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 150.

2937

LOT IV.

Schedule of Estates to be allotted to Joshua Paul Meredith Esquire, in l-dpeS: of his original Fifth Part or Share.

Tenements. Tenant’s Names. Number of Yearly Kent in Value. Endurance of Lease or J enancy.

Knockevagh - - Knocklifliinemore * Wili am Rawson and TJnderTenants Ann Lucas - - _ 1 aS3 1 16 I- s d. 181 0 5 519 0 7 Out of Leafg. Ditto.

409 0 5 700 I 0

One Fifth of Chief and Crown Rent of the Whole - 36 6 uk

£ 663 14. O:

A. R. NEVILL, Land Surveyor.

LOT V.

Schedule of Estates to be allotted to Mrs. Mary Doyne, in respect of her original Fifth Part or Share.

Number of Yearly Rent Acres. in Value.

Endurance of Lease >r Tenancy.

Barnhill Division Ditto Barnhill

Part of Knockevagh Ballycolane, Ballyvas, and Hub-' berftown, in the County of Kildare, set for ever, by Estimatior mo Acres, at 360I. per Annum with tool- renewal Fine

|Thomas Moorehouse

- Ijchn and William Freeman

- Ann Ryan William Rawson

Out of Lease. Ditto.

Lease for ever Out of Lease.

One-fifth of Chief and Crown Rent of the whole

A. R. NEVILL^ Land Surveyor*

[!«. & Per]

3 *r

SECOND

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 150,

2938

SECOND SCHEDULE.

Schedule of the whole of the Property of the Lands and Hereditaments formerly the Estate of Jeffery Paul Esquire, deceased.

: Endurance of Lease >r Tenancy.

Bough Division Part of Rathvilly Part ditto Rathvilly Part of ditto Ditto, Fair-green Ditto, West of Street to Bridge-Garden Patrick's Well Division Code

Knockevagh . Part jpf ditto Knockevagh

Barnhilf

Part of Knockevagh Ballycolane, 1-aliyvas,

Reprefertatives of Paul Minchin William Rawson Repretcntatives of Minchin Representatives of Will. Lindon Ditto

Ditto -

Ditto - v

- William Rawson

William Rawson

- William Rawson and others

William Rawson

Ann Lucas

- Thomas Moorhouse

John and William Freeman

Ann Ryan -

William Rawson

\ Out of Lease,

> Ditto.

1 Ditto, i Ditto.

! Ditto.

I Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

> Lease for ever. Out of Lease.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Lease for ever. Out of Lease.

Deduct Chief Rent -

A. R. NEVILL, Land Surveyor*

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

i*jW.

; loft farm, jiOiitoflfli r'Ditto.

Ditta Ditto.

flak form Out of Lt&

Lofefere®

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS

W

Cap. I51.

An Act for vesting Part of the Estates of Paulin Huggett, an Inlant, in Trullees to be sold, and for applying the Money arising therefrom in Part Discharge of certain Incumbrances charged thereon.

[30th "June 1808.]

"V 7 HI, REAS Jab: Huggett the Elder, late of the Parish of Saint will of John

\/%/ Peter the Apostle, in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent, Huggett.ioth w v deceased, being seised of or entitled unto Forty-six Fifty- Dec* J78r* fourth Parts or Shares which, considering the Entirety as Three thousand one hundred and fifty Pounds, is equal to Two thousand six hundred and eighty-three Pounds six shillings and eight-pence, of and in a Piece or Parcel of Ground whereon the North Foreland Lighthouse standeth, containing Three Acres or thereabouts, situate in the Parish of Saint Peter the Apostle, in the Isle of Phanet, in the Counry of Kent, and of and in the said Lighthouse 2nd other Erections and Buildings thereon, and which Piece or Parcel of Ground, Lighthouse, Erections, and Buildings are more particularly described in the First Schedule to this Act, subject to an Annuity or Yearly Rent Charge of Twelve Pounds, payable to Sarah Huggett,

Widow, for her Life charged on some Parts or Shares of the said Premil’es by the Will of Robert Huggett, late of the said Parish of Saint Peter the Apostle, deceased, did by his last Will and Testament, bearing Date the Eighteenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and eighty-one,

[Aw, & Per.] 33 A and

2946

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 157.

and duly executed as by Law is required for rendering valid Devises of Real Estates, give and devise One full and equal Moiety of his Parts and Shares equal to One thousand three hundred and forty-one Pounds thirteen shillings and four-pence in the said Hereditaments to his Nephew 'Thomas Huggetty his Heirs and Assigns for ever, and the other Moiety or Half Part thereof unto and to the Use of his Executors thereinafter named, their Heirs and Assigns, upon Trull that they, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor, should, as soon as conveniently might be after his the said Testator’s Decease, either by Sale or Mortgage of the fame Moiety, raise such Sum or Sums of Money as should be sufficient to pay off and discharge all such Debts as his late Nephew John Huggett deceased owed at his Decease, and as should be unpaid at the Decease of the Testator: and in case of such Sale upon Trust, that his said Trustees should Hand possessed of the Overplus of the Monies to arise by stich Sale, (if any) after Payment of the said Debts, in Trust for all the Children of his said Nephew John Huggett deceased, equally to be divided between them, if The Death more than one; and the said Testator appointed his said Nephew Thomas of the said Huggett (since deceased) and John Fagg, Gentleman, Executors of his ^ett" and2" Will: And whereas the said John Huggett the Elder, departed this Life Probate of on or about the Seventh Day of March in the Year of our Lord One thou-his Will sand seven hundred and eighty-three, without having revoked or altered his granted to said \vill; and upon his Decease the said Thomas Huggett and John Fagg tors Thomas accepted the Executorship thereof, and duly proved the lame in the Pre-Huggettand rogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury: And whereas John Fagg. the said Thomas Huggett, the Nephew deceased, being feiled of

Will of Tho- or entitled in Fee Simple under the said recited Will of the said

masHuggett, john Huggett the Elder, and otherwise, unto Twenty-seven Fifty-fourth a1st August parts or shares undivided, equal to One thousand five hundred and

3’ seventy-five Pounds of and in the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, and the Jjghthouse and other Erections and Buildings (landing thereon, (subject, as to some Parts or Shares thereof, to the said Annuity of Twelve Pounds,) in and by his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the Twenty-first Day of August One thousand seven hundred and eighty-three, and executed and atiefted in such Manner as is by Law required for rendering valid Devises of real Estates, gave and devised all and every his Parts and Shares of and in the said Hereditaments, with the Appurtenances, unto his Wife Mary Huggett and her Assigns for her Life, with Remainder to Thomas Brown of Broadftairs in the said Parish of Saint Peter the Apostle, Mariner, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Five hundred Years, without Impeachment of Waste, upon the Trusts therein and hereinafter mentioned, and subject thereto, and to the Trusts thereof, to his Son Paulin Huggett and his Assigns for his Life, with Remainder to John Underdown and his Heirs during the Life of the said Paulin Huggett, upon Trust to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to all and every the Child and Children of his said Son Paulin Huggett, lawfully to be begotten, and to the Heirs of the Body or Bodies of such Child or Children lawfully issuing, equally to be divided between such Children, (if more than One,) to hold as Tenants in common, with Cross Remainders in Tail between them, with Remainder to all and every other the said Testator’s Sons or Son in Tail general as Tenants in common, with Cross Remainders in Tail between them, with Remainder to the said Testator’s right Heirs for ever; and the

2947

48° GEORGII Ilf. Cap. 151.

the said Testator declared, that the fai l Term of Five hundred Years was so devised to the said Thomas Brown upon Trust, as form as conveniently might be after his the said Testator’s Wife’s Death, by Assignuent or Mortgage of the said Term, and the Premises therein comprised, to raise Five hundred Pounds for his Son Thomas Huggett, and Four hundred Pounds a-piece for every one of his other Children who should be living at his, the Testator’s, Wife’s Death, except only such of them is should then have or be entitled unto the immediate Freehold of the said Premises comprised in the said Term by virtue of his said Will: and whereas the said Thomas Huggett, the Elder, intermarried with Mary White on or about the Ninth Day of March, in the Year One thousand seven hundred and Sixty-nine: And whereas the said Thomas Huggett, the Testator, hath The Death departed this Life without revoking or altering his said Will, leaving his of Thomas said Wife, Mary Huggett, and Four Children (to wit) the said Paulin Hug- PugSett* gett and Thomas Huggett, and Sarah, now the Wife of Thomas Hiller, of the said Parish of Saint Peter the Apostle, Mariner, and Susannah, now the Wife of Edward Pierce, of the Vill of Ramjgate, Cordwainer, him surviving, and leaving the said Paulin Huggett, his Heir at common Law, and the said Paulin Huggett, and Thomas Huggett, his Son, his Heirs, according to the Custom of Gavelkind: and the said Mary Huggett and Thomas Brown duly proved the fame Will in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury: And whereas by IndenturesofLeafeand Release, Indentures of dated respectively the Fourth and Fifth Days of November, One thou- Release" sand seven hundred and eighty-four, and made between the said John dated the 4th Fagg, the dien surviving Trustee named in the said Will of the and 5th No* said ’John Huggett, the Elder, deceased, of the One Part, and the vemher*784‘ said Mary Huggett, of the ocher Part; in consideration of Nine hundred and fifty Pounds, to the said John Fagg, then paid by the said Mary Huggett, the said John Fagg did, as therein is expressed, grant, release, and confirm unto the said Mary Huggett, her Heirs and Assigns, One undivided Moiety or Half Part of Five undivided Seventh Parts, equal to One thousand one hundred and twenty-five Pounds, and of One-third Part of Two other undivided Seventh Parts, equal to One hundred and fifty Pounds, making together the Sum of One thousand two hundred and seventy-five Pounds, of the said Scite of the Ncvth Foreland Lioht-house, and the Buildings, Land, and Appurtenances, to hold the fame unto and to the Use of the said Mary Huggett, her Heirs and Affirms for ever; And whereas by Indenture, dated the Tenth Day of Novem- indenture of her, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and made be- Mortgage, tween the said Mary Huggett, of the One Part, and John Gray, ,oth Novem-of the said Parish of Saint Peter the Apostle, Gentleman, of the ber ,78*’ other Part, it is witnessed, that in consideration of Nine hundred Pounds, paid by the said John Gray to the said Mary Huggett, fne, the said Mary Huggett, did grant and demise unto the said John Gray, his Executors, Auministrators, and Assigns, all the Premises comprized in the said recited Indentures of Lease and Release, of the Fourth and Fifth Days of November, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, to hold the fame unto the said John Gray, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Five hundred Years, without Impeachment of Waite, at a Pepper-corn yearly Rent, payable as therein mentioned, and subject to a Proviso therein mentioned, for making void the said Indenture, on Payment by the said Mary Huggett, her Heirs, Executors,

Adrni-

2 <548

Indenture of Mortgage, fame Date.

Indenture of Assignment and further Mortgage, 15th December 1796.

4.8° GEORG6II III. Cap. 151.

Administrators, or Assigns, unto the said John Gray, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of the Sum of Nine hundred Pounds, and Interest for the fame after the Rate of Five Pounds for One hundred Pounds for a Year, as therein mentioned: And whereas by Indenture, dated the said Tenth Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, and made between the said Mary Huggett and Thomas Brown, Executors of the said Thomas Huggett, deceased, of the One Part, and the said John Gray, of the other Part; after reciting a certain Indenture of Lease, dated the Eleventh Day of June, One thousand seven hundred andj eighty-cne, granted by John Huggett the Elder, and John Huggett the Younger, to the Arid Thomas Huggett, deceased, of Five undivided Seventh Parts, equal to Two thousand two hundred and fifty Pounds, and one undivided Third Parc of Two other undivided Seventh Parts, equal to Three hundred Pounds, making together Two thousand five hundred and fifty Pounds ofand in the said Hereditaments hereinbefore described, and other Hereditaments thereinmentioned, at the yearly Rents offifty-six Pounds and Six Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence for Twenty-one Years, from the Tenth Day of October then next; and all'o reciting that for the better securing the Payment of the said Sum of Nine hundred Pounds, and Interest, to the said John Gray, the said Mary Huggett, and the said Thomas Brown, at her Request, had agreed to assign and fee over to the said John Gray, the said Indenture of Lease and Premises thereby demised for all the then Residue of the said Term of Twenty-one Years: It is, by the said Indenture now in recital, witnessed, that the said Mary Huggett, and (at her Request) the said Thomas Brown, did assign unto the said John Gray, all the Premises comprised in the said Indenture of Lease of the Eleventh Day of June, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, to hold the fame unto the said John Gray, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from thenceforth, for all the then Residue of the said Term of Twenty-one Years, subject to the Rents and Covenants thereby and therein reserved and contained, and also subject to a Proviso therein contained, for making void the said Indenture, on payment of the said Sum of Nine hundred Pounds, and Interest, as therein mentioned: And whereas by Indenture, dated the Fifteenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and made between the said John Gray of the first Part, the said Mary Huggett of the second Parr, and John White, of Broadjiairs, in the Parish of Saint Peter aforesaid. Mariner, of the third Part, in consideration of the Premises, and of the Sum of Nine hundred Pounds, paid by the said John White to the said John Gray, and also in consideration of the further Sum of Four hundred Pounds to the said Mary Huggett, then paid by the said John White, (making together One thousand three hundred Pounds,) the said John Gray, at the Request of the said Mary Huggett, did assign, and the said Mary Huggett, did grant, ratify, and confirm unto the said John White, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all the said Premises comprized in the said first recited Indenture, of the Tenth Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, to hold the fame unto the said John White, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from thenceforth for all the then Residue of the said Term of Five hundred Years, absolutely freed from the Proviso contained in the said first recited Indenture of the Tenth Day of November One thousand seven hundred and eighty-

2949

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 151.

eighty-four; buc nevertheless subject to a Proviso therein contained, for making void the said Indenture, on Payment by the said Mary Huggett, her Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, unto the said John White, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, of the Sum of One thousand three hundred Pounds, and Interest at Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centumper Annum, on the Fifteenth Day of June then next: And whereas by Indenture dated the said Fifteenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and made between the said Mary Huggett and Thomas Brown of the first Part, the said John Gray of the second Part, and the said John White of the third Part, the said John Gray, at the Request of the said Mary Huggett and Thomas Brown, testified as therein mentioned, did assign, and the said Mary Huggett and Thomas Brown did assign, ratify, and confirm unto the said John White, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all the Premises comprized in the said recited Indenture of the Eleventh Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-one, to hold the fame unto the said John White, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from thenceforth, for all the then Residue of the said Term of Twenty-one Years, subject to the Rents and Covenants therein contained, freed from the Proviso contained in the said second hereinbefore recited Indenture of the Tenth Day of November, One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, but subject to the Proviso in the now reciting Indenture contained, for making void the fame Indenture, on Payment of the said Sum of One thousand three hundred Pounds, and Interest at Four Pounds Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, as therein mentioned: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release, dated respectively the Twentieth and Twenty-first Days of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, and made between the said Mary Huggett, of the One Part, and the said Thomas Brown of the other Part, reciting the before-recited Indenture of the TenthDay of November, Onethoufand seven hundred and eighty-four, and before recited Indenture of the Fifteenth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six; also reciting that the said Thomas Brown, joined with the said Mary Huggett, in assigning the said Lease to the said John Gray as aforesaid; and also in assigning the fame from the said John Gray to the said John White, on the Promise and Agreement of the said Mary Huggett to convey and aflfure the Fee-simple of the said mortgaged Premises, to the said Thomas Brown and his Heirs (subject to the said Mortgage thereof to the said John White, as therein-mentioned,) for the Security and Indemnity of the said Thomas Brown, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators: it is, by the said Indenture of Release now in recital, witnessed, that the said Mary Huggett did grant, release, and confirm unto the said Thomas Brown, his Heirs and Assigns, all the Premises comprised in the said first recited Indenture of the Fifteenth Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to hold the fame unco and to the Use of the said Thomas Brownt his Heirs and Assigns for ever, in Trust, nevertheless for the said Mary \Huggett her Heirs and Assigns, until Default in payment of the said One thousand three hundred Pounds, and Interest as aforesaid; and in case the said John White, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, should demand of the said Mary Huggett and Thomas Brown, or either of them, the Payment of the said One thousand three hundred Pounds, and Interest} then upon trust that the said Thomas Brown, his Heirs or Assigns, should fell the Fee-simple of the said mortgaged Premises, [Lot. &? Per,'] 33 B either

Indenture of Assignment and further Mortgage, fame Datei

Indentures o! Lease and

Release,

20th and 2ill

December

1795.

895©

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 151.

either together or in Parcels, as he or they should think fit; and upon further trust, to apply the Money arising from such Sale towards discharging the said One thousand three hundred Pounds, and Interest, and to pay the Residue thereof, (if any,) to and for the Use of the said Mary Huggett, provided, that if after such Demand as aforesaid, the said Mary lluggett should pay the said One thousand three hundred Pounds, and Interest, then in trust, that the said ‘Thomas Brown, his Heirs or A (Tigris, should convey the said Premises unto and to the Use of the said Mary Huggett, her Heirs and Assigns, discharged of all further Trusts. Indentures of And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Release, dated respectLease and tively the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Days of March, One thousand seven Release» hundred and ninety-seven, the Release being made between the said March" 1797. Mary Huggett, of the First Part, the said Paulin Huggett, the Son of the said Thomas Huggett, the Testator, of the Second Part, Michael Majeall, Yeoman, of the Third Part, and John Broom an, Banker, of the Fourth Part, the said Mary Huggett, (as therein is expressed,) granted, released, and confirmed unto the said Michael Majeall, and his Heirs, One undivided Moiety or Half Part, equal to One thousand five hundred and seventy-five Pounds, and Seventeen undivided Twenty-one Parts of the other undivided Moiety or Half Parr, equal to One thousand two hundred and seventy-five Pounds, of and in all the Premises described in the said Indentures of Lease and Release, of the Twentieth and Twenty-fihft Days of December, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to hold the' fame to the said Michael Majeall, and his Heirs, as to the said Moiety, for the Life of the said Mary Huggett j and as to the said other undivided Parts for ever, to the Use and Intent that the said Mary Huggett, and her Assigns, should, out of the fame Moiety and Parts, have and take during her natural Use, One Annuity or yearly Rent-charge of Forty Pounds; and as to the said undivided Moiety subject and charged with the said Annuity of Forty Pounds, and the usual Powers and Remedies for enforcing the Payment thereof, to the Use of the said John Brooman, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for Ninety-nine Years, if the said Mary Huggett should so long Jive* and as to the said Seventeen undivided Twenty-one Parts of the other undivided Moiety of the lame Premises in like Manner, subject to and charged as aforesaid to the Ute of the said John Brooman, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for a Term of Two hundred Years, and after the Expiration or ocher sooner Determination of the said Term of Ninety-nine Years, and subject thereto and to the Trusts thereof, as to the said One undivided Moiety, equal to One thousand five hundred and seventy-five Pounds, to the Use of the said Michael Majeall, and his Heirs and Assigns, for the Life of the said Mary Hug-gelt; nevertheless, as to the Estate and Interest of the said Michael Majeall, and his Heirs therein, in Trust for the said Paulin Huggett, the Son of the said Thomas Huggett, the Testator, his Heirs and Assigns, and to be conveyed and dilpoied of as he or they should, from Time to Time, direct or appoint, and from and after the End or sooner Determination of the said Term of Two hundred Years, and in the mean Time subject thereto and to the Trusts thereof, and also subject and charged as aforesaid: As to the said Seventeen undivided Twenty-one Parts of the said other undivided Moiety of the said Premises, to the Use of die fame Paulin Huggett and Michael Majeall, and the Heirs and Assigns of the fame Paulin Huggett for ever, neverthdefa as to the Estate Cg r a , mod

48» GEORGII III. Cap. 151. 2951

and Interest of the said Michael Mafcall therein, in Trust: for the fame Paulin Huggett, his Heirs and Assigns; and it is by the said Indenture of Release now in recital, declared, that the said Term of Ninety-nine Years, determinable as aforesaid, and Two hundred Years were thereby declared to be so limited as aforesaid to the said John Brooman, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, upon Trust, for better securing the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Rent-charge of Forty Pounds, unto the said Mary Huggett, and her Assigns, during her Life, and subject thereto, to permit the said Paulin Huggett, the Son of the said Thomas Huggett, the Testator, and his Heirs and Assigns, (according to their Estate and Interest therein respectively,) to receive and take the Rents and Profits of the fame Premises, until the said Annuity of Forty Pounds should be in arrear as aforesaid; and it is, by the said Indenture of Release now in recital, declared, that after the Trusts of the said Terms of Ninety-nine Years and Two hundred Years should be performed, or should become unnecessary and incapable of taking Effect; and the Charges of the Trustee or Trustees for the Time being, in the Performance of the said Trusts, should have been fully paid, the Lid Terms of Ninety-nine Years and Two hundred Years of and in the said Premises, or so much thereof as should not have been mortgaged, fold, or otherwise disposed of for the Purposes aforesaid, should cease and determine: And whereas the said Mary, the Widow of the said Thomas Hug- The peatt, gett departed this Life on or about the Thirty-first Day otAugujl One thou- of Mary land eight hundred and two, leaving the said Paulin Huggett, the Son of Huggett, the said Thomas Huggett, the Testator, her Heir at Law; and the said Paulin Huggett and Thomas Huggett, his Brother, her Heirs, according to the Custom of Gavel Kind; and the said Annuity of Forty Pounds, secured to her by the said last herein before in Parc recited Indentures of Lease and Release, hath been satisfied, and the Trusts of the said Term of Two hundred Years have been fully performed, and the Charges of the Trustees thereof paid: And whereas the said Paulin Hugget, the Devisee for Life, in the Will of the said Thomas Huggett, did in his Lifetime, on or ^aal‘a about the Thirteenth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and hls^o four, satisfy and pay unto his Sifters, Sarah the Wife of the said Thomas HU- Sifter* ths ler, and Susannah the Wife of the said Edward Pearce, the said several Le- Legacies of gacies of Four hundred Pounds a-piece, so given and bequeathed to them as* 4co,‘ eaclu aforesaid: And whereas the said Thomas Brown made and duly executed his laftWilland Testament, in Writing, dated the Twenty-third Day of July One thousand eight hundred, and thereof appointed his Wife Lydia Brown and his Sons Thomas Brown and Robert Brown, his Executrix and Execu tors; and departed this Life without revoking or altering the fame, and T-Le Will of intestate as to the Real Estates, of which he was a Trustee, leaving the said

Thomas Brown,rhe Son, and Robert Brown, his Heirs, according to the of July 1800* Custom of Gavel Kind; and upon the Decease of the said Thomas Brown, the Testator, the said Thomas Brown, the Son, and Robert Brown, accepted the Executorship of his said Will, and duly proved the fame in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury: And whereas by Indenture, bearing Date the Thirteenth Day of February One jhouland eight hundred and four, purporting to be made between Sarah Hiller the said Thomas Hiller and Sarah his Wife, and Edward Pearce and and Susannah Susannah his Wife, the said Sarah and Susannah, being therein further Pear€e pctcribed, of the First Part; the said Thomas Brown the Son, and Robert 5?r

Brown, '

2952

4.8* GEORGII III. Cap. 151.

Brown, of the Second Part; and the said Paulin Huggett, the Son of the said Thomas Huggett, the Testator, of the Third Part; the said Parties of the First Part did thereby acknowledge the then Receipt of their said several Sums of Four hundred Pounds and Four hundred Pounds, and thereof and therefrom did discharge the fame Paulin Huggett and his Heirs, and the said Thomas Brown, the Son, and Robert Brown, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and the said Hereditaments: And whereas the said Sool.of isaac Baulin Huggett, the Son of the said Thomas Huggett, the Testator, in order White to to enable himself to pay and discharge the said several Legacies of Four hun-

t'rtha/?T dred Pounds and Four hundred Pounds, borrowed and took up at Interest

upon his Bond, and Two several Promiflfory Notes, from Isaac White, of Broad Stairs, in the Parish of Saint Peter the Apostle, Mariner, the Sum of Paulin Hug- Fight hundred Pounds: And whereas the said Paulin Huggett, did, in like gett of the Manner, (to wit,) on or about the Twentieth Day of October One thousand ^col^n h^s hundred apd f°ur> satisfy and discharge the said Legacy or Sum of Five

Brother Tho- hundred Pounds, given and bequeathed to his Brother the said Thomas

mas. Huggett, the Son, by the Will of the said Thomas Huggett, their Father, by

giving and executing to the said Thomas Huggett, the Legatee thereof, his. Bond or Obligation, in Writing, for securing the due Payment of a like Sum of Five hundred Pounds, with Interest at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to the said Thomas Huggett, the Legatee, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, on a certainDay therein mentioned: And whereas by a certain Deed Poll, bearing Date on the Twenty-first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, and purporting to be made between the said Thomas Huggett, the Legatee, of the first Part, the said Thomas 1804°ft0bCr Brown, the Son, and Robert Brown, of the second Part, and the said Paulin Huggett, the Son of the said Thomas Huggett, the Testator, of the third Part; the said Thomas Huggett Party hereto, did acknowledge the then Receipt of the said Sum of Five hundred Pounds, and thereof and therefrom did discharge the fame Paulin Huggett, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators and the said Thomas Brown, the Son, and Robert Brown, their Executors, Death'of and Administrators, ar)d Assigns, and the said Hereditaments: And whereas the John white, Joi°n White hath departed this Life, having first dulymade and published 10th Feb. his last Will and Testament, in Writing, bearing Date on or abouc the

1798. Tenth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eighr,

and appointed the said Isaac White Executor thereof, who hath duly proved the fame, and taken upon himself the Burthen of the Execution thereof: Tho^T111 of W^ereas Thomas Huggett, the Legatee in the Will of his Father,

Hugget* the Thomas Huggett, deceased, departed thisLife without Issue, and inte-- 6 state as to his Real Estates, leaving the said Paulin Huggett, his Brother, his

Heir at Law, and also Heir according to the Custom of Gavelkind; and having first duly made and executed his last Will and Testamenc in Writing, bearing Date the Twenty-second Day of October One thousand eight hundred and four, and appointed his Uncle, che laid Isaac White, and his Brother, the said Paulin Huggett, deceased. Executors thereof: And whereas the laidIfacfo White alone, duly proved the fame Will, on the Twenty-sixth Thomas^ Day of April One thousand eight hundred and six, being then the only fur-WtfWrarited vlv^ng Executor, in the Prerogative Court of the Archbishop of Carrier-to lfaae bury, and took upon himself the Execution thereof: And whereas the said

White, Paulin Huggett, the Devisee for Life, named in the said Will of the said

TheDe«th of Thomas Huggett, the Father, deceased, departed this Life on or about the Fourteenth Day of November, One thousand eight hundred and five, with-mitattW-’ Put having discharged the said Bonds and Securities for tire laid several Sums

That Paul

Huggett

borrowed

Sifter’s gacies. Payment by

Release by the said Thomas Huggett of his Legacy,

Legatee, testate as to his real Estate.

Will, datH 2id October 1804* Probate of

48° GEORGII III. Cup. 15* 2953

Sums of Four hundred Pounds, Four hundred Pounds, and Five hun- ?ng discharg-dred Pounds, and Interest, or any Part thereof, to the said Isaac White jjaea^0nds and Thomas Huggett, the Legatee, or either of them: And whereas the White anti said Paulin Huggett intermarried with Susannah Gwynn on or about the Thomas Fourth Day of December One thousand eight hundred, and hath left Huggett. llfue by her, Paulin Huggett, an Infant, his only Child and Heir at The Mar-Law, and Heir according to the Custom of Gavelkind: And whereas Administration of the Goods and Chattels, Rights and Credits, of the gett. said Paulin Huggett, deceased, hath been granted by the Prerogative Court Adminiltra-of Canterbury to the said Susannah Huggett, since which, at the Requell don to Paulin of the said Isaac White, she hath paid off and discharged to him the said Isaac White, the said Two several Sums of Four hundred Pounds Sufacnah*0 and Four hundred Pounds, making together the said first-mentioned Sum Huggett his of Eight hundred Pounds, together with all Arrears of Interest due VVltlow» an<* thereon: And whereas there is now actually due and owing to the said heftTlfake Susannah Huggett, as Administratrix of her said Husband as aforesaid, the White of said Two several Sums of Four hundred Pounds and Four hundred Pounds, 800I. and making together the said Sum of Eight hundred Pounds, and the Sum of Interest*

One hundred and seventy Pounds for Interest due thereon, from the said Thirteenth Day of February, One thousand eight hundred and four, to na£ Huggett" the Thirteenth Day of May, One thousand eight hundred and eight, and 800I. with an the further Sum of Five hundred Pounds for which the said Susannah Arrear of Huggett, under the Bond of her laid Husband, became indebted to the said InCereft; Isaac White, as Executor of the said Thomas Huggett, the Legatee, and the Jher'sum of Sum of Eighty-seven Pounds and ten Shillings for Interest due thereon, 5ool.\vithan from the Twentieth Day of October, One thousand eight hundred and Arrear of four, to the Twentieth Day of April, One thousand eight hundred and Interest* eight, making together in the whole the Sum of One thousand three Thac‘3°oI. hundred Pounds principal Monies, and the Sum ot Two hundred and Secured?11 fifty seven Pounds and 1 en Shillings for Interest due thereon: And Mortgage to whereas the said Sum of One thousand three hundred Pounds, secured to John White the said John White by the said Indenture of Mortgage of the Fifteenth vvas due £o Day of December, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, is now due ii^Executor. and owing to the said Isaac White, as his Executor, upon or by virtue of the fame Security; but all Interest for the fame hath been paid to the Eleventh Day of October lait. And whereas Twenty-three Fifty-fourth T!l2t Parts or Shares only, equal to One thousand three hundred and forty-one f^erede"' Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Four Pence, ofand in the said Piece or Parcel vifedby the of Ground, and of the said Light-house, Erections, and Buildings, were Wiilof John devised by the said Will of the said John Huggett, to the said Thomas Hu2Seit-Huggett, his Nephew, and John Fagg, and Seventeen Forty-second Parts or Shares, only equal to One thousand two hundred and seventy-five Pounds, of and in the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, and of the said Light-house, Erections and Buildings, were conveyed by the said John That Pau]in Fagg to the said Mary Huggett, and her Heirs, so that the said Paulin Huggetmhe Huggett, the Infant, is now leifed of or entitled to Twenty-seven Fifty- infant was fourth Parts or Shares, equal to One thousand five hundred and seventy- seised of . five Pounds, as is mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act, of and Fee^Tan and in the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, and Light-house, Erections, and to 17/42dsin Buildings, under the Will of the said Thomas Huggett, the Father, in Fee Simple. Fee-tail, and to Seventeen undivided Forty-second Parts or Shares thereof equal to One thousand two hundred and seventy-five Pounds, as is also mentioned in the said Second Schedule, as the Heir of his laid Father, in \_Loc. & Pei-.] 33 C Fee.

2954

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 151.

Fee-simp!e: and which said several Parts and Shares before Hated to lie verted in the said Paulin Huggett, the Infant in Fee-tail and Fee-simple, with the several Parts and Shares of the Estate outstanding or verted in the real Representatives of John Fagg and in Thomas Brown, as is flawed in the said Second Schedule, conltifute the Entirety of the Premises. Contraft for And whereas the said Susannah Huggctt, on behalf of the said Pau-fannah7Hu' having had an advantageous Proposal made to

gelt on Be-* ^er by the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Sea-half of Paulin men at Greenwich, in the County of Kent, for the Purchase of the said Huggett the several Parts and Shares of the said Paulin Huggett, the Infant, of and Infant to the in the said Hereditaments and Premises, did execute an Agreement, in ers and* Gq1-" Writing, bearing Date the Thirty-first Day of December, One thousand vemors of eight hundred and feveri, and made between the said Susannah Hug-Greenwich gett, of the One Parr, and the said Commissioners and Governors of Hospital. ljle other part, whereby it was agreed between them, that in consideration of the Sum of Two thousand eight hundred and fifty Pounds to be paid by the said Commissioners and Governors, and for other the Considerations therein-mentioned, the said Susannah Huggett should and would, at the Expence of the said Commissioners and Governors, procure a good and sufficient Conveyance in Fee Ample, (Tubjeft to the said Annuity or yearly Rent-charge of Twelve Pounds a Year, payable to Sarah Huggett, Widow, for her Life, charged on some of the fame undivided Parts or Shares of the said Hereditaments and Premises, and other Parts or Shares thereof,) to be made and executed to the said Commissioners and Governors of the said undivided Parts or Shares of the said Paulin Huggett, the Infant, of and in the fame Piece or Parcel of Ground, Light-house, Erections, Buildings, and Premises: That it would Kerens it will be very beneficial to the said Paulin Huggett the In-

be very be- fant that the said Agreement for the Sale of the said Parts and Shares, He-neficial to the reditaments and Premises, should be carried into Execution, and that so Infant that much of the said Purchase-Money, of Two thousand eight hundred and flioukTbe^ fi^y Pounds, as shall be coming to the said Paulin Huggett the Infant, for carried into die Purchase of the several undivided PaTts or Shares of the said Premises E xecution, whereof or where to he is seised or entitled in Fee Tail, amounting to the and that the Sum 0p One thousand five hundred and seventy-five Pounds, should be ap-flioulYbe plied towards discharging the said Incumbrances respectively affecting the applied in fame Parts or Shares of the lame Premises, and that so much of the said discharge of Purchase Money, of Two thousand eight hundred and fifty Pounds, as b"ances Hiall becoming to the said Paulin Huggett the Infant for the Purchase of the said several undivided Parts or Shares of and in the said Premises

whereof or where to the said Paulin Huggett the Infant is seised or entitled in Fee Simple, amounting to the Sum of One thousand two hundred and seventy-five Pounds, should be applied in discharge of the said Incumbrances affecting the fame Parts and Shares of the said Premises; but by reason of the Infancy of the famt Paulin Huggett the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: Wherefore your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said Susannah Huggett, for and on behalf of the said Paulin Huggett,(the Infant,) and the Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the County of Kent Humbly beseech Youi most Excellent Majesty, That it may be enabled, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Twenty-seven undivided Fifty-

fourth

2955

4H0 GEORGII III. Cap. 151.

fourth Parts or Shares, equal to One thousand five hundred and seventy-five Pounds, of or belonging to the said Paulin Huggett the Infant, and whereot or where to the said Paulin Huggett the Infant is so as aforesaid seised of or entitled to an Estate in Fee Tail general of and in all that Piece or Parcel of Land or Ground, containing by Estimation Three Acres, more or less; and also of and in all that oflagonal Messuage or Tenement ere£led and built on Part of the said Piece or Parcel of Land, for the Purpose of the North Foreland Lighthouse, and the Out-houses,

Edifices, and Buildings thereto adjoining or belonging, heretofore in the Tenure or Occupation of Robert OJbotston Esquire, and now of the Commissioners and Governors of Greenwich Hospital, situatein the said Parish of Saint Peter the Apostle, and more particularly described in the first Schedule to this Act annexed; and also the said Seventeen Forty-second Parts or Shares, equal to One thousand two hundred and seventy-five Pounds, of or belonging to the said Paulin Huggett the Infant, and whereof or where to he is so as aforesaid seised or entitled in Fee Simple of and in the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, Light-house, Edifices, and Buildings, and all other the Parts or Shares (if any) of him the said Paulin Huggett the Infant, of and in the said Piece or Parcel of Ground and Light-house,

Edifices and Buildings, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be veiled in and settled upon, and the same are hereby from thenceforth veiled in and settled upon John B.ys of Margate, in the Parish of Saint John the Baptist, in the said Isle of Thanet and County of Kent,

Gentleman, and Joseph Martyr, of Greenwich in the County of Kent,

Gentleman, their Heirs and Alligns, to the Use of the said John Boys and Joseph Martyr, their Heirs and Alligns for ever, subject, as to such Parts ^he shares or Shares thereof as are liable thereto, to the said Annuity or Yearly of the infant Rent Charge of Twelve Pounds, payable to the said Sarah Huggett during veiled in her Life as aforesaid, but freed and discharged of, from, and against all rrustees" and every the Uses, Estates, Devises, Bequells, Limitations, Trulls, Remainders, Reversions, Provisoes, Powers, Charges, and Incumbrances whatsoever in or by the said Will of the said first named Thomas Huggett, or the said first recited Indentures of the Tenth Day of November One thousand seven hundred and eighty four, and the Fifteenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or the said. recited Indentures of Lease and Release of the Twenty-first and Twenty second Days of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or the said recited Indentures of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Days of March One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and upon the Trulls, and to and for the Ends, Intents, and Purposes hereinafter mentioned, expressed, and declared of and concerning the same; (that is to say), Upon Trull, Upon Trust that they the said John Boys and Joseph Martyr, or the Survivor of them, upon Pay-or his Heirs, do and shall, upon Payment by the said Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich aforesaid of the Money Ao Sum of One thousand five hundred and seventy-five Pounds, the Propor- convey’the tion of the said Sum of Two thousand eight hundred and fifty Pounds, fame to the payable in respect of the said several Parts or Shares of and in the said surctul£rs* Piece or Parcel of Ground, Light-house, and Premises, with the Appurtenances, whereof or where to the said Paulin Huggett the Infant is seised or entitled in Fee Tail general under the Will of the said first-named Thomas Huggett unto the said Susannah Huggett as Administratrix of the said Paulin Huggett, deceased, or to the Administrator or Adrninillrators Tor the Tune being of the fame Paulin Huggett, in part Discharge of

2956 4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 151.

the said Sums of Five hundred Pounds, Four hundred Pounds, and Four hundred Pounds, the Legacies bequeathed by the said Will of the said first-named Thomas Huggett, and which were paid or secured to be paid by the said Paulin Hugett, deceased, as aforesaid; and also of the Sum of One thousand two hundred and seventy-five Pounds, the Proportion of the said Sum of Two thousand eight hundred and fifty Pounds, payable for or in respect of the said several undivided Parts or Shares of and in the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, Light-house, and Premises, with the Appurtenances, whereof or where to the said Paulin Huggett the Infant is seised or entitled in Fee Simple as aforesaid, unto the said Isaac White, as the Executor of the said John White, or to the Executors or Administrators for the Time being of the said John White, in part Discharge of the said Sum of One thousand three hundred Pounds, secured by the said Indenture of Mortgage of the Fifteenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, to convey and allure the said several undivided Parts or Shares hereby veiled in and settled upon the said John Boys and Joseph Martyr and their Heirs, of and in the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, Light* house, Hereditaments, and Premises, with the Appurtenances, unto and to the Use of the said Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hospital for beamen at Greenwich aforesaid, and their Successors for ever.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Receiptor Receipts of the said Susannah Huggett,or the Administrator or Administrators for the 'Time being of the said Paulin Huggett, the Son of the said first-named Thomas Huggett, and of the said Isaac White, or of the Executors or Administrators for the Time being of the said Isaac White, for any Sum or Sums of Money payable to them respectively under or by virtue of this Act, shall be a sufficient and effectual Discharge or sufficient and effectual Discharges for the fame respectively, or for so much thereof as shall be therein expressed to be received; and that the said Commissioners and Governors of the said Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich aforesaid, and their Successors, and also the said John Boys and Joseph Martyr, and the Survivor of them, his Executors and Administrators, and each and every of them, shall not afterwards be accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Nonapplication, or be obliged or concerned to fee to the Application of the Money therein acknowledged or mentioned to be received.

That the HI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all the

Charge of Colls, Charges, and Expences of applying for and obtaining and passing

procuring the this Act, and of making and completing the Conveyance hereby directed paid by the lo mac^e 10 Commissioners and Governors of the Royal Hol-

Purchasers. pital for teamen at Greenwich aforesaid, shall be paid, sustained, and borne by the said Commissioners and Governors, and their Successors; and that no Part of the fame Colts, Charges, and Expences shall be paid by the said Paulin Huggett the Infant upon any Account whatever.

IV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and

Claulf. Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, and Bodies Politic and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Adminiffra-tors, and Assigns, (other than and except the said Paulin Huggett the Infant, and the Heirs of his Body, and his Heirs at Common Law, and according to the Custom of Gavelkind, and all and every other Person and Persons claiming or to claim any Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Inheritance,

That the Receipt of Susannah Huggett, or the Adrnini-flr«for for the

of Thom'a? Huggett and of said Isaac White shall be a Dif-

2957

4-8* GEORGII lit Cap. 151.

lance, Use, Trust, Claim, or Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the said Parts and Shares of the said Piece or Parcel of Ground, Light-house, Hereditaments, and Premises, or any Part or Parts thereof, under or by virtue of the said Will of the said first named Thomas Hu?gett, or under or by virtue of the said recited Indentures of the Tenth Day of November One thousand seven hundred and eighty-four, or the said recited Indentures of the Fifteenth Day of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or the said recited Indentures of Lease and Release of the Twenty-first and Twenty-second Days of December One thousand seven hundred and ninety-six, or the said recited Indentures of the Fourteenth and Fifteenth Days of March, One thousand seven hundred and ninety-seven, and the right Heirs, and Heirs according to the Custom of Gavelkind of the said first-named Thomas Huggett,) all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Possibility, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, which they or any of them had, held, or enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held, or enjoyed, of, into, from, out of, or upon the said Parts and Shares hereby veiled in and settled upon the said John Boys and Joseph Martyr, their Heirs and Assigns, in case this Act had not been made.

V. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

The FIRST SCHEDULE to which this Act refers:

Name of Place.

Saint Peter the Apoltle in the Isle of Thanet, in the County of Kent.

Name of Tenants. Premises. Quantity.

The Com mif- Twenty-seven Fifty- 3 Acres,

fionersand Go- fourths and Seventeen more or less.

vernors of the Forty-seconds of and

Royal Hospital in an octagonal Mef-

for Seamen at fuage used as a Light-

Greenwich, in house or Sea Mark, and the County of commonly called or

Kent. known by the Name of the North Foreland Light- house, and the Scite and Ground whereon the fame flandeth, together with the Out-houses, Buildings, Land and Premises,

and also the free Use 1

\ and Benefit of all

Roads, Ways, and Passages for Horses, Carriages, and otherwise heretofore used therewith and belonging thereto. 1 1 ! A. P.

l'er.-] 13 D

Yearly Rent.

9° 9 9

THE

48t, GEORGII III. Cap. is

2958

The SECOND SCHEDULE to which this Act refers, considering as a Balls that the Entirety of the said Premises are

The Shares to which the Infant is intitled in Fee Tail The Share to which the Infant is: intitled in Fee Simple The Shares outstanding in Thos.

Brown, Esq.

The Shares outstanding in the real Representatives of John Fagg, in Trult for the said Thomas Trown

£ 315° ° IN0 WILLIAMS.

- ;v

EONPON. Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808,

:qual to £3150.

j. ||ths, or Jf|ths, equal to il-nds, or |f|ths, equal to y7\ ths> equal to

\ 3 7Tthj, equal to

£ d

'STS 0 0

l27S 0 0

233 6 8

- 66 ‘3 4

GEORGII III. REGIS.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

Cap. 152.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kirk-Smeaton, in the West Riding of the County of

York.

[30th June 1808.]

WHEREAS there are in the Parish of Kirk-Smeaton, and within the Manor of Kirk-Smeaton, in the West Riding of the County of York, several Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Commons, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, containing by Estimation, Nine Hundred Acres, or thereabouts, and also several inclosed Lands and Grounds: And whereas Joseph Madocks, and William Alexander Madocks Esquires, are Lords of the said Manor of Kirk-Smeaton: And whereas the Reverend Richard Paver, Clerk, is the Rector of the Rectory of Kirk-Smeaton aforesaid, and as such is entitled to all the Great and Small Tithes arising within the said Parish, and the said Rector is also entitled to certain Glebe Lands in the said Parish, and the Right Honourable Earl Fitxvnlliam is the present Patron of the said . Rectory And whereas the said Joseph Madocks, and William Alexander Madocks, and the Reverend Richard Perryn, Clerk, and divers other Persons are Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds in the said Open and Common Fields, and the Lands and Grounds of the said several Proprietors lie greatly intermixed and dispersed, and are other wile inconveniently fituare, and the Proprietors of all the said Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Commons, Waites, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds are desirous that the fame should be divided and allotted unto and among them proportionately, and according to the Value of their respective Estates, Rights, and [Loc. & Per."} 33 E Interests

2962 4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

Interests therein, and that such Allotments should be inclosed, and held i:i Severalty, and also that, in consideration of an adequate Compensation all the Lands and Tenements in the said Parish, as well open as inclosetl, should be discharged from Tithes; but the several beneficial Bur poles aforesaid cannot be effected, without the Aid of Parliament: May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confenr of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parlia-CoTmiluon- merit affetnbled, and by the Authority of the same, that William White-cr appointed. Gf Jjrothcrlon, in the said County of York, Gentleman, shall be, and he is hereby appointed foie Commissioner for ferting out, dividing, and allotting all the said Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Commons, Waffes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and for putting this Act into Execution, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, are hereinafter contained, and with such of the Powers, and subject to such of the Rules, Orders, Directions, Authorities, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for con-folidattng in one Ad certain 'Provisions ufunlly inserted in Acts of Inch fare, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the pqffing of such Acts, as are not controuled by or repugnant to any of the Clauses, Provisions, or Regulations contained in this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said William Whitelock shall die, or refuse to act, or become incapable cf acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, bt fore all the Powers, Authorities, and Trusts hereby reposed in the said Commissioner shall be fully executed and performed, it shall and may be lawful for the Majority in Value of the Proprietors of Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or their respective Agents or Attornies present at a Meeting to he holdeu for that Purpose, by Writing, under their respective Hands, to nominate and appoint one other fit and proper Person not interested in the Premises, to be a Commissioner in the Place of the said William Whitelock, provided that Ten days Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting shall be given by Six or more of the said Proprietors, in like Manner as hereinafter is directed with respect to the Attendances or Sittings of the said Commissioner, and that such Attcnaings or Sittings shall be held in the Parish of Kirk-Smeaton aforesaid, or within the Diitance of Eight Miles from the said Parish and if any Commissioner or Commissioners, who shall be appointed in the Place of the said William Whikiock, shall die, refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as aforesaid, such future Vacancies shall, in like Manner, be filled up by the Majority in Value of the said Proprietors, and so from Time to Time as there shall be Occasion; and if any such Commissioner shall neglect to attend Three successive Sittings of the Commissioners, unless prevented by Sickness, such Neglect shall be deemed and taken to be a Refusal to act in the Execution of this Act, and every Person who shall be nominated and appointed a Commissioner in Manner aforesaid, shall have the like Powers and Authorities in the Execution cf this Act, as if he had been appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioner, by and with the Approbation of the Majority in

- Value

Power Toap-

CoromiSon-

jjointed. P

296

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

Value of the Proprietors, or iheir known Agents or Attornies, present at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, in like Manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to the Meeting for appointing a new Commissioner, testified by Writing under their respective Hands, to appoint One or more fit and proper Person or Persons not interested in the Premises, to be Surveyor or Surveyors for the Purposes of this Act, and on any future Vacancy, in like Manner to appoint some other Surveyor or Surveyors, and so from Time to Time, as often as there shall be Occasion; and every such Surveyor shall, at the First Sitting of the Paid Commissioner, after his Appointment, take and subscribe an Oath in the Form hereinafter let forth.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Surveyor, in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath, in the Form following, viz.

‘ J do fineerely protnife and swear that I will act in the Execution of the Surveyor’s ‘ Powers, Authorities, and Trlifts reposed in me'as a Surveyor, by vir- Oath.

‘ tue of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of King ‘ George the Third, intituled An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kirk-Smeaton, in the West Riding of the County of York

truly, impartially, and honestiy, according to the bell of my Skill,

4 Judgment, and Ability, without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or c Malice, to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.

V. And the.C.onimilTioner is hereby authorized to administer the faitl Oath to the said Surveyor, and the Oath so taken and subscribed by each Surveyor, shall be enrolled with the Award of the Commissioner.

VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Co Commissioner, and he is hereby required to cause a Notice in Writing, cr’! under his Hand, specifying the Time and Place of his First Sitting for executing this Act, to be affixed on the Principal Door of the Church of Kirk-Smeaton afo re 'aid, on some Sunday before Divine Service, Ten Days at Least before such Silting; and a;lfo to cause the.like Notice to be given of every, such subsequent Sitting, (Sittings by Adjournment only excepted,) and rt fiitil be lawful for the said Commissioner to adjourn his Sitting--, from Timfe to Time, as he shall see Occasion, for the Execution of this Act; and all the Sittings of the said Commissioner shall be held at some Place within the Parish of Kirk-Smeaton aforesaid, or within the Distance of Eight Miles therefrom.

nmission-

Stttings.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispate or Differ- CommiHimt. ence (half happen to arise between the Parties, that now are or shall before the making of the Award hereinafter-mentioned, be interested in the said intended Division and Inclosure, or any of them touching or concerning the respective Shares or Proportions which they or any of them shall claim in the said hands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, or touching or concerning the respective Shares and Proportions, which they or any of them ought to have, of or in the said intended Division and Inclosure, it shall be lawful for the said Commission-tr, and he is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame, provided that nothing herein contained shall authorize the said Commissioner to determine any Diljpute or Difference which may arise,

touching

2964

Mrv aw^rd Cota.

Power to O' fputrd

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

touching or concerning the Title of any Person or Persons to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Paid Commissioner shall, upon the hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to him in pursuance of the Paid Act, or of this Act, fee cause to award any Cods, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to settle, a fiefs, and award such Costs and Charges, as he shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioner shall be made, by the Person or Persons whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Obiections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled; and in case the Person or Persons who shall be liable to pay such Colls and Charges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Cofis and Charges to be levied by Difirefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame;, rendering the Overplus, (if any,) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Cofis and Charges attending such Difirefs and Sale.

IX. Provided always and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons making any Claim or Claims to any Lands or Hereditaments intended to be divided or affected by this Act, or any Rights or Interests therein, or objeCling to any such Claim or Claims, shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioner, and shall be desirous of having such Claim or Claims, Rights and Interests, respectively tried at Law'-, and the Person or Persons so desirous of having the fame tried at Law, shall by themselves, or their respective Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, give or cause to be given, Notice thereof in Writing, to the said Commissioner, within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination shall have been so made by the said Commissioner, (of which Notice, the said Commissioner is hereby required, immediately on Receipt thereof,- or as foorr after as conveniently may be, to give Information to the adverse Party or Parties, or his, her, or their respective Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, by Writing, under his Hand, to be delivered to or left at the usual' Place of Abode of such Party or Parties, Stewards, Receivers, Attornies, or Agents, as aforesaid,) then, but not afterwards, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons giving such Notice as aforesaid, their respective Heirs, Succofiors and Assigns, and he, she, or they is and are hereby required to proceed to a Trial or Trials at Law', of the fame in a feigned Action or Actions for that Purpose to be commenced, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by the Person or Persons giving such Notice as aforesaid, against any Person or Perfom; interested in the Paid Division who shall make such QUjeCUon or Objections, within Two Calendar Months, next after such Notice shall he given to the said Commissioner as aforesaid; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions, shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall file Common Bail, or appear and accept One or more Issue or I flues, whereby.all such Claim or Claims, and Rights and Interests, may be properly tried and determined, such

5t Issue

2965

43° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

IiVue or I flues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court wherein such ASion shall be brought; if the Parties differ about the fame, and the VerdiS or VerdiSs which shall be given in the said ASion or ASions shall be final and conclusive to all Persons whomsoever; and after any VerdiS or Verdicts shall have been obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioner shall and he is hereby authorized and required to conform thereto; but if no such ASion or ASions at law shall be brought or commenced by the Person or Persons giving such Notice, within the Time aforesaid, or if such ASion or ASions shall not be proceeded in to a Trial or Trials, within Eight Calendar Months, from the Day of giving such Notice, by or on account of the Neglect or Default of the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs there:n, then and in such Case the Determination of the Commissioner shall be final, binding and conclusive unto and upon all Parties whomsoever; provided that it shall be lawful for the Court in which any ASion commenced, in pursuance of this Act, shall be depending, upon sufficient Cause shewn, to pur off the Trial of such ASion, or to award a new Trial therein, although the Time herein before limited for the Trial of such ASion may be thereby exceeded. Provided also, that if any of the Parties, in any ASion to be brought in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the fame, such ASion shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

X. And be it further enacted, That allTnidofures and Encroachments which shall have been taken in, and mad'd' from, the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed (fade and except such as have been peaceably and quietly enjoyed for the Space of Twenty Years last part, or upwards, without any Interruption or Payment of any Acknowledgement') shall be deemed Part and Parcel of the said Lands and Grounds to be divided and inclosed in pursuance of this Act; and in case ary Difference or Drfpute shall arise, touching any such Inclostires or Encroachments being deemed Part or Parcel of the said Lands and' Grounds so to be divided and inclosed, such Differences or Disputes shall be examined into, and determined by, the said Commissioner.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enaSecl, That nothing herein contained (bail authorise such Commissioner to set out, allot, or inclose any of the said Commons, Wastes, or other Commonable Lands and Grounds adjoining the great Turnpike-Road leading from London to Edinburgh, within Thirty Feet from the Centre of the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall set out, and appoint, and allot such and so many Gravel Pits and Stone Quarries, as he shall think necessary, for the Use and Benefit of the Proprietors and Occupiers of the several Allbtments which shall be set out in pursuance of this Act, and of all the Lands and Tenements in respect of which any such Allotment shall be made, to be used in or upon such Allotments, Lands, and Tenements respectively, or for making and repairing the Public Highways and Roads in the said Parish, or to be set out

, in pursuance of the said Act, and this Act, but not for Sale, or for any other Use or Purpose; and the said Commissioner shall, by his Award, order and direS how and in what Manner the same shall be respectively worked for the general Advantage of the respective Persons interested

Actions not to abate by Death of the Parties.

Encroachments, except those made for Twenty Years, to be deemed Part of the Lands to be divided.

Lands not to be inclosed within thirty Feet of the Centre of the Turnpike Road.

Commissioners to set out Gravel Pits and Mortar Pits, and how to be enjoyed.

2966

Dirtfting Lands to be sold for paying the Ex-pcnfes of ob taining and executing the Act.

48° GEORGII ill. Cap. 152.

Xin. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, in the next Place, mark and set out such Part and Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as will, by the Sale thereof, be fully sufficient to defray and discharge all the Colts, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, dividing, fencing, and allotting the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue thereof, and all the Charges of the said Commissioner, his Assistants and Servants, and all the other necessary Expenses of the several Persons to be employed by the said Commissioner in and about the Premises, and all the Expenses of forming, completing, and repairing the Public Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said Commissioner, and of ring-fencing the Allotments for Tithes, and all other Expenses of carrying this Act into complete Execution, subject to the Proviso hereinafter contained respecting the said Open and Common Fields; and the said Commissioner shall, and he is required to fell the Lands and Grounds so marked and set out in such Allotment or Allotments as to him shall seem right and proper, to any Person or Persons, for the belt Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, by private Contract, or by public Auction or Auctions, to be holden for that Purpose, of which Six Weeks previous Notice shall be given j and the Person or Persons so purchasing the same shall immediately pay, by way of Deposit, into the Hands of the said Commissioner, or unto such Person or Persons as he shall direct or appoint. One-tenth Part of his, her, or their Purchase Money, and pay the Remainder thereof within Three Calendar Months next after or at such other Time as the said Commissioner shall appoint; and in default thereof, the Money so deposited shall be forfeited, and shall be applied towards carrying this Act into Execution; and the Allotment or Allotments for which the whole of such Purchase Money shall not have been so paid, or for which there shall be, no Bidding at such Auction, shall be again put up to Sale, and fold in Manner aforesaid, for the belt Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, or be sold by the said Commissioner by private Contract, for any Sum or Sums not less than the remaining Nine-tenths of the Price or respective Prices for which the fame was or were respectively before fold, or the Amount of one Bidding above the Sum or respective Sums at which the fame was or were respectively put up in the said former Auction; and every Allotment for which the full Purchase Money shall be paid shall immediately thereupon be absolutely difcfrarged of and from all Common and other Right thereon or therein, and be yelled in Fee-simple in, and be inclosed and thenceforth held in Severalty, by and at the Expence of such Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, as his, her or their private and absolute Property, and shall be allotted accordingly by the said Commissioner; and the said Purchase Money shall be applied by the said Commissioner in defraying such Costs^ Charges, and Expenses as aforesaid; and the Overplus of such Purchase Money, (if any), after defraying such Colts, Charges, and Expenses, shall be equally distributed amongst the several Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Grounds in proportion to their several and respective Rights and Interests therein; and such Money shall be paid to such Persons, or applied and disposed of by the said Commissioner, in Manner directed by the said Act, made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, whenever any Sum of Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or

Hereditaments

2967

4»°' GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Sum of Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses.

XIV. And whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of his An Allot-Duchy of Lancaster is] seised to himself, his Heirs and Successors, of the menttobe Honour of Pontefratt, in the County of York, in which Honour the said Lands and Grounds are situate, lying, and bting; be it further Lord of the enabled. That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he Honour of is hereby authorised and required to set out and allot unto the King*s Pontefract-most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Right of his Duchy of Lancaster, as Lord of the Honour of Pontefraff, such Plot or Plots of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioner, be equal to One-thirty-sixth Part of the Waste Lands within the said Manor of Kirk-Smeaton, as a Compensation for the Right and Interest of the said King’s Majesty in, over, and upon the Waste Lands within the Manor hereby directed to be divided and allotted; and the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby required, within Three Months after the Execution of the Award, to make an Extract on Parchment, under his Hand, of so much thereof as shall contain an accurate Description of the Allotment or Allotments which shall be made to His said Majesty, together with such Regulations or Provisions relative to such Allotment or Allotments, or to any other Rights or Interests of His said Majesty, as may be contained in such Award, and shall annex to such Extract a Map or Plan of such Allotment or Allotments, and transmit the same to the Clerk of the Council of His Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, for the Time being.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Directing Commissioner, and he is hereby authorised and required, to divide, set Jow t

out, and allot all the Residue of the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, c

Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, dire died and intended to be divided and allotted by virtue of this Act, in Manner following, that is to say, the said Commissioner shall set out and allot unto and for the Lords or Lord of the Manor of Kirk-Smeaton such Plot or Plots of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioner, be equivalent to One-Thirty-sixth Part of the Waste Lands within the said Manor, as a Compensation for the Rights and Interest of the Lords and Lord of the said Manor in and to the Soil of all the Waste Lands within the said Manor hereby directed to be divided and allotted; and the said Commissioner shall i’et out unto and for the Rector of the said Parish of Kirk-Smeaton, previous to any Allotment for Sale as hereinbefore expressed, such Plot or Plots of the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, as shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioner, be equivalent to One-fifth Part of all the Open, Arable, or Tillage Lands, and One-ninth of all the Common Pasture, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands, and One-seventh Part of all the ancient inclosed Lands, within the said Parish, which are subject and liable to the Payment of Tithes to the said Rector, and which shall remain after the Roads, and other public Conveniences hereby directed to be set out in the 6 f fame

968

48° GEORGII III. 'Cap. i fa.

same Parish; shall be deducted therefrom; and such Allotment or Allotments, when so assigned, set out, and allotted to the said Rector and his Successors, shall be, and be deemed to be a full Satisfaction and Compensation to the said Rector and his Successors for all Tithes both great and small, and all Modules, and all other ecclesiastical Dues and Payments whatsoever (Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and Surplice Fees excepted) yearly issuing, arising, renewing, increasing, or payable out of or from all the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, and out of all and every of the Messuages, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, and old Inclosures within the said Parish; and such Allotment or Allotments, when so assigned, set out, and allotted, shall be, and be deemed and taken to be Freehold, and shall be ring-fenced, and which Fences to be made in a proper and effectual Manner, on the out-fide, with Polls, double Rails, Quicksets, and the necessary Gates, by and under the Direction of the said Commissioner, at the Expense of the said Proprietors; and that the Allotments so to be made to the said Rector and his Successors in lieu of Tithes of the Open Lands and Ancient Inclosed Fields shall be made out of and from the said Open Arable Lands, Pasture, Commons, and Waste Grounds; and lastly, the said Commit fioner shall set out and allot all the Residue and Remainder of the said Open and Common Fields, Pa flu res, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed or intended to be divided or allotted, unto, for, or among the said JofepJj Madccks, and William Alexander Madocks, Richard Perryn, and the several other Proprietors, their respective Heirs, Successors, or Assigns, or the Person or Persons seised for their respective Estates, for the Time being, and all other the Proprietors of Lands or other Hereditaments therein for which no Allotment or other Compensation is herein specially directed to be made, in such Quantities, Parts, Shares, and Proportions as the said Commissioner shall adjudge an.d determine to be a just Equivalent, Compensation, and Satisfaction, for their said several Lands and other Hereditaments, in proportion to the respective Values thereof, subje£fc nevertheless to such particular Directions as are herein contained, or referred to concerning the same. And in setting out all such Allotments as aforesaid, the said Commission-tr shall have due Regard to the Quantity, Quality, Situation, and Convenience thereof; and shall lay the lame as contiguous as may be to the Messuages, Buildings, and inclosed Lands of the Proprietors to whom such Allotments shall be made.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby authorized and required to divide such Residue as aforesaid of the said Commons and Wastes among the several Parties interested, in Manner following (that is to say), one Moiety or equal Half Part thereof amongst the several Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who, at the Time of making such Allotment, shall be Owners of ancient Messuages and Cottages or Frontsteads, having Right of Common on the said Commons and Wastes, and the other Moiety thereof among the Owners of ancient inclosed and open Field Lands in the said Parish having Common Rights upon the said Commons and Wastes.

Forexoncrat-

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the SfurcT'1 ^>roi>rietor or Joint Proprietors of any Messuages, Cottages, Bomesteads, Gardens,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 152. 2969

Gardens, Orchards, or Inclosed Lands or Grounds, in the said Parish of &c- of Pro-Kirk-Smeaton, shall not be entitled, upon the said Division, to a luilicienc J'a'"norSo°en Quantity of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and FicldVrc/per-allotred to exonerate the said Messuages, Cottages, Homesteads, Gardens, ty. Orchards, or inclosed Lands or Grounds from Tithes, then, and in £uch Cafe or Cafes, the Commissioner shall, and he is hereby authorized and empowered to charge the Proprietor or joint Proprietors thereqf respectively with such Sum or Sums of Money as shall, in the Judgment of the said Commissioner, be a just and full Compensation and Satisfaction for the Fee-simple of the Tithes thereof respectively, according to the Pro. portions aforesaid, and such Sum and Sums of Money shall be paid by such Proprietor or joint Proprietors respectively, to the said Commissioner, to be by him applied in such Manner as he shall think proper, towards defraying the Expences of obtaining this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, and in case of Non-payment thereof, at the Time appointed by the Commissioner for that Purpose, the same shall be raised and levied, in such Manner as is provided for raising and levying the Expenses of obtaining and executing this Act, in case of Neglect or Refqfal to pay the fame. Provided that in case more Money shall be paid to the said Commissioner, in respect of Tithes, than will be required to defray such Expenses as last aforesaid, the Surplus Money shall be divided and apportioned among the Proprietors of the several Allotments to be set out in pursuance of this Act, in such Shares and Proportions as the said Commissioner shall direct, and the Shares of such of them as shall be Tenants of their Estates in Fee-simple, shall be paid to them respectively, and the Shares of the other Proprietors in such Surplus Money shall be applied in Manner directed by the said Act, in Cafes where any Money is to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, or any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the same Uses.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the several Allotments herein Allotment directed to be made to the said Rector, and his Successors, shall be in full be made to Sarisfadion and Discharge of and from all Tithes both great and small, be^iiof° and all Modules and other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments whatsoever, all his Tithes. (Mortuaries, Easter Offerings, and Surplice Fees excepted), iflfuing, ari-

ling, renewing, or payable to the said Rector, and his Successors, from and out of such of the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and enclosed, and out of such of the several Meflua-ges, Tenements, Gardens, Orchards, and old Inclosures, lying and being within the said Parish of Kirk-Smeaton, for which such Satisfaction or Compensation shall have been made in Manner aforesaid.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That until the Exe- Rector to be cution of the Award to be made by the said Commissioner, or until such entitled to other Time previous thereto, as the said Commissioner shall, by Writing Tithes, until under his Hand, direct or appoint, and until Satisfaction and Compenfa- ^Compen-tion shall have been made as aforesaid, the said Rector and his Successors fation. ‘ shall be entitled to, and shall have, receive, and enjoy all his and their respective Tithes, in such Manner as he and they respectively could or might

have had, received, and enjoyed the fame, in case this Act had not been made.

2>97°

Authorizing the Cotnaiiffior.er tn make Ex.

Expends of Exchanges and Partitions to be paid by the Parties interred.

For suspend-

ffuishing

Common

Rights.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That when the Proprietor or Pro-piietors of any Lands or other Hereditaments, which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act, shall hold their Paid respective Lands or Hereditaments by different Tenures or for different Estate?, or under different Titles, the Paid Commissioner shall, upon the Request of such respective Proprietors, in Writing under their Hands, ascertain and distinguish the Lands or other Hereditaments held by each of such Tenures for each of such Estates, and under each of such Titles respectively, and shall, accordingly in his said Award, set out and distinguish diffinct and several Allotments for such respective Lands or other Hereditaments.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner to set out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish of Kirk-Smeaton, in lieu cf and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within that Parish, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, or Township, so as all such Exchanges be afeerrained, specified, and declared in the said Award of the said Commissioner, and be made with the Consent of the respective Owners or Proprietors, or Cejiui qne Trujls, being beneficially entitled for not less than a Life Effate of and in the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable and other Uses, Elufbar.ds, Committees, or Attornies of, or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who, at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges, shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, (such Consent to be teffified in Writing under the common Seal of any Corporation aggregate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parlies respectively); and that all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent of the Patron thereof, and the Bishop of the Diocese, respectively teffified as aforesaid.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Coffs,' Charges, and Expenses attending the making and completing any Exchanges and Partitions, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making any such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner, and in such Proportions, as the said Commissioner shall order and direct.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered, at any Time or Times before the Execution of the said Award, by giving Thirty Days’ Nofice in Writing, under his Eland, to be affixed upon the Doors of the Parish Church oi Kirk-Smeaton aforesaid, such Notice to be given previously to Old Lady Day, and otherwise not until after Old Midsummer Day, in any Year, to order and direct all or any Part of the Rights of Common in, over, and upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds or any Part thereof, to beextinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended, for and during such Time as shall be expressied in fudi Writing j and that

all

2971

4.S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

all Tccfi Rights of Common as the said Commissioner shall, by such Writing, order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall, from the Time of affixing such Writing on the said Church Doors, cease, determine, and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof be suspended accordingly, any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Authorizing and for any Person or Persons beneficially interested in the said Inclosure

(other than and except only the said Rector for the Time being, and those th-ir Alloc-to whom Allotments or Allotment may be made in trull for any College, ments before Chapel, School, Hospital, or other public Use or Charity), at any Time ll‘c Award, before the Execution of the Award to be made by the said Commissioner, to fell, or mortgage, or convey all or any Part of such Estate, Right, Title,

Interest, Lands, Allotments, and Property as he, she, or they now have or hath, or shall or may hereafter have in or to any Right of Common in or upon the said Common Fields, Waite and other Commonable Lands, or in or to any Allotment or Allotments to be made in respect thereof by virtue of this Act separate and apart from the Estate in Right whereof he, flie, or they is, are, or shall be so entitled or interested } and that in case of any such Sale previously to the Execution of such Award, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, at the Request of the Vendor or Vendors, signified in Writing to the Commissioner, under the Hand or Hands of such Vendor or Vendors, to allot the fame at once and directly to the Purchaser and Purchasers thereof respectively, who shall and may immediately thereupon have, hold, use, and enjoy the Allotment or Allotments purchased by him, her, or them as aforesaid, in as full, large, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and upon the fame Tenure as the Vendor or Vendors thereof could or might have done and held the fame in case such Sale had not been made, but subject nevertheless to the several Rules, Orders, Condi-diiions, and Restrictions contained in or authorised by this Act; and that the Expenses attending such Sale or Sales shall be paid by the Purchaser or respective Purchasers when and as the Commissioner shall order and direct.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, en- Allotments titled in Fee-simple to any Allotment or Allotments of the said Open that may hap-Fields and other Commonable Lands, shall, by any Writing under his, pent® be fold her, or their Hand or Hands, to be delivered to the said Commissioner at °£e any of his Sittings previously to preparing the Draft of his Award, signify lotted to the that he, she, or they hath or have fold and disposed of his, her, or their Purchasera Allotment or Allotments to any Person or Persons to be named and de- jv Awf'd* feribed in such Writing, and shall desire the lame to be set out, allotted, ra wa‘ and appointed to the Person or Persons so purchasing the fame, the said Commissioner, in every such Case shall, and he is hereby authorised to set

out, and allot, and appoint the said Allotment or Allotments of the Person or Persons who shall have given such Notice, to the Person or Persons mentioned in such Notice to be the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and such Allotment and Allotments, so fold and disposed of, shall in every such Case, from and after the Execution of the said Award, become, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be veiled in Fee-simple in the Person or Persons to whom the same shall have been by such Notice in

Writing

2972

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

Writing as aforesaid so signified and declared to be sold and disposed of and his, her, and their Heirs and Assigns, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Fencing the

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Plot or Plots of Land lot meats which hi Manner aforesaid shall be allotted to the Rector of Kirk-Smeaton

for his Glebe Lands, and Tithes of or belonging to the said Rectory, shall be inclosed and fenced round the Boundaries thereof with Ditches and Quickset Hedges, or other proper Fences, to be made in such Time and Manner, and at the Expen fe of such of the Proprietors of the Lands and Tenements to be exonerated from Tithes by virtue of this Act, and in such Proportions as the said Commissioner shall direct; and the said Commissioner shall direct what Parts and Proportions of the said Fences shall belong to and afterwards be kept in Repair by the said Rector, and his Successors, and the other Proprietors of Allotments respectively; and the several other Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act shall be inclosed, hedged, ditched, and fenced, at the Expense of the respective Proprietors to whom such Fences shall be allotted or directed to belong, with Quicksets, and in such other Manner, and within such Time as the said Commissioner shall, by his said Award, or^any other Writing under his Hand, direct or appoint.

For deter-

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the mining Commissioner, at any Time previous to the Execution of the said Award, Rack*Rent *n C2i'es where he in his Discretion shall deem it necessary or expedient for the due Execution of this Act, by any Writing or Writings under his Hand, to determine and make void all or any of the Leases, or Agreements for Leases, at Rack Rent, or from Year to Year then subsisting, of all or any Part or Parts of the Lands or Grounds in the said Parish of Kirk-Smeaton which are hereby directed to be divided and allotted, and which shall be exonerated from Tithes respectively by virtue of this Act, and of all other Lands and Hereditaments demised, or agreed to be demised by or comprised in such Leases and Agreements respectively, either as to the whole, or as to some Part or Parts only of the Hereditaments comprised in such Leases and Agreements respectively, and at such Time or Times in the Year as the said Commissioner shall in his Discretion think most convenient and expedient, according to the Circumftar.ces of the Cafe; and in all Cafes where any such Leases or Agreements shall be so determined as aforesaid, the said Commissioner shall ascertain and declare whether any, and what Sum and Sums of Money in gross ought to be paid, or any and what Deduction or Abatement in the reserved Rent or Rents ought to be made by the Lessors or Landlords, to the Lessees or Tenants, as a Compensation or Satisfaction for such total or partial Determination of their respective Leases or Agreements; and such Sums in gross and reduced Rents, so ascertained and declared as aforesaid, shall respectively become payable or commence at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioner shall direct and appoint; and all such Sums in gross shall be charged upon the Lands in respect of which the same shall be payable, and shall and may be levied and recovered in like Manner as is herinafter provided or mentioned with respect to the levying and recovering the Expenlcs of passing and executing this Act; and all such reduced Rents shall, after the Commencement thereof, be payable and reco-vcrable in like banner as the Rents originally reserved would have been 2t payable

2973

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

payable and recoverable if this Act had not passed; and in all Cafes where such fubfilling Leases or Agreements shall continue, as to the Whole or any Part or Parts of the Hereditaments therein comprised, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner in like Manner to ascertain and declare whether any and what additional Rent or Rents ought to be paid by the Lessees or Tenants to the Lessors or Landlords for or in respect of any Improvement in the annual Value of the Hereditaments comprised in such Leases or Agreements respectively, by reason of the fame being divided and allotted, exonerated from Tithes, and exchanged respectively by virtue of this Act; and such additional Rents so ascertained and declared as last aforesaid, shall commence at such Time or Times as the said Commissioner shall direct and appoint, and shall afterwards be payable and recoverable in like Manner as the Rents originally reserved would have been payable and recoverable if this Act had not passed; and it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner in like Manner to settle, ascertain, and declare the Course of Husbandry to be used by such Lessees or Tenants during the Remainder of their subsisting Leases or Agreements in all Cafes where they shall deem it necessary and proper so to do.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of Commission-this Act, until the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioner, all ^uhte^he the Open and Common Fields hereby directed to be divided and allotted Cultivation*1 shall be subject and liable to such Directions and Regulations as the said of the Lands Commissioner shall, from Time to Time, by Writing under his Hand, until the Di-appoint, as well with regard to the flocking as to the ploughing, folding, vlUon* tilling, fovving, and laying down the fame; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner to order and direct such Sum and Sums of Money in respect thereof to be paid by any Person or Persons imerested in the said Open and Common Fields, his, her, or their Tenant or Tenants, as he, the said Commissioner, shall think reasonable, and also to afiefs the Value of the Crops, Seeds, Manure, and Fxpenfes of Dref-sings, Ploughings, and other Working of the Arable Lands, to be divided and inclosed in pursuance of this Act, and to direct what should be paid, and by whom, for and in respect thereof, as in the Cafe between Outgoing and Incoming Tenants; and in case any Person or Persons who shall be directed to pay any Sum or Sums of Money, on any of the Accounts aforesaid, shall negied or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, to raise and levy the lame for the Use and Benefit of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Costs, Charges, and Fxpenfes of obtaining and executing this Act, in case the Money arising by the Sale of such Lands as aforesaid shall be insufficient for such Purposes, may be raised and levied.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the Direaing the' said Commissioner, in Manner directed by the said former Act, shall. Award to be within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months from the Execution thereof, enrolled.

be enrolled in the public Register Office at Wakefield, in the said West Riding of the said County of York\ and the Registrar of the said Office, or his Deputy, for the Time being, is and are hereby directed to cause the said Award to be enrolled in one of the Books used for enrolling Bargains and Sales of Lauds in the said Office accordingly, and a true Copy (to be signed by the said Commissioner) of the Map or Plai*annexed to such Per.J 33 H Award,

4.8" GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

Award, shall be also lodged at the said Register Office at the Time of the Enrolment of the said Award, and there kept for ever; and the said Award, together with the Map or Plan thereto annexed, shall, immediately after the Enrolment of such Award, be put into and kept in a Tin Box, and be lodged for safe Custody in the Pari (It Church of Kirk-Smeaton aforesaid, for ever, for the Inspection and Perusal of the several Persons interested therein, or their respective Agents, (who shall be at Liberty to inspect and peruse the fame, on Application for such Purpose, at all seasonable Times), and to make Copies or Ext rafts therefrom and the said Registrar shall be entitled to such Fees for the Enrolment of the said Award as he is entitled to for enrolling any Bargain and Sale; and the said Registrar, or his Deputy, for the Time being, shall permit any Person or Persons whomsoever, from Time to Time, within the Office Hours of Attendance, to peruse the Enrolment of the said Award at the Register Office, and to inspect and examine such Copy of the said Map or Plan, paying for the same, to such Registrar or his Deputy, One Shilling, and no more; and shall, from Time to Time, upon Eequest to him made, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, cause a true Copy of the Whole, or any Part or Parts of the Enrolment of the said Award, to be made and written out from such Enrolment, and shall from Time to Time, when requested, certify the fame, under his Hand, to be a true Copy from such Enrolment; for which the said Registrar, or his Deputy, making the same, shall be paid after the Rate of Four Pence per Sheet, reckoning Seventy-two Words to each Sheet, and r.o more: and the said original Award, or a true Copy of the Enrolment thereof, or any Part thereof,'so certified under the Hand of the said Registrar, or his Deputy for the Time being, as aforesaid, shall from Time to lime, be allowed and admitted as legal Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

XXXI!. And be it further enacted, That no Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs shall be kept on any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act out of the said Open and Common Fields, Commons and Wafts Grounds during the Space of Seven Years next alter the Execution of the said Award, mile Is the Person or Persons so keeping the same shall first at his, her, or their own Expence, make and maintain a Fence sufficient to guard the young Quick Fences round such Allotments from being cropped, hurt, or damaged by such Cattle, Sheep, or Lambs, whether such Quick Fences be planted or fer by the Owners or Occupiers of such Allotments as aforesaid, or by the Owner or Occupier of the Allotment or Allotments adjoining thereto.

XXXII!. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioner who shall act in the Execution of this Act, shall be allowed and paid the Sum of Three Guineas for each Day he shall actually attend and be employed as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, or shall necessarily travel from Home to attend his Sittings, or when returning Home after having attended such Sittings, in full Satisfaction for his Trouble and Expencea in the Execution of this Act.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and

Experices of soliciting and pa fling this Act, and of surveying, admeasurino, ami valuing, as well the said Open and Common Fields, Paitures, Commons, Wafl.es, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed ie be divided and‘allotted,.as the said inclosed Lands and Tenements hereby

directed

2 9 75

4.8° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

directed to be exonerated from Tithes, and of dividing and altering the fame Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, and of forming and making the public Roads, public or common Drains, Sewers, Water-courses, Watering Places for Cattle, Wells, Bridges, and other Conveniences which shall be set out by virtue of this Act, and of making such Exchanges as aforesaid, and of preparing and enrolling the said Award, and all other the Gods, Charges, and Expenses of the said Commissioner, and of the several Persons employed by him, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, in, about, or concerning the Execution of this Act,' and not herein otherwise directed to be paid, Avail be paid, borne, and defrayed by the King’s Majesty, and all other the Owners of, or Persons interested in, as well the fame Open and Common Fields, Failures, Commons, Wastes, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which Avail be respectively exonerated from Tithes, and exchanged by virtue of this Act (except the Rector of Kirk-Svisaton, in respect of the Glebe Lands and Tithes, of or belonging to the said Rectory,) in proportion as near as may be to their respective Estates and Interests (due Regard being had to the Expences occasioned by each Person’s Estates, and also to the Value and Improvement thereof,) and the Shares and Proportions of the said Colts, Charges, and Expences to be borne by the said respective Owners and Persons interested, Avail be settled and ascertained by such Commissioner, and Aiall be paid to such Person or Persons, at such Time or Times either before or after the Execution of the said Award, as the said CommiAioner Avail direct or appoint by Writing, under his Eland, affixed on the principal Doors of the Pat ifiv Church of Kirk-Smea-ion aforesaid; and in case any Person or Persons Avail refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion of the said Colts, Charges, and Expences, according to such Direction or Appointment as aforesaid, the said Cofovmissioner Avail and may raise and levy the same, by such Remedies, Ways, and Means, as are provided or mentioned in and by the said Act of the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it Aiall and may be lawful Tenants for to and for the ITufbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, or Attornies to

of any of the Owners or Proprietors of any of the Lands hereby authorised Charge their to be divided or allotted, or of any inclosed Lands within the said Estates with Parillv, being under Coverture, Minors, Lunatics, beyond Seas, or under the Expences any other Disability, and for any of the said Owners or Proprietors being Tenants in Tail, or for Life, or Lives, or Years determinable on a Life ce'rU^ Re-or Lives, or on any other Contingency, or otherwise interested as afore- Unctions, said (except the Rector of the said Parish of Kirk-Smeatoii) to charge such Lands and Premises with such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Commissioner Avail by Ms Award, or by Writing under his Hand, either before or after the Execution of such Award adjudge necessary to pay and defray the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining this Act and carrying the fame into Execution, and of charging the said Lands as aforesaid, so that the fame Avail not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds for every Acre of such Lands, and to grant, mortgage, lease, or demise, or othei wife, subject the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be charged unto such Person or Persons as Avail advance and lend the fame respectively, his, her, or their Executors,

Administrators,

29.76;

Proprietors to pay their

wn Ex-fcnees at

Money advanced for puffing the Act to be repaid with

Tei

> be of the

they were

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 152.

Administrators, and Affirms, for any Term or Number of Years; or in case any Person in Possession who shall or may be liable to and^ charged with a Share of the Expences as aforesaid, or enabled by this Act to charge such Lands with the fame, shall choose to advance, pay, and discharge such Sum or Sums of Money, then it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner by any Deed or Writing under his Hand and Seal, to be attested by Two or more credible Witnesses, in like Manner to grant, mortgage, surrender, lease, demise, or otherwise subject the said Lands and Premises to such Person or Persons respectively paying and discharging the fame, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns for any Term or Number of Years to and for the Payment of such Sum and Sums of Money so advanced, paid, and discharged by him, her, or them, with lawful Interest for the fame, to commence on the Termination of his, her, or their Right in the Premises; so that every such Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise, be made with a Proviso or Condition to cease and be void, or with an express Trust to be surrendered or re-assigned when such Sum or Sums of Money thereby to be secured shall be fully paid and farisfied, and also with a Covenant to pay and keep down the Interest, so that no Person or Persons afterwards becoming possessed or entitled to any such Lands and Premises shall be liable to pay any further or larger Arrear of Interest than for Six Calendar Months preceding the Time when the Title to such Possession shall have commenced, and that every such Charge, Grant, Mortgage, Lease, or Demise shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, for the Purposes thereby intended.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Proprietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences, when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioner, at any Sitting to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Money which shall be advanced or lent for the Purpose of obtaining and passing this Act shall be repaid, with lawful Interest, to the Person or Persons who shall advance or lend the fame, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, out of the first Monies which shall be raised for defraying the Expences of passing and executing this Act.

XXXVIII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be respectively allotted and exchanged by virtue of this Act, shall, upon the Allotment and Exchange thereof respectively, go and remain to the fame Persons for the fame hftates and Interests, and to the fame Dies, upon the fame Trusts, and to and for the feme Intents and Purposes, and be under and subject to the fame Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, Conditions, Covenants, Agreements, Debts. Charges, Incumbrances and Provisions of every Kind, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments, in respect whereof the fame Lands, 'Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall be respectively allotted and exchanged, would belong or hand, or be limited to or upon, or subject unto, if such Allotment and Exchange thereof had not been made, or this Act had not been pa fled, but such Allotments shall, nevertheless, be subject to such Charges and Incumbrances thereon as shall be made in pur-luance of this Act.

at

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 152. 2977

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall, Commioa. and he is hereby required to keep, or cause to be kept, a just and true cri; to ac' Statement and Account of all Sums of Money which shall be raised or 000 ' received and laid out, or expended by him or his Order, or for his Use, under or by virtue or in the Execution of this Act, and of what shall be due and owing to him lor his own Trouble or Expences, and shall truly and regularly enter all the Particulars of such Statements and Accounts, in a Book to be provided for that Purpose; and such Accounts shall, at least once in every Year from the passing of this Act, till such Accounts shall be finally allowed, together with the Vouchers relating to the fame, be examined and lettled by Rickard Paver, of Kirk-Smeaton aforesaid.

Clerk, who is hereby appointed Auditor for that Purpose; and in case of his Death, or Refusal to ad, by such other fit and proper Person as shall be appointed Auditor in his Stead, by the Majority in Value of the said Proprietors, at a Meeting to be holden in like Manner as is hereinbefore directed with respect to the Meeting of the said Proprietors, for the Purpose of appointing a Commissioner in the Place of the said William Whitclock; and such Auditor for the Time being shall from Time to Time state in Writing under his Hand the Balance of the said Accounts, in such Book as aforesaid; and that no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or be valid in Law, unless the lame shall be duly allowed by such Auditor; and also that such Book of Accounts shall be kept at the Office of the Clerk of the said Commissioner, and shall be open to the Inspection of any of the said Proprietors or their Agents, at all reasonable Times during the Progress of the said Division and Inclosure, and until the said Accounts shall have been finally settled and allowed; and in case the said Commissioner or his Clerk shall refuse or neglect so to do. the Commissioner and Clerk respectively so refusing or neglecting, shall for every such Refusal or Neglect, forfeit and pay to any Person who shall sue for the same, the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster} by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Po -.cV to ap-think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of the said Act of the Forty-firit Year ot His present Majesty, or of this Act, (other than and except such Claims, Matters, and Things as are by the said Act or this Act directed or authorised to be ascertained, settled, tried, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, or where by any of the Provisions of the said Act or this Act, the Determinations, Acts, or Proceedings of the said Commissioner are directed to be final and conclusivej, he, she, or they may appeal to any General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which shall be holden for the West Riding of the County of York, within Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, giving Notice, in Writing, of every such Appeal, by affixing such Notice, expressing the Cause of Complaint, upon the principal Door of the Parish Church of Kirk-Smeaton aforesaid, Twenty Days at least before such General or Quarter Sessions; and the Justices of the Peace assembled at such General or Quarter Sessions, or at any subsequent General or Quarter Sessions to whicti the said Justices shall adjourn any such Appeal, either for the want of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, or for any other Cause which to the said Justices shall seem a sufficient Cause to adjourn such Appeals are hereby authorised to hear and deter-[loc. y Per. j 33I—K mine

2978 48° GEORGII lit. Cup. 153.

mine the fame, and to make such Order therein, and award such Damages and Costs as to them, in their Discretion, shall seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant, to levy the Damages and Costs which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties awarded to pay the lame, rendering the Overplus, (if any), upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, alter deducing the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale; and the Order and Determination of the said Justices upon such Appeal, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any Process or Writ whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

How Notices

XLI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Notices necessary giyen° and requiftte to be given by the said Commissioner in pursuance of the said Act or this Act, (except such as are otherwise particularly directed by this Act) shall be given by Advertisement in the Doncaster Gazette, if then publifiled; if not, then in fame other Newspaper or Newspapers printed and circulated in the said County of York.

General XLII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs

av,ng* and Successors, as well in Right of his Crown, as of his Dutchy of La.i-caster; and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, (other than and except the King’s Majesty, and the respective Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments of Land, or other Compensation, shall be made or provided by virtue of this Act, and his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, and also all Persons in Remainder claiming or to claim under such Person or Persons, in respect of the Interest or Property for which such Allotment or Compensation shall be made, and except such other Rights and Interests as the Intent and Purposes of this Act shall require to be barred, destroyed, or extinguished) all such Estates, Rights, and Interests as they or any of them had or enjoyed, of, in, and to or in respect of the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed, before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had or enjoyed, if this Act had not been made.

This Act to

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the the^Kin^ ^"nter to King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so Printer!8 printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 180&.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 153.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Borough and Parish of ‘Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, and for vetting the after or latter Math of a Meadow called Severn Ham, within the said Borough and Parish, in Trustees for certain Purposes.

[30th yune 1808.]

WHEREAS there are within the Borough and Parish of Tewkf-bury in the County of Gloucester, a certain Open and Common Field called Oldbury Field, and certain Common Meadows called Oldbury Meadows, Lilly Croft, and Lilly Croft Meadow, and also a large Open and Common Meadow called Severn ham: And whereas the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the Borough of Tewkesbury aforesaid are Lords of the Manor and Borough of Tewkesbury aforesaid: A nd whereas the King’s most Excellent Majesty, in Right of His Crown, is Patron of the Vicarage of Tezvkesbury, and Robert Knight Clerk is Vicar of the said Vicarage: And whereas the said Robert Knight as Vicar of the said Vicarage is entitled to certain Pieces or Parcels of Land situate is the said Field called Oldbury Field, containing together about One Acre and Three Quarters, which are Part of the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed: And whereas the said Robert Knight is or claims to be in his own Right Impropriator of the Great and Small Tithes yearly arising, renewing, and irtcreasing out of and from Part of the said yield called Oldbury Field, and the said Meadows galled Oldbury Meadows; and John Dipper Gentleman is or claims to be Impropriator of the Great Tithes of Part of the said Meadow called [Lee. & Per ft 33 L Severn

2986

General In clofme Ait

4«U. j . cj

Commi Hi c rs.

Election of new Conui «onxrs*

48° Georgii III;- Cap';oft.

Severn Ham: And whereas the said Robert Knighti Henry Fqwlk Esquiret the Governors of the Free Grammar School in Tewkejhuty, and others, are the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds within the said Field called Oldbury Field, and the said Meadows called Oldbury Meadozvs, Lilly Croft, and Lilly Croft Meadow, or some-or one of them; and Thomas Tkwdefwell Esquire, the Right Honourable George Earl of Fffex, die Honourable Henry Augustus Berkeley Craven, and others, are '.he Owners and Proprietors of the Lands within the said Meadow called Severn Ham; and the Properties of the said several Proprietors in such Field and Meadows are very much intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and inconveniently situated, and are therefore incapable of much Improvement in their present State: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for corfdidating *c tn One Act certain Provisions ttfually inserted in Acts cf Inclosure; a?id for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Facts usually required on the puffing of such AMs: And whereas the Burgesses or Freemen of the Borough of Tewkesbury aforesaid, resident within the said Borough, for the Time being, and the Occupiers for the Time being of certain Houses situate within the said Borough, are entitled to a Right of Common for a limited Number of their own Cattle only, in, over, and upon the said Field c.rtled Oldbury Field, when the fame is not fov/n with Corn or Grain, in the Meadows called Oldbury Meadows, Lilly Croft, and Lilly Croft Meadow, from the Fourth Day of Septe?nber to the Second Day of February, both in-clulive, and in the said Meadow called Severn Ham, from the Twelfth Day of August to the Thirteenth Day of February in every Year, both inclusive: And whereas the Rights of Common on. the said Field, Meadows, and Lands, have become of little Value to the several Persons entitled to Rights of Common thereon, and it would be highly advantageous to all Parties interested therein, if such Rights of Common were altogether extinguished, and the said Field, Meadows, and Lands exonerated from Tithes upon a full Compensation being made for the fame, and if such Field, Meadows, and Lands were divided and allotted, and if the fame (except the said Meadow called Severn Ham) were inclosed, and if the after or latter Math of the said Meadow called Severn Ham were inverted in Trustees for the several Purposes herein-after mentioned: But as such Purposes cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Thomas Fulljanrs, of Hasfield Court, in the Parish of Hasfield, in the County of Gloucester, and Thomas Smith, of Cheltenham in the same County, Gentlemen, and their Successors, to be eleebed in Manner hereinafter mentioned, /halt be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for dividing and allotting the said Common Fields, Meadows, and Lands, and for inclosing the fame (save and except the said Meadow called Severn Ham) and for carrying into Execution trie several Powers and Authorities given to them by virtue of this Act, and also such of the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Clauses, and Provisions contained in the said recited Act passed in the Forty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as are not varied, altered, or otherwise provided for in and by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Thomas Fulljames and nf* Thomas Smith? or either of them, or any Person or Persons to be nomi-10 nated

4.8* GEORGII UL Cap. 153. 2987

nated and appointed by virtue of this Act a Commissioner or Conwriissioners in his, their, or Neither of their Room or Stead, ft all die, refuse to ad, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of this and the said recited Act. then and in every such Case the major Part in Value of the Persons intereste'i in the said Division, Allotment* and Inclosure re-, ipedively, who stall be present at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose within Thirty Days next after any such Death, Refusal, or Incapa-^ city as aforesaid (of which Meeting at lead Ten Days previous Notice stall be given in the Borough of Tewkesbury aforesaid, and inferred in fame Newspaper or Newspapers piinted and circulated within the said County of Gloucester), shall and may by any Instrument or Instruments in Writing under their Hands nominate and appoint another Person or Persons (not interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclosure respectively) to be a Commissioner or Commissioners (as the Case may be) in the Room or Stead of such Commissioner or Commissioners so dying, refusing to ad, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid; and every Commissioner so to be nominated and appointed as aforesaid stall, after taking the Oath prescribed in that Behalf, have the like Power and Authority for carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Regulations, and Restrictions as if he had been originally nominated a Commissioner in and by this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if either of the said'

Commissioners hereby appointed stall refuse or neglect to atiend at tfaeTcommhfion-First Meeting directed to be holden for carrying this and the said recited p* to attend Ad into Execution, and duly qualify himself by taking the Oath by the said recited Act prescribed in that Behalf, or if either of the said Commissioners, pcmtmemi-or their Successors to be appointed as aforesaid, stall at any Time after the said First Meeting wilfully absent himself from any Two following fuc-cellive Meetings appointed to be holden by virtue of this Act (such Meetings being known to him either by his being present at the Appointment thereof, or Notice thereof in Writing having been given to him or left ar His last or tifual Place of Abode by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, and such Commissioner not being prevented by Sickness or other reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the other Commissioner, from attending at such Meetings); cr if any Commissioner, to be nominated and appointed in Manner by this Act directed, stall not attend and qualify himself to act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this and the said recited Act, at the First Meeting after his Nomination or Appointment (such Meeting to be appointed by the surviving. or remaining Commissioner for carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution) or stall thereafter wilfully, absent himself from any Two following successive.Meetings to be holden by virtue of this Act (such Meetings being known to him either by his being present at the Appointment thereof, or Notice thereof in Writing having been*given to him, or left at his last or usual Place of Abode, by the Clerk or Clerks, to the said Commissioners, and such Commissioner not being prevented by Sickness or other realcnable Gauf '. to be allowed by-the oilier Gonimifitcner, from attending at such Meetings), then and in every such Case such Abfeiice or Non-attendance shall be deemed, and taken-to be a- Refusal - toad within the Intent and Meaning of this Act.

2988 4-8' GEORGII III. Cap. i53.

Appointment IV. And, for the Purpose of settling and determining any Dispute of BiiTerenre that may ariie between the said Commissioners, touching or concerning any Matter or Thing to be by them done or executed in purfu-arceof the said recited Act and this Act; be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, by any Writ, ing under their Hands, to nominate feme Person (not interested in the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure respectively) as an Umpire; and all Differences and Disputes that may arise between the said Commissioners, touching or concerning any of the Matters or Things to be by them done or performed in the Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, or either of them, dial’ be by them referred to the said Umpire; and in case such Umpire so nominated or appointed by the said Commissioners, shall die, refuse, or neglect to act as such Umpire, within the Space of Fourteen Days after Application made to him for that Purpose, or shall become incapable of acting in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to nominate and appoint, by any Writing under their Hands, any other Person (not interested in the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure respectively) to be such Umpire; and so from Time to Time, as often as any Person so nominated and appointed an Umpire shall die, refuse, or neglect to ad, or become incapable of acting in the Execution of this Act; and if the said Commissioners shall differ or disagree in Opinion as to the Person so to be appointed an Umpire as aforesaid, or whenever any such Appointment of an Umpire shall be necessary, shall neglect or refuse to appoint the fame for the Space of Two Calendar Months, then and in every such Case the major Part in Value of the Persons interested in the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure respectively, who shall be present at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose (of which Meeting the like Notice shall be given as is herein-before directed in Cafes of Meetings for the Appointment of anew' Commissioner or Commissioners) shall and may by Writing under their Hands, nominate and appoint some other Person ^not interested in the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure respectively) to be such Umpire as aforesaid; and every such Umpire, so nominated and appointed, is hereby authorized and required to hear and determine all such Differences and Disputes; and the Judgment and Determination of the said Umpire therein shall be deemed, considered, and taken to be the Determination of the said Commissioners, and shall be final and conclusive upon the said Commissioners, and upon all other Persons concerned in the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure respectively, so far as the Judgements and Determinations of the said Commissioners are in such and the like Cafes by the said recited Act or this Act declared to be final and conclusive.

Umpire 10 be V. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capa-fwonu ble of acting as an Umpire in the Execution of this or the said recited Act until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to say)

I A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, ‘ 1 according to (he best of my Skill and judgement, execute and per-e form the several Powers and Authorities veiled and reposed in me as an

Umpire, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty.eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, {here Jet forth the Title of this

‘ AcTj

4-8" GEORGII III. C&pi. 153. 2989

‘ 48] according to Equity and good Conscience, and without Favour or c Affection, Prejudice or Partiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever,

'So help me GOD.

Which Oath the said Commissioners, or either of them, are and is hereby authorized and required to adminider to the said Umpire; and the several Writings appointing such new Umpire or Umpires shall be added or annexed to, and inrolled and deposited with, the Award of the said Commissioners, and a Copy of the Inrolment thereof shall be admitted as legal Evidence.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to give or cause to be given publick Notice in ‘ some Newspaper or Newspapers printed or circulated within the said County of Gloucester, and also Notice in Writing signed by them, by affixing or causing to be affixed the fame on One of the principal outer Doors of the Parish Church of Tewkesbury aforesaid, on some Sunday immediately before Divine Service, of the Time and Place of their First and every subsequent Meeting for executing the Powers of the said recited Act and this Act,

Fourteen Days at halt before every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted); and all Meetings of the said Commissioners mill be holden within the said Borough of Tewkesbury and in case both of the said Commissioners shall not attend at the Time and Place appointed for any such Meeting, dr to which such Meeting /hall-be adjourned as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioner who shall attend, and to and for the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, in case neither of the said Commissioners shall attend, to adjourn such Meeting to any future Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days from the Day of such Adjournment, to be holden at the same Place, or at some other Place within the said Borough, as to the Commissioner,

Clerk or Clerks, making such Adjournment, shall seem most convenient; and the said Commissioner, Clerk or Clerks, making such Adjournment, is and are hereby required to give Notice to the abi'ent Commissioner or Commissioners Ten Days at lead before the Day appointed for Rich Meetings.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all other publick No-

tices necessary or requisite to be given by the said Commissioners, in pur- g[^a.° fuance of this or the said recited Act, and the Manner of giving which is not hereby particularly directed, shall be given by Advertisement in the Newspapers called The Gloucester Journal and Gloucester Herald, or One of them if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper printed or circulated in the said County of Gloucester.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Inclosures or Encroachments Encroach-which at any Time within Twenty Years now lad pad have been-made upon the said Common Field, Meadows, and Lands, shall be deemed Part i i <i deeme.i thereof, and shall be divided and allotted accordingly as Part thereof; and in case any Disput? or Difference shall arise touching any such Inclosure or Encroachments, or the Extent thereof, such Dispute shall be determined by the said Commissioners.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Persons intereded or chiming to be intereded in Dilutes.

[Loti Perl] 33 M the

*996

Commission-award ^ofts.

Parties may try their Rights by an 111 ire at Law.

48° GEORGII III. Cap'. 153.

tTit said Common Field, Meadows, and Lands, or in any Part or Parts thereof, or in the said Division or Allotment, or touching or concerning the Telpe(Stive Rights and Interests which they, or any of them, shall have or claim to have in over, and upon the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed respectively by virtue of this Act, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division, Allotment* and Inclosur.e respectively, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissionersv and they are hereby authorized and empowered to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize or empower the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any MeiTuagCs, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to theul in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Colts, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Coils and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled 3 and in case the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Coils and Charges, shall. neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Coils and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Coils and Charges attending: such Distress and Sale. '

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons* Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division, Allotment, and Inclcfure, respectively, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners, or of the said Umpire, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of the Right to the Soil of the said Common Field, Meadows, and Lands, or of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests, in, over, or upon the said Field, Meadows, and Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed respectively, or any Part thereof, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, so dist'atisiied, to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matters so determined by the said Commissioners, or by the said Umpire, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the County of Gloucester 3 and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners,

2^1

48*- GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

milTioners, or of the said Umpire, shall eause an Action or Adion316 be brought upon a feigned Iiiue, against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, in whose Favour such Determi* nation shall have been made, wiihirl Six Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners, or of the said Umpire; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, Ihe, and they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto or file common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Issues, whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infilled on, may be tried and determined (such llfue or Ilfuts to be settled by the proper Officer or Officers of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall let aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, as is usual in other Cafes, and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Coir.miilioners shall and they are hereby required to ad in Conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such new Trial or Trials: Provided always, that in case the Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire, touching any Claim or Claims, or any Rights of Common, or other interests in, over, or upon the said Field, Meadows, and Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed respectively, or any Part thereof, shall not be objected to, or being objected to, such Action or Actions at Law shall not be brought and proceeded in within the Time, and in the Manner for that Purpose mentioned, such Determination shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

XII. Provided always, and be it further, enacted, That no such Dif- Actions not ference, Suit, Action, or Proceeding, as aforesaid, nor any Difference, pryce’djng3 Suit, Action, or Proceeding, touching or concerning the Title to any of Commar-Lands, Tenements* or Hereditaments, shall impede, delay, or hinder "oners*

the said Commissioners from proceeding in the Execution of the Powers vested in them by the said recited Act and this Act; but the said Division,

Allotment, and Inclosure respectively shall be proceeded in notwithstanding such Difference, Suit, Action, or Proceeding.

XIII. Provided always*, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have parties before been made, and against whom any such Action or Actions might have Aefiem* been brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall fJ^Vo be have been brought, and before' the Expiration of the Time herein-before carried on limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it Avail be lawful for the f" thd/nd' Person or Persons, Bodies Politick ov Corporate, who might have brought Names, such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons lo dying, to bring the fame within the Time so limited as aforesaid against such Person or Persons as if actually living* and to serve the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners with Process for commencing such Action or Actions in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall therein also be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs dr other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determi-2 nation

J99*

P«rfons in Post'eflion not to be molested without due Courl'e of Law,

For making D.aini, FeuCei/ Sec.

Such Proportion of Ex-

Comniilfioners shall direct

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

nation as aforesaid to appear, and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living, and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, Thal nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any such Parties, except in Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of Twenty Years, as herein-before mentioned; but in case the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion against the Rights of the Person or Persons so in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession IE; 11 have been given up or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or other due Course of Law.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to set out, appoint, order, and direct all such Arches, Ditches, Fences, Common Drains, and Water-courses, as they shall think useful and necdTary to be made in, through, or upon the said Field, Meadows, and Lands hereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed respectively, and of such Dimensions, with such Materials, and of such Depth and Width, and in such Directions as they shall think proper j and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required, in and by their Award, to order, direct, and appoint by whom and at whose Expence, at what Times and in what Manner, the said Arches, Ditches, Fences, Common Drains, and Water-courses shall be made, and thereafter repaired, scoured, cleansed, and maintained.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Lease or Leases to be made by virtue of the said recited Act of the said Land in the said Field called Oldbury Field, or of any Allotment to be made to the said Vicar in lieu thereof, in Right of his Vicarage, shall be good, valid, or effectual, unless the Consent of the King’s most Excellent Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as Patron of the Vicarage of Tewkesbury aforesaid, shall be had and obtained thereto previous to the Execution of such Lease or Leases.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Owners and Proprietors of, and Persons interested in the said Field, Meadows, and Lands to be divided, allotted, inclosed, or exonerated from Tythes respectively, or of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be exchanged by virtue of this Act, shall pay, bear, and defray such Part or Proportion of the Colts, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and of preparing and depositing the said Award, and of the Copies thereof, and of surveying, admeasuring, planning, valuing, draining, dividing, fencing, allotting, and inclosing the said Field, Meadows, and Lands to be divided, allotted, and mclosed respectively by ▼irtue thereof, and of all the Charges of the said Commissioners, their Assistants, and Servants, and of all the other necessary Expences of the Several Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners in and about the said Field, Meadows, and Lands, and of all the Expences of forming, completing, and repairing the publick Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said Commissioners, to, over, or upon the said

Field,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

Field, Meadows, and Lands (not hereby otherwise provided for) to such Person and Persons, and at such Time and Times, either before or after the Execution of the said Award, as shall be settled, adjusted, determined, and directed by the said Commissioners by any Writing under their Hand.-?, to be affixed on One of the principal outer Doors of the Parish Church of Tewkesbury aforesaid, on some Sunday, at least Ten Days before the Time appointed for Payment thereof, and the Determination of the said Commissioners shall be final and conclusive; and if any or either of such Owners or Proprietors, or Persons aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to pay his, her, or their Share or Proportion, or respective Shares or Proportions of such Charges and Expences, or any Part thereof, within the d ime to be limited by the said Commissioners for the Payment thereof, to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby authorized, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause the same to be levied by Dilb efs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the Coils and Charges of taking and felling such Distress; or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to enter into and upon the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, and to receive and take the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof respectively, until thereby or therewith, or otherwise, the Share or Shares, Proportion or Proportions of the said Coils and Charges so to be directed, ordered, or appointed by the said Commissioners to be paid by such Person or Persons as aforesaid, and also all the Coils, Charges, and Expences occasioned by or attending such Entry upon, or Perception of, the Rents and Profits of the fame Premises, shall be respectively paid and satisfied: Provided always* that the Proprietors of Lands in the said Meadow called Severn Ham shall not, as such Proprietors, be liable to the Payment of any Part of the Expences of inclosing the said Field called Oldbury Field, and the said Meadows called Oldbury Meadows, Lilly Croft, and Lilly Croft Meadow, or any or either of them.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required, after setting out the several Roads and Ways in Manner directed by the said recited Act, to set out, allot, and award unto and for the said Robert Knight, or the Person or Persons being Impropriator or Impropriators of the Great and Small Tythes yearly arising, issuing, renewing, and payable out of and from such Part or Parts of the said Field called Oldbury Field, and of the said Meadows called Oldbury Meadows, as is or are subject and liable to the Payment of Tythes to the said Robert Knight, as such Impropriator as aforesaid, such Plot or Plots (Part of the Land so subject to Tythes as aforesaid, or of other Lands in the fame Field and Meadows belonging to the fame Proprietors) as in the Judgement of them the said Commissioners (Quantity, Quality, and Situation conHdered) shall be equal in Value to One-fifth Part of the Arable or Tillage Lands, and One-ninth Part of the Meadow or Pasture Lands so subject to Tythes as aforesaid; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be and be deemed and taken to be, and shall be had and hoi den by the said Robert Knight or the Person or Persons being such Impropriator or Impropriators as aforesaid, for and in lieu of, and [Loc. & j?et\\ 33 N as

Allotment In lien of Great nd Small Tythts of Tali:, Me Psits of O Id-la.:rv Field and Meadows.

2994

Allotment in lieu of Great Tythes of Tythable Pa; t of Severn

Tythe Allotment in Old-bur^1 to be

48" GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

as a Compensation and Satisfaction for all the Great and Small Tythes arising, issuing, renewing, and payable out of or from such Part or Parts of the said Field called Oldbury Field, and of the said Meadows called Oldbury Meadows, as is or are subject and liable to the Payment of Tythes to the said Robert Knight as such Impropriator as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in the next Place set out, allot, and award unto and for the said John Dipper, or the Person or Persons being Impropriator or Impropriators of the Great Tythes yearly arising, issuing, renewing, and payable out of and from such Part or Parts of the said Meadow called Severn Ilam, as is or are subject and liable to the Payment of Great Tythes to the said John Dipper, as such Impropriator as aforesaid, such Plot or Plots (Part of the Lands so subject to Tythes as aforesaid), or of other Lands in the fame Meadow belonging to the fame Proprietors, as in the Judgement of them the said Commissioners (Quantity, Quality, and Situation considered) shall be equal in Value to One-ninth Part of the Lands in the said Meadow called Severn Ham., so subject to Great?Tythes as aforesaid; and such Allotment or Allotments shall be and be deemed and taken to be, and shall be had and holden by the said John Dipper, and the Person or Persons being such Impropriator or Impropriators as aforesaid, for and in lieu of, and as a Compensation and Satisfaction for all the Great Tythes arising, issuing, renewing, and payable out of and from such Part or Parts of the said Meadow called Severn Ham, as is or are now subject to the Payment of such Tythes to the said John Dipper, as such Impropriator as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds so set out, allotted, and awarded for and in lieu of and as a Compensation and Satisfaction for such Great and Small Tythes respectively as aforesaid, shall be limited, settled, and assured, to, for, and upon such and the fame Estates, Uses, Trflfts, Limitations, Intents, and Purposes, as such Great and Small Tythes respectively shall Hand limited, settled, and assured, and be subject and liable to at the Time of making such Allotments respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of making and keeping in Repair, for the Space of Seven Year's, the Boundary Fences for the Inclosing and Ring-fencing the Allotment or Allotments to be set out to the said Robert Knight, or such Impropriator or Impropriators as aforesaid, in lieu of the said Great and Small Tythes arising, issuing, and renewing out of and from such Part or Parts of the said Field called Oldbury Field, and of the said Meadows called Oldbury Meadows, as is or are subject to the Payment of Tythes to the said Robert Knight (except on such Part or Parts as the said Commissioners shall order and direct to be fenced by some other Proprietor or Proprietors) shall be deemed and considered as Part of the Expences of carrying this A Cl into Execution, and be borne and paid accordingly, by the Persons respectively interested in the said Inclosure.

Allotment in

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, i;eu of Rights ancj they are hereby required, in the next Place, to mark and set out such on Oldbury Part or Parts of the said Field called Oldbury Field, and of the said Meadows &c. called Oldbury Meadows, Lilly Croft, and Lilly Croft Meadows as will in the 8 Judgement

2995

48° GEORGII IN. Cap.

Judgement of the said Commissioners be equal in Value to the Rights of Common in, over, and upon the fame, by this Act directed to be extinguished; and the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby p,t th?reef authorized and required, to fell fin such Allotment or Allotments as to forcing them shall seem right and proper,) to any Person or Persons for the best 'oportion of Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame, by publick Auction or Ejtl,cnces' Auctions to be holden for that Purpose (of which Auction or Auctions respectively Six Weeks previous Notice shall be given) such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds so marked and fetout; as will by the Sa’e thereof, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, raise Money sufficient to defray and discharge the Residue and Remainder of the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and putting the several Powers thereof into Execution as aforesaid, which shall not be directed by the said Commissioners to be paid by the Proprietors of the said Field, Meadows, and Lands; and the Person or Persons so purchasing the fame at such publick Auction, shall immediately pay (by way of Deposit) into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they shall direct and appoint, One-tenth Part of his, her, or their Purchase Money, and pay the Remainder thereof within Six Calendar Months next after the said Sale, or ai such other Time as the said Commissioners shall appoint; and in Default thereof the Money so deposited shall be forfeited, and shall be applied in carrying this Act into Execution; and the Allotment or Allotments for which the Whole of such Purchase Money should not have been so paid, or for which there shall be no Bidding at such Auction, shall be again put up for Sale, and sold by publick Auction, in Manner aforesaid, for the best Price or Prices that can be gotten for the fame; and every Allotment for which the full Purchase Money shall be paid, shall immediately thereupon be absolutely discharged of and from all Common and other Rights thereon or therein, and be veiled in Fee Simple in and be inclosed and thenceforth held in Severalty by such Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, as his, her, or their private and absolute Property, and shall be allotted accordingly by the said Commissioners; and the Purchase Money shall be applied by the said Commissioners in defraying such Proportion of the said Costs, Charges, and Expences, as the said Commissioners shall not, as aforesaid, have directed to be paid by the Proprietors of the said Field, Meadows, and Lands.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case such Part or Parts of Applieatiou the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be sold as herein-before bnurplus mentioned, shall be sold for more Money than will be required to defray 1

such Proportion of the said Costs, Charges, and Expences, then and in such Case such Surplus Money shall be paid to the Trustees herein appointed, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, to be by them applied in the same Manner, and for the fame Purposes, as the Rents and Profits of the Allotment or Allotments herein-after directed to be made to them, and as the Rents and Profits of the After or Latter Math of the said Meadow called Severn Ham, are in and by this Act directed to be applied; Deficiency and in case the Money to be raised by the Sale of the Hid Lands and £e Grounds herein directed to be sold, shall be insufficient to defray such Proportion of the said Gofts, Charges, and Expences, the Deficiency thereof shall be by the said Trustees paid out of the First Monies to be received

by

2996

Remainder of

Allotments'»

lien of Right* efCou.monon Oldbury, &c. and also the Afterma h of Severn Ham, veiled

tinguish

Rights of Common.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 153-

by them by virtue of this Act, from the Rents and Profits of the salt} Allotment or Allotments herein-after directed to be made to them, or of the After or Latter Math of the said Meadow called Severn Ham.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissionert; shall then allot and award the Residue and Remainder of such Part or Parts of the said Field called Oldbury Held, and of the said Meadows called Oldbury Meadow, Lilly Croft, and Lilly Croft Meadow, hereby directed to be marked and let out as aforesaid, unto the Trustees by this Act; nominated and appointed, or the Survivors of them, by the Name and Style of ‘ lhe ‘ Trustees for the Burgesses or Freemen, and principal Householders of ‘ the Borough of Tewkesbury, in the County of Gloucester, appointed by an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of the Reign of King George the Third,’ and such Land and Ground, so set out and alloLted, and also the After or Latter Math of the said Meadow called Severn Ham, shall be, and the same are hereby declared to be, vested in the said Trustees and their Successors, to be appointed by virtue of this Act, for ever freed and discharged of and from all Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, which any Person or Persons could or might have in or to the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon such Trulls nevertheless, and to and for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as are mentioned, expressed* or declared of and concerning the same in and by this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and di* rested, at any Time or Times before the Execution of the said Award by Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon One of the principal outer Doors of the Parish Church of Tewkesbury aforesaid, to order and direct the Rights of Common in, over, and upon the said Common Field, Meadows, and Lands, or any Part thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended; and that all such Rights of Common as the said Commissioners shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall, from the Time of affixing such Writing on the said Church Door, respectively cease, determine, and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof be suspended accordingly; any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish of Tewkesbury, in lieu of and in exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet, Township, or Place, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable

997

48‘ GEORGII

III. Cap. 153.

ritable or other Purposes, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Owners or Proprietors as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes* covert, Lunaticks, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, hiaifelf, or herself, such Consent to be testified in Writing under the common Seal of the Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and eft'ectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent (testified as aforesaid) of the Patron thereof, and of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged, shall lie and be situated.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall advance Money ad-and pay any Money in Discharge of the Expences of obtaining and exe-curing this Act, the Money so paid and advanced shall be repaid and satis- Interdt. fied by the Direction of the said Commissioners, together with lawful Interest for the same.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That once at least in each and Account?, every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of passing thereof) the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received or expended, or due to them, for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account whenfo made, together with the Vouchers thereto, shall be by them laid before One of His Majesty's Justices for the Time being for the said County of Gloucester, to be by him examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Justice stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk or Clerks of the said Commissioners; and no Charge or Item in such Account shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Pro- Proprietors prietors, their Attornies " and Agents, shall pay and defray their own cwn^xpence Charges and Expences when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this or the said recited will*nts^noT" Act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to revoke, make toece affected, void, alter, or annul, any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debts, or Incumbrances, out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands or Grounds to be divided, allotted, inclosed, or exchanged, in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, but that the respective Persons to whom any Lands or Hereditaments shall be allotted or given in Exchange by virtue of this Act, shall be seised thereof to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject [Loc. 1$ Per.J 33 0 to

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Charges, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Messuages, Buildings, l.ands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof such Person was seised or possessed at or immediately before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, or for which or in respect whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, could have been subject to, charged with, or affected by, in case this Act had not been made.

dc^ofitccf3 be

XXXI. And it further enabled, That the Award to be made by the said tc Commissioners, when inrolled in Manner directed by the said recited Act, shall be deposited among the Records of the Borough of Tewkesbury aforesaid.

Appeal.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this or the said recited Act (other than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners as are by the said recited Act or this Act directed to be final or conclusive, and except in such Cases where an Ifiiie at Law is herein-before directed to be tried), then and in every such Case he, she, or they may-appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Gloucejkr within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners, and the Party or Parties concerned, 'Pen Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the Justices (not interested in the Premises) at their said General Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and award such Costs and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and by their Order and Warrant to levy the Costs and Charges which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at WeJi-minster, or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then and in such Case the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and be levied in Manner aforesaid.

"Gfnfeva! XXXIII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and to all

every Person and Persons, and Bodies Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Adminiflra-tor3. all such Rights, Title, and Interest (other than and except such as is and are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished), as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed or exercised, or ought to have had or enjoyed or exercised, of, in, 10, or out of the Field, Meadows, and Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, or inclosed, in case this Act had not been made.

2998

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Bailiffs, principal Burgesses, High Steward, Recorder, Justices, Town Clerk, Coroner, and Chamberlain of the Borough of Tewkesbury in the County of Gloucester, and their Successors for the Time being, Christopher Codrington and Charles Han* bury Tracy Esquires, Jacob Allis, Thomas Andrews, Isaac Butterfield, John Burrows, Charles Banafier junior, Joseph Buckle, Samuel Barnes, Thomas Caddie, John Clarke, George Dumble, Robert Edwards, William Scale Evans, Thomas Eafihope, John Eafihope, Henry Hooper Fryer, Mojes Goodere, James Gorle, Nathaniel Flartland, John Allis Hartland, John Doddridge Humphreys, Benjamin Holland, Thomas Holland, Samuel Healing, William Hughes Grazier, William Hughes Hosier, Abraham Harris, John Jenkins, Robert Knight Clerk, John Kedwards, Omwell John Lloyd, William Lloyd, Thomas Dawson Lewis, William Martin, John Martin, William Moore, Charles Moore, Edward Moore, yo/w Moore Maltster, John Mayo, Thomas Osborne, William Proffer Clerk, Henry Prior, George Prior, William Proffer, Nicholas Player, Daniel Hook Pargitter, Edward Redded, John Richardson, Thomas Spiisbury, James Spilsbury, John Stephens, Thomas Jelf Sandilands, William Smith, Robert Smith, John Terrett junior, Isaac Turner, Samuel Turner, William Thomas, Daniel Trotman, William Vevers, Andrew Woollams, Henry White, Henry Welling, Thomas Whithorn, Matthew Wright and Thomas Waldron, being qualified as herein directed, and their Successors to be elected as herein directed, shall be and they are hereby declared to be Trustees for carrying into Execution the several Powers and Authorities given and granted to or vested in them by virtue of this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Act of the said Trustees shall be or be deemed to be good, valid, or effectual, unless the fame be done at some Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (except as may be herein excepted), and that all the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted to the said Trustees, shall and may be exercised from Time to Time by the major Part of them who shall attend at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act (the Number of Trustees present at such Meeting not being less than Five); and all the Orders and Proceedings of the major Part of the said Trustees present at such their several Meetings shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the lame were made or done by all the said Trustees for the Time being (save and except as may be herein excepted); and at every Meeting of the said Trustees, a Chairman shall and may be appointed; and when and as often as it shall so happen that there shall be an Equality of Votes at any such Meeting upon any Question (including the Vote of the Chairman), then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Chairman to give the decisive or calling Vote.

- 999

Trustee;«

No Act valid unless at a Meeting.

XXXVI. And be it farther ensiled, That when and so often as any Eitction of Trustee hereby appointed, or who may be appointed in pursuance of this J1 Truf-Act, (save and except such several Persons as are herein appointed by reason or by virtue of their respective Offices) shall die, or desire to be discharged from, or decline to ait or become incapable of ailing in the Execution of the Trulls of this Act, it shall be lawful for the other of the Trustees for the Time being, or any Five or more of them, to elect One other Person fbeing a Burgess or Freeman, or a principal Houftholder of the said Borough, and who would have been entitled to Right of Common in, over, and upon the said Field, Meadows, and Lands, if this Act had hot passed into a Law) to be a Trustee n the room of each Trustee so

3000

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

dying, desiring to be discharged, declining or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid, so that Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Election shall be affixed upon One of the principal outer Doors of the Parish Church of Tewkesbury aforesaid, at lead Fourteen Days before every such Meeting; and every Person who shall be so elected is hereby inverted with the fame Powers of putting this Act in Execution as the Persons into whose Places they respectively shall be chosen were inverted with.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall happen at any Time after the passing of this Act, that more than Six Months shall be suffered to clapfe after the Death, Discharge, or declining to act of any Ten or more of the Trustees appointed or to be appointed in pursuance ol this Act, (except such several Persons as are herein appointed by reason or by virtue of 'their respective Offices) without an Election of a sufficient Number of Trustees in the room of such Trustees so dying, being discharged, or declining to act as aforesaid, being made according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, then and so often it shall and may be lawful to and for the Burgesses or Freemen, and such principal Householders of the said Borough who would respectively have been entitled to Rights of Common in, over, and upon the said Field, Meadow's, and Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed respectively as aforesaid, if this Act had not parted into a Law, or the major Part of them, at a Meeting to be held from Time to Time for that Purpose, to elect and appoint such a Number of Burgesses or Freemen, and principal Householders of the said Borough for the Time being who would respectively have been entitled to Rights of Common as aforesaid if this Act had not parted into a Law, to be Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid, as will be sufficient to supply the then Vacancies; and Notice- of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election, shall, by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees for the Time being, be given by such Clerk or Clerks at least Thirty Days before such Meeting; and in case such Clerk or Clerks shall neglect or refuse to give such Notice, the same shall and may be given by ary Ten or more of the Persons who would respectively have been entitle- to Right of Common in, over, and upon the said Field, Meadows, and Lands, if this Act had ot parted into a Law; and the Trustees so *0 be appointed shall and may ad in all Respeds, and as effectually, and wit. such and the fame Powers and Authorities, as if they had been elected in Manner herein-before mentioned.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless at the Time of his acting the rein, ire shall have or be seised of in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, and be in the actual Possession, Enjoyment, or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of a Real Estate in Law or Equity of the clear yearly Value of Thirty Pounds above Reprizes, or be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate to the Amount or Value of Six Hundred Pounds; and every Person shall, before he acts as a Trustee, take and subscribe the Oath or Affirmation following, before any Two or more of the said Trustees (who are hereby empowered to administer ther fame) in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say) 4

I A.B. do swear, [or9 being One of the People called Quakers, do 4 A solemnly affirm] that I am truly and bond fide in the actual Possession#

Enjoyment, and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tene-

New Trustees may be elected by the Persons

rot been made by acting Trustees.

Oath.

3001

480 GE OR GII III. Cap. 153.

ments, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Thirty Pounds above Reprizes, or posselfed of a Personal Estate to the Amount or Value of Six hundred Pounds, and that 1 will faithfully, honestly, and

impartially, according to the best of my Skill and Judgement, execute and perform the several Trulls, Powers, and Authorities veiled and reposed

in me as a Trustee by virtue of an Act made in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of George the Third, intituled [here insert the Title of this 4 A0\ without Favour or Affection, Malice or Prejudice, to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.*

And if any Person, not being so qualified, shall act as a Trullee in the penalty for Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence not

forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who M shall sue for the same in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor than that such Person had acted as a Trullee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of Ail Acts of any Person or Persons acting as a Trullee or Trustees in the Execution of 'I®1

this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid previous to his or their done before being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Convic- y^"t|, Icuon, tion, be as good, valid, and effectual, as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trullees as Trustees may are or shall be Justices of the Peace shall and may, in their respective Ju- necxtc" L^4^’ rifdidions, and they are hereby empowered to act as Justices of the Peace intSfted."6 in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trullees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said Trullees shall hold their pirft Meeting First Meeting at the Town Hall or Tolfey in the said Borough, on the of the Tral-Fourth Monday next after the passing of this Act, between the Hours of toes*

Ten in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon; and in case none of the said Trustees shall attend at such Meeting, then such Meeting shall be and be deemed to be adjourned to the next Day (Sunday, Good Friday, Christmas Day, and Fall Days and Thanksgiving Days by Proclamation only excepted, and then to the next following Day), and so toties quoties, until a sufficient Number of Trustees shall attend at such Meeting, to ad in the Execution of this Act, or until a Trullee or Trustees shall attend so as to adjourn such Meeting; and the said Trullees shall and may at such Meeting, and at their several Meetings to be holden for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, from Time to Time adjourn themselves, and appoint their next Meeting to be holden there, at such Time as to them shall seem proper; and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear at any such Meeting a sufficient Number of Trullees to ad in the Execution of this Act, the Trullee or Trustees then present, or the Clerk or [loe. &Per.~] 33 P Clerks

3002 48° GEORG II III. Cap. 153.

Clerks to the said Trustees, shall from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, adjourn Rich Meeting to feme other Day within One Calendar Month then next following to be holden at the same Place, and the said Clerk or Clerks shall cause Notice thereof to be given by him Seven Days Jefra Their ^e^ore l^e Day to which such Meeting shall be so adjourned; and the said ownExpen. Trustees shall at their several Meetings defray their own Expences; and ets. no Person shall be capable of acting as aTrustee in the Execution of any

of the Powers hereby granted who is a Victualler, or fells Ale, Wine, Cyder, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail, or who shall hold any Place of Profit under this A cl.

Meetings on

XLI. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of Emergencies. any Meeting as aforesaid, it shall at any Time be thought necessary that a Meeting of the Trustees should be appointed on an earlier Day than the Day to which such Meeting shall have been adjourned, then and in such Case the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees (an Order in Writing signed by Five or more of the said Trustees, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such earlier Meeting, being given to him or them, or left at his or their last or usual Place or respective Places of Abode) shall forthwith give Notice of such earlier Meeting in Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees, such Time not being less than Seven Days after such Notice; and all the Proceedings of the said Trustees at such earlier Meeting, shall be as good and valid as they would have been in case the said Trustees had met in pursuance of any Adjournment,

XLII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Appointment, or Proceeding, made at any Meeting of the Trustees holden in pursuance of this Act, shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless at a Meeting to be holden for that express Purpose, and at which Nine Trustees at the least shall be present, nor unless Notice, specifying the Revocation or Alteration intended to be made, be given by their said Clerk or Clerks at least Ten Days before such subsequent Meeting, nor unless a Majority of Three of the Trustees present at such subsequent Meeting shall decide in favour of such Revocation or Alteration.

No Order to be revoked unless Nine Trustees shall be present, and a Majo-lity of Three

to Centered

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause to

be provided and kept a proper Book or Books, and fair and regular Entries to be made therein, of all their Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of all such Trustees as shall be present at their several Meetings; and all Entries in such Book or Books being signed by the Chairman and the Clerk or Clerks then present, or either of them, shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allow ed to be read as Evidence in all Cafes, Suits, and Actions, touching or concerning any Thing done in pursuance of this Act; and such Book or Books shall at all of the Meetings of the said Trustees be open and liable to the Inspection of all and every of the said Trustees, and of all other Persons having any Right or Interest in the said Meadow called Severn Jfam, or who would have been entitled to any Right of Common on the said Field, Meadows, and Lands, if this Act had not passed into a Law;

and

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

and that any of the said Trustees, and all such other Persons, shall and may have and take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy not exceedino-Seventy-two Words, the Sum of Sixpence, and so in Proportion for any greater or let's Number of Words.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to appoint One or more Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and also One or more Hayward or Haywards, and such other Officers and Persons, for the Execution of the several Powers and Authorities given and granted to the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, as they the said Trustees shall think proper, and from Time to Time to remove such Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Haywards, Officers, and Persons respectively, as they shall see Occasion; and out of the Monies to be received by them the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, to allow and pay such Salaries, Wages, and Allowances to the said Officers and other Persons as the said Trustees shall think reasonable; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take such sufficient Security from every such Treasurer or Treasurers, and other Officers, for the due Execution of his or their Office, as they shall think proper; and all such Officers so to be appointed, shall under their Hands, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, deliver to the said Trustees. or to such Person. or Persons as they shall appoint, true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtu^ of this Act; and also of all the Monies which shall have been by tuch Officers respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of this Act, and how much thereof hath been expended and disbursed, and for what Purpose, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments; and shall pay all fuel) Monies as shall remain due from them respectively to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and such Treasurer or Treasurers shall in the Month of March yearly, or at the First Meeting of the said Trustees then next following (although not thereunto required by the said Trustees) lay his or their Accounts before the said Trustees, in order that the fame may be audited, passed, and allowed, if approved of by them.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That whenever any Action shall be brought by the Order of the said Trustees against any Person or Persons by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, the fame may be brought in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, or in the Name of any One of the said Trustees, on Behalf of the said Trustees; and no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person or Persons in whose Name or Names the same shall be brought, nor by the Act of such Person or Persons, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting to be holder, in pursuance of this Act; but no such Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, or Trustee, or any or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any Costs or Expences on Account thereof; but all such Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act collected or received by the said Trustees.

Trustees so

anoint Officers, ami

theai Salaries.

Trustees to take Securi y

Treasurer.

Officers to account.

Treasurer to ally.

Artions to be he brought in the Name of the Treasurer oa Clerk, nr One of the Trustees, who are not liable to the Payment of Costs.

3

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them, at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, and they are hereby empowered to let and set annually the said Allotment or Allotments, and also the After or Latter Math of the said Meadow called Severn Jiam, so respectively allotted and awarded to and vested in them as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, at the bell and mod improved yearly Rent or Rents that can be reasonably had or obtained for the fame; and also to let and set the After or Latter Math of the said Meadow called Severn Ham in Padures for Horses, Cattle, and Sheep, to different Persons, at such Rates, and subject to such Rules and Regulations, as they the said Trustees, or any Nine or more of them shall (subject to the Reductions in this Act contained) from Time to Time appoint, or by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to lease or demise the said Allotment or Allotments, or any Part or Parts thereof, and also the After or Latter Math of the said Meadow called Severn Ham, (subject to such Restrictions as aforesaid) to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for any 1 erm or Number of Years not exceeding Twenty-one Years at any one Time, to commence in Pod'eflion and not in Reversion, or by way of future Intered, so that in every such Lease there be referred and made payable to the said Trustees for the Time being, their Treasurer or Treasurers, by Four equal Quarterly Payments in every Year, the bed and mod improved yearly Rent or Rents that can be reasonably had and obtained for the fame respectievly, without taking any Fine, Premium, or Foregift, in condderation of granting such Lease or Leases, and so that in every such Lease or Leases there be contained the usual Covenants and Stipulations between Lessors and Lessees, and such other Covenants and Stipulations, and such Security for the Performance of the same as the said Trustees, or any Nine er more of them, at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, shall think most proper to be inserted therein; and the Rents and Profits arising from the said Allotment or Allotments, and from the After or Latter Math of the said Meadow called Severn Ham, mall, from Time to Time, be applied and disposed of in Manner by this Act directed.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees, their Tenant Or Tenants, Lessee or Lessees, to dock or depadure at any Time or Times whatsoever, on the said Meadow called Severn Ham, any Horses of His Majesty's Regiments of Dragoons, or any Bulls or Pigs; and that from the Tenth Day of OBaber to the Twentieth Day of November in every Year, it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees, their Tenant or Tenants, Lessee or Lessees, to dock or depadure any Horses or Neat Cattle on the said Meadow called Severn Ham, unless there shall at the same Time be docked or depadured thereon Three Sheep at the lead for every Acre of which the said Meadow called Severn Ham confids; and that from the Twentieth Day of November to the Thirteenth Day of February in every Year, it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees, their Tenant or Tenants, Lessee or Lessees. io dock or depadure any Horses or Neat Cattle whatsoever on such Meadow, but that the same shall annually, during the said lad mentioned Period, be docked or depadured with Sheep exclusively.

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

XLVIII. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be continued to extend to authorize or empower the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands in the said Meadow called Severn Ham, their Tenant or Tenants, LetTec or Lessees respectively, to flock or departure any Horses, Cattle, or Sheep whatsoever on such Meadow or any Part thereof, between Hay Harvest and the Day on which the fame would have become subject to Common if this Act had not passed into a Law, but that from the Time the Grass to grow thereon shall be annually mowed or cut, the said Meadow shall, as heretofore, remain unftocked until the Time the fame would have become subject to Common as aforesaid; nor to authorize or empower the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, of the Lands in the said Meadow called Severn Ham, their Tenant or Tenants, Lessee or Lessees respectively, to mow or cut the Grass or Herbage annually to grow thereon after the Twelfth Day of July in any Year after the passing of this Act, if the same shall have been eaten off or grazed by the Horses, Cattle, or Sheep, of such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, or of their Tenant or Tenants, Lessee or Lessees respectively, in the preceding Part of the same Year, but that the Grass and Herbage to grow upon such Part or Parts of the said Meadow, which shall have been so eaten off or grazed as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said Twelfth Day of July in every such Year, be verted in the Trustees by this Act appointed, their Tenant or Tenants, Lessee or Lessees respectively, and be ibid, applied, and disposed of by them in the same Manner, and to and for the fame Intents and Purposes, as the Rents and Profits of the said Allotment or Allotments, and the After or Latter Math of the said Meadow called Severn Ham is and are hereby directed to be sold, applied, and disposed of.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required, after Payment of all Coils, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the Execution of the several Powers to be by them exercised by virtue of this Act, in the Month of April in every Year, to pay and divide the annual Rents and Profits of the said Allotment or Allotments, and of the After or Latter Math of the said Meadow called Severn Ham, and also of all other Monies to be received by them under the Authority of this Act, unto and between such Burgesses or Freemen of the Borough of Tevekesbury aforesaid, and such Occupiers of Houses within the said Borough as would respectively have been entitled to Rights of Common, in, over, and upon the said Field, Meadows, and Lands, if this Act had not parted into a Law, according to their respective Rights and Interests.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall at their Meeting to be held in each Year for the Payment and Division of the Money*"by this Act directed to be paid and divided, cause an Account to be Hated and made up in as full, clear, and distinct a Manner as may be, of all Sums of Money by them or their Treasurer or Treasurers received the preceding Year, and how the fame have been paid, laid out, and expended, which Account shall be printed and distfibuted amongst the Inhabitants of the said Borough.

3005

Proprietors of Land* in H im not to flock the (amp after 11 ay Harvest.

Applications of Rents and Profits.,

Traftces to state and publish an annual Account.

3006 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 153.

Act to be printed by the ICing’* Printer.

LI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

gM

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 180S.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 154.

An Act for exchanging Part of the settled Eftites of the Right Honourable Francis Earl of Moira situate in Englandt for Part of the Estates of the Right Honourable Flora Mure Countess ot Loudoun his Wife, situate in Scotland, including the Castle of Loudoun.

[2d "July 180S.]

WHEREAS, by Indentures of Lease and Release bearing Date iofWu-e,

respectively on or about the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh a6

Dayt> of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, the recited/ Release being of Three Parts, and made or expressed to be made between the Right Honourable Francis then Earl of Huntingdon of the Firil Parr, the faiti Francis arl of Moira, by the Description of the Right Honourable Francis Lord Rawdm Baron Rawdon of Rawdon in the County of Tcrk Nephew of the said Francis Earl of Huntingdon of the Second Part, and David Lord Viscount Stormont and William Wildman Lord Vifccunt Barrington of Ireland of the Third Part; the Manors or Lordships or reputed Manors or Lordships of Loughborough, Barrow-upon-Soar, Whit wick. Ho ten, and Stoney Stanton, in the County of L eicester, and the Manor or Lordship or reputed Manor or Lordship of Melbourne in the County of Derby, and also the Liberty and Hundred in the County of Leicester, called L rcun-land Hundred, and the Forest called Charnwood Forest in the said County of Leicester, and divers other Manors, Advowsons. capital Messuages or Tenements, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments in the Counties of Lei-[Lee. & Per ~] 33 R cejier9

3QIO

Indenture, daUd Nov. j< *788, recited

Deed Poll, dated Jflly it 1789, item

Indenture, dated Ma:ch 24, 1801, recited.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. i^.

cefUr, Derby, Nottingham, and Dorset, were settled and allured (subject to certain Estates and Interest s which have determined or failed of Effect by the Death of the said Francis Earl of Huntingdon without Ilfue Male) to the Use of the said Francis Earl of Moira and his Assign^for his Life, with Remainder to the Use of Trustees during his Life^ iiVXEu/k to Preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the life- of ffre'First, Second and other Sons of the said Francis Earl of Moira successivdy in Tail Male, with Remainder or Reversion to the Use of the said Francis Earl of Huntingdon his Heirs and Assigns; and by the said Indenture of Release the said Francis Earl of Moira was empowered to charge the said Premises by Deed or Will with any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, with Interest not exceeding Five Pounds per Centum per Annum, and also to demise the said Premises for any 1 erm or 1'erms not exceeding One thousand Years, for better securing the Payment of such Money and Interest; and the said Francis Earl of Moira was also empowered to appoint by Deed or Will any Annual Sum not exceeding One thousand five hundred Pounds for any Woman or Women he should marry, for her, or their Lives, for her and their Jointure, and in Bar of Dower, and also to demise the Premises for any Term of Years to commence from his Death, upon Trull by Sale or Mortgage to raise for all and every his Child and Children other than ail Eidell ion, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, with Benefit of Sur-.vivorship amongst them: And whereas by Indenture of Three Parts, bearing Dare on or about the Twenty-sixth Day of November One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, and made or express d to be made between the said F ancis Earl of Huntingdon of the Fird Part, the said Francis. F.arl of Moira then Francis Lord Rawdon of t;.e Second Part, and Thomas Coutts of the Third Parr, the said Francis Earl of Moira charged all the aforesaid Estates with the Payment of the said Sum of Ten thouLnd Pounds and Inrereft, and did also, with the Consent of the said Francis Earl of Huntingdon demise, and the said F-ancis Earl of Huntingdon did demile ratify a id eonnrm all the said Estates unto the said Thomas Coutts, his Executors* Administrators. and Assigns, for the Term of One thousand Years, subject to a Proviso for ceasing me said Term on Payment of the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds and Interest; unto the said Thomas Coutts, his Executors, Adm mstrators or digits: And whereas by a Deed Poll indorsed on the last recited Indenture, under the Hand and Seal of the said Thomas Coutts, bearing Date cn or about the Twenty-fourth Day of July One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, the said Thomas Coutts did declare that the said Ten thousand Pounds in the last recited Indenture mentioned, was the proper Money of Archibald Kennedy Esquire of Percy Street Ratbbone Place, afterwards Earl of Cajffllis, and that his Name was used therein, in Trust only for the Use of the said Archibald Kennedy, hi» Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns: And whereas by Indenture bearing Date on or about the Twenty-fourth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and one, and made or expressed to be made between the said Thomas Coutts of the First Part, Jonathan Mallett of Bryamtone Street Mary-le-bone Esquire, One of the Executors named in the Will of the said Archibald then late Earl of Cajfill'ts, theretofore called Archibald Kennedy deceased, of the Second Part, the Honourable "John Kennedy of Cullean Castle Scotland, One of the Younger Sons and residuary Legatees named in the said Will of the said Earl of CaJJiLlis deceased of the Third Part, the said Francis Earl of Moira of the Fourth Part, and William Collins

-30 it

48° GEORGII III. Cap.ts 4.

Collins Jaekfen of Bath Esquire of the Fifth Part, the Reftduc of the said Term of One thousand Years in the said Estates comprized in the said tartly herein-before recited Indenture, and the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds thereon secured, have been assignedto and are now vetted in the said William Collins Jackson: And whereas by Indenture bearing Date on or indenture, about the Twelfth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, and Ju > i2» made or expressed to be made between the said Francis Earl of Moira of ' '"4‘ the Kirft Part, the Right Honourable Flora Mure Countess of Loudoun of the Second Part, the Right Honourable Charles Hope now Lord Justice Clerk in Scotland William Adam Esquireof the Third Part, and Thomas Sutton Esquire now Sir Thomas Sutton Unroriet, and J'Jcph Hill I fqurie of the Fourth Part, being the Settlement made previous to the Marriage then intended to be and which hath been fibre solemnized between the said Francis Earl of Moira and Flora Mure Countess of Loudoun, the said Earl of Moira, in Exercise of the Powers verted in him by the said Indentures of Lease and Release, did grant, limit, and appoint all the aforesardf Estates unto the said Charles Hope and William Adam for the Term of One hundred Years, to be computed from the Decease of the said Francis Earl of Moira, in case he should depart this Life in the Lifetime of the said Flora Mure Countess of Loudoun, upon Trust for securing a yearly Rent Charge of One thousand five hundred Pounds to the said Flora Mure Countess of Loirdoun for her Life; and by the said Indenture the said Francis Earl of Moira did also demise, direct, and appoint all the said Estates unto the said Sir Thomas Sutton and Joseph Hill, for the Term of Three thousand Years from the Decease of the said Francis Earl of Moira, upon Trust *o raise the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds for Portions for the Child or Children of the said Francis Earl of Moira, other than or btfides an Eldest or only Son entitled under the Uses of the said Indenture of Release: And whereas the said Francis Earl of Moira intermarried with-the said i lor a Mure Countess of Loudoun, on or about the Twelfth Day of July One thousand tight hundred and four, and has issue by her One Son only, born the Fourth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and eight, and an only Daughter an Infant of the Age of Two Years or thereabouts: And whereas the said Francis vviilefEsrl Earl ot Huntingdon duly made and published his last Will and Testament of M^m-ng-in Writing before the Date and Execution of the said recited Indentures ‘j£in;da,ed, of Lease and Release of the Twenty sixth and Twenty-seventh Days of Jt*9’ *7 9, May One thousand fevCri hundred and eighty-eight, namely, on the Ninth Day of August One thousand seven hundred and seventy-nine, and afterwards duly made and published a Codicil to hi> said Will bearing Date the FifthDay of February One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine,

but which Codicil did not notice or anyways afled the Reverfiun in bee of the said Estates comprized in the said first recited Indentures of Lease and Release, and the said Francis Earl of Huntingdon afterwards departed this Life in the Year One thousand seven hundred and eighty-nine, without having altered or revoked his said Will and Codicil, or without having republifned the fame, and by reason thereof intestate, as to the Reversion in Fee limited to or reserved by him as aforesaid: And whereas the foi$-Francis Earl of Huntingdon died without I flue, leaving the Right Honourable Elizabeth Countess Dowager of Moira, his Siller and Heir inquire at Law him surviving: And whereas by Indentures of Lease and Reltafe, d>tr,i 2«i& 3a bearing Date respectively on or about the Second and Third Days of October in the Year One thousand eight hundred and seven, the Release v 1 being

3012

48<’ GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

being of Three Parts, and made or expveffed to be made between the said Elizabeth Countess Dowager of Moira, Mother of the said Francis Earl of Moira of the First Part, the said William Adam of the Second Part, and the said Frmcis Earl of Moira of the Third Part, the said Fliazb&tb Countess Dowager of Moira did grant, release and convey divers Manors and other Hereditaments, being Part of the Manors and Estates comprized in the said Indentures of Lease and Release, or Settlement of the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Days of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, made by the said Francis Earl of Huntingdon, and comprizing the Manors and other Hereditaments mentioned or described in the Tirfl Schedule to this Act, subject nevertheless to such Estate and Interest as the said Francis Earl of Mora then had, or as the Issue Male of his Body, if he should happen to have any, should or might be entitled to under and by virtue of the said Indenture of Settlement, unto and to the Use of the said William Adam, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, in Trull for the said Francis Earl of Moira, his Heirs and Assigns: And whereas the said settled Estates comprized in the said First Schedule are inconvenient as a Family or settled Ellate, by reaion that they consist for the moll Part of fnrall and detached Farms and Tenements inconvenient for Management and Superintendance and let at final! Kent!?, rendering the Collection of them very expensive, and the said Rents are subject to considerable Deductions for Repairs of the Buildings on the Premises: And whereas the said Flora Mure Countess of Loudoun is the absolute Proprietor in her own Right, and by Way of separate Estate, of the Callle of Loudoun in the County of Ayr in Scotland, the ancient Seat and Residence of her Family, and of divers Lands, harms, and Hereditaments belonging to the fame Callle, and forming a very desirable Detnefne thermo; but the said Lands, Farms, and Hereditaments, are now subject to, or may be affected with or for the whole Debts or Engagements of the 1. id Flora Mure Countess or Loudoun and her Predectflors in the said Ellate, and such Callle is a principal Residence of the said Earl of Moira and Flora Mure Countess of Loudoun; and it will be a a great Benefit and Advantage to the Issue of the said Francis Earl of Moira and Flora Mure Countess of Loudoun, and an Encouragement to the Preservation of the said Callle and the Deintines to be annexed thereto, that the said Caffle and certain of the Lands. Farms, and Hereditaments of the said Flora Mure Countels of Loudoun in the said County' of Ayr, cf greater Value than the said settled Lltaies comprized in the said First Schedule to this Act annexed, afitr allowing for tire said Mortgage Debt of Ten thousand Pounds thereon, shall be settled or exchanged lor or in Lieu of the same settled Estates, and that the said Flora Miure Countess of Loudoun may take the fame settled Fffates, subject to the said Mortgage Debt cf Ten thousand Pounds as a continuing Charge thereon: but as such Exchange or Settlement cannot be accomplished without the Aid and Authority eff Parliament j wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said Iranas Earl of Moira and Flora Miure Countess of Loudoun his Wife, 011 Behalf of themselves and of their said Infant Children, most humbly pray Your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Aovice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Manors, etc. That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, so many and such fyecifieff iu of (he Manors or Lordships, Messuages, Farms, Lands, Tenements, and ths Firii scht- Hereditaments,

i

J

i

4

jt

K

Lt

J

U

C

is

0

R

i

i:

4

b

t

0

1

4.V GEORGII iri. Cdp.i54.

3013

Hereditaments mentioned and comprized in the said recited Indentures of dule annexed Lease and Release or Settlement of the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Lord

Days of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight, as are men- fci.naird jnd honed or enumerated in the said First Schedule to this Act annexed, with pl-^eTc. their and every of their Rights, Royalties, Easements, Members, and Appurtenances, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Issues, and Profits, of all and singular the fame Premises, shall be veiled in and settled upon the Right Honourable Charles Lord Kinnaird, and the Right Honourable Charles George Lord Arden, their Heirs and Assigns, to the Use of the said Lord Kinnaird and Lord Arden, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, discharged of and from all the Uses, Estates, Trusts, Powers, Provisoes, and Limitations, Remainders,

Charges, Declarations, and Agreements, by the fame Indentures of Lease and Release or Settlement, and the said Indenture of the Twelfth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, and the said Indentures of Lease and Reltafe of the Second and Third Days of October One thousand eight hundred and seven, limited expressed and declared of and concerning the same Manors and other hereditaments, other than and except the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds secured to the said Thomas Courts, and now due to the said William Collins Jackson on Mortgage as aforesaid, and the said Term of One thousand Years for feeuring the fame, and which Sum together with the Interest thereof shall from henceforth be, and be deemed a Charge on the Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the said First Schedule to this Act annexed, as the Fund primarily liable to the Payment thereof, and such Manors ami Hereditaments shall be in lieu of and in Exchange for the Castle, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments mentioned in the Second Schedule to this Act, and hereby vested in the said Charles Hope and William Adam, their Heirs and Assigns, upon Trull as hereinafter expressed.

II. Provided always, That nothing contained in this Act shall abridge But not to prejudice or affect any of the Securities or Remedies which the said William the Collins Jackson, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns would otherwise ^ejatkfon. have had or might have taken against the Estates comprized in the said Mortgage or against the said FrancisEzrl of Moira, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or any other Person or Persons, for the Recovery or in respect of the said Stun of Ten thousand Pounds, or the Interest thereof, or any Part thereof respectively, but all such Remedies shall remain and be in Force in the same Manner 'to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had not been made or passed.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Manors and other Iieredita- Manor(;> efc%

ments.comprized in the said First Schedule to this Act annexed, and hereby he h.-ld in vested in the said Lord Kinnaird, and Lord Arden, their Heirs and Assigns "^["5390,1

as aforesaid, shall be held by them, but subject to the said Mortgage for th* Counters Ten thousand Pounds and Interest, in Trult for such Person or Persons, ^"ppomu

and for such Ends, Intents, and Purposes, and under and subject to such.......*

Powers, Provisoes, Declarations and Agreements as the said Flora MureCoun-

tess of Loudoun, at any Time or Times1' hereafter and from Time to Time, as well when Covert as Sole, and notwithstanding her Coverture by her present or any future Husband, by any Deed or Deeds or Instrument or Instrumenfs in Writing, to be sealed and delivered by her in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses and attested by the fame Witnesses or by her last Will and Testament, in Writing, or any Writing in the Nature of or purporting to be her last Will and Testament, or any Codicil or Codicils thereto, to t

[Lee. & Per.]

33

3014 4&° GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

published, and declared by her in the Presence of Three or more credible Witnesses and atfefted by the fame Witnesses, shall either before or after the Time at which the Exchange hereby made shall become absolute (but subject nevertheless and without Prejudice to the Provision herein-after contained), direct, limit, or appoint, and in Default of such Direction, Limita-tation, or Appointment, and in the mean-time and until the same shall be made and take Effect, and from Time to Time, subject to such E(fates, Trusts, Charges, or Interests as shall have been made or created by the said Flora Mure Countess. of Loudoun, then in Trust: for the said Flora Mure Countess of Loudoun, her Heirs and Assigns, as and for the separate Estate of the said Flora Mure Countess of Loudoun, apart from her present of any future Husband, and free from his Centrads intermeddling or Engagements. '

Trust,

The Cn.'tTe iv. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the etc! men-?> passing of this Act, all and singular the Castle, Farms, Lands, and Here-

tioneit 11 ihe ditaments mentioned and enumerated in the said Second Schedule to this 5ulenvefledVrt- Ad annexed, together with their Rights, Royalties, Members, Easements, c. H.pe and and Appurtenances, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and

- 1 Remainders, Rents, Iifues and Profits of all and singular the fame Pre-

mises, shall be absolutely freed and discharged of and from all the present Estate, R ight. Title, Interestr Claim and Demand of her the said Flora Mure Countess of Loudoun and her Heirs, and be vested in and settled upon the said Charles Hope and William Adams, their Heirs and Assigns, upon . Trust to convey, settle, and allure the same to and for such Uses and Estates, and under and subject to such Charges (other than and except the said Mortgage Debt of Ten thousand Pounds and the Interest thereof, and the said Term of One thousand Years for securing. the fame,) as would at the Time of such Settlement, by virtue of the several herein-before recited-Indentures or any of them have been subsisting of and concerning the said Manors, Farms, Lands and Hereditaments comprised in the said First Schedule to this Act annexed, in case this Act had not passed, or as near thereto as the Laws of Scotland, and the Deaths of Parties and other Circumstances will admit.

Ceur.teH so V. And be it further enacted, That in order effectually to vest the faits execute I),-eds- baffle, Lands, Farms, and Hereditaments comprised in the said Second for ertcernally Schedule to this Act annexed in the said Charles Hope and William Adam Jf ,ch and their Heirs and A (Tigris in Trust as aforesaid, the said Flora Mure j^awie, etc. in Countess of Loudoun and her Heirs, shall be obliged, and (he or they are Titiftece. hereby required to execute all such Deeds, and do-all such Acts and Things as shall be deemed requisite for that Purpose, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, containing all Clauses, usual and requisite, and for that End it (hail- be lawful for the said Charles Hope and William Adam and their Heirs to apply to the said Court by furamary Petition, to be served upon the Did Flora Mure Countess of Loudoun or her Heirs, and in case of her or their Absence from Scotland, on her or their known Agent or Solicitor in Scotland, praying that Ihe or they may be required to execute such Deed or Deeds, and do all such Acts, Matters, and Things, as the Court may think requisite to carry this Act into Execution; and in case (he or her said Heirs shall neglect or rc-fuse to grant and execute such Deed or Deeds, and do such Acts, Matters, and Things, it shall be lawful to and for the said Court to adjudge the said Lands, Farms, and Hereditaments from the said Flora Mure Countess

of

3^15

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

of Loudoun and her Heirs, and declare the same to belong to the said Charles Hope and William Adam and their Heirs in Trull as aforesaid, so that complete Titles thereto may in purfirance of such Adjudication be made up iri the' Persons of the said Trustees, according to the Form of the Laws of Scotland, and the said Court shall be and is hereby empowered to take all such other Steps as to them shall appear proper for accomplishing the Purpose of this Act feiative to the fame Lands, Farms, and Hereditaments.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in the meantime and until such Umii such Conveyance or Assurance ' and Settlement shall be made and affected f^clned.ho^ as aforesaid, the said Charles Hope and William Adam and their Heirs the Trustees shall Hand and be seized or estated and interested of and in the j-!jzed*7luch Castle, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments mentioned in the said Second i.aiHe, Lands, Schedule to this Act annexed, upon such Trulls, Intents, or Purposes as ctc* shall be similar to and in Effect corresponding with such Uses, Estates,

Charges, Trulls, Powers, Provisoes, Limitations, Declarations, and Agreements, Intents and Purposes, except the said Mortgage Debt of Ten thousand Pounds and the interest thereof, and the said Term of One thousand Years for securing the fame, as by the said Indentures of Lease and Release or Settlement of the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Days of May One thousand seven hundred and eighty-eight. Indentures of Settlement or Appointment of the Twelfth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and four, and Indentures of Lease and Release of the Second and Third Days of October One thousand eight hundred and seven, were limited, expressed, and declared of, and concerning the Manors, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments mentioned in the said First Schedule to this Act annexed, or such of them as shall be then subsisting and capable of taking Effect or would have been subsisting and capableof taking Effect, in case this Act had not passed, or asnearthereto as may be, and the Deaths of Parties and the Conveyance made by the said Elizabeth Countess Dowager of Moira as aforesaid, will admit.

VIT. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act con- Claims of tained shall extend or be construed to infringe any Right or Remedy which any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, or Corporate, as Creditors of the not to be said Flora Mure Ccuntefs of Loudoun or her Predecessors, have or may have artccted* against the Castle, Lands, Farms, and Hereditaments comprized in the said Second Schedule to this Act annexed, for Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money now due to them by virtue of any Deeds granted by her or her Predecessors prior to the passing this Act, or for the interest due or to grow due thereon, or for Performance of any Obligations to complete the Securities of such Creditors, by Enfeoffment on the said Castle, Lands,

Farms, and Hereditaments, so as on those Securities on which Enfeoffment hath not already been taken and entered. Enfeoffment shall be taken and entered within Three Calendar Months next after the passing this Act, but it shall be lawful to the said Creditors or either of them, by whom Enfeoffment hath already been taken and entered, or by whom Enfeoffment shall be taken and entered within the Time herein-before limited in that Behalf, to proceed for Recovery of their said Debts against or out of the Castle, Lands, Farms, and hereditaments comprized in the said Second Schedule to this Act annexed, in the fame Way as if the fame Castle,

Lands, Farms, and Hereditaments, were and had remained the Property of

3016 4.8* GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

of the said Flora Mure Countess of Loudoun, notwithstanding the passing of this Act, and as if the fame had not been made.

VIII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, Ihat the said intended Exchange shall be suspended and of no Force or Effect until the said (eve-ral Debts or Sums of Money affecting or which may aftect the said Cable, Lands, Farms, and Hereditaments comprized in the said Second Schedule to this Act annexed, or any of them, and which are due or owing by virtue of any Deeds or Securities granted by the said Flora Mure Countess of Lou-doun or any of herPredecessors, and on which Enfeoffment hath been taken and entered before the passing of this Act, or on which Enfeoffment shall be taken and entered within the Time herein-before limited in that Behalf shall be discharged, and Satisfaction shall be entered thereon according to the Law's of Scotland for entering Discharges, or Satisfaction on or for such Debts and Sums of Money as aforesaid, or on the Deeds or Securities for the fame, or which shall hrft happen, until all and singular the fame Cable, Lands, Farms, and Hereditaments shall, according to the Laws of Scotland, be by some other Means exonerated and discharged from such Deeds and Securities on which Enfeoffments have been already taken and entered, or shall be taken and entered within the Time limited as aforesaid, and that this Act shall be void and of no Effect unless such Discharges and Satisfactions shall be so entered, or unless the Estates in the said Second Schedule to this Act annexed, shall by some other Means be effectually exonerated from the said Debts and Sums of Money, Deeds and Securities, within Two Tears from and after the passing of this Act.

KemeJy iu

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Manors, Cable, £vinion Lands, Farms, Tenements, or Hereditaments respectively, herein-before vested or settled as aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, shall at any Time or limes hereafter be lawfully evicted or taken away out of the Possession of the Person or Persons, his or their respective Heirs, Issue or Assigns, in or upon whom or to whose Use the fame Premises are or ought to be by or by Means of this Act respectively vested, settled and limited by ary Right or Title precedent to the passing of this Act, then and from thenceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons, and his or their Heirs or Assigns, out of whose Possession such Premises shall be so lawfully evicted and taken away, from and immediately after such Eviction or taking away of the Possession of the said Premises respectively, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, to enter into the Hereditaments respectively hereby vested and settled, in lieu of and in Exchange for the said Hereditaments which shall be so lawfully evicted and taken away, and the same to have, hold and enjoy again as in his, her or their first and former Estate; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

General X. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and

Saving. Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politic, and Corporate, his, her and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, (other than and except the said Francis Earl of Moira and Flora Mure Countess of L'oudounhis Wife respectively, and their respective Heirs and Assigns, and the First and other Sons of the said Francis Earl of Moira, and the Heirs Male of the respective Bodies of the fame Sons and the Daughters and younger Sons, for whose Portions the Sum of

Ten

Exchange of

Premises to be impended till the Debts affecting the Premises comprized in the Second Schedule aie dif-cha.'ged, e:c.

30i7

m

wi*i?

S«'U

Mk

4e l«

siaaii

in,8

Fiot,

bffe earn Ube 4b A3 tiJall ibisM ran rfee oleifi

-Cille,

i-Wort

t.SoB

Ottof

Star

csjbf

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

Ten thousand Pounds hath been appointed as aforesaid, and the said Charles Hope and William Adam; and Sir Thomas Sutton and Joseph Hill, as Trustees of the said several Terms of One hundred Years and Three thousand Years, appointed to them respectively as aforesaid, and their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, and the said William Adam, his Heirs and Assigns, as Trustee of the Inheritance conveyed to him a d them by the said Elizabeth Countess Dowager of Moira in Remainder or Reversion, as aforesaid), all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand of* in, to or out of the Hereditaments mentioned in the said several Schedules to this Act annexed, or any of the fame Hereditaments or any Part thereof, as they, every or any of them had before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had, held or enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

XI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the EvidcnCe* Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

33 T

[Loe. Is Per

30x8

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 154,

The First SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

THE several Honours, Manors, or Lordships of LOUGHBOROUGH, BARROW-UPON-SOAR, WHIT WICK, HOTEN otherwise HOTON, and STONEY STANTON, in the County of Leicester, with their several Rights, Members, and Appurtenances.

The Honour, Manor, or Lordship of MELBOURNE, in the County of Derby, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereto.

The Honour, Manor, or Lordship, Liberty, and Hundred, called FRAML AND HUNDRED, in the County of Leicester, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereto.

PARTICULAR and RENTAL

OF THE

LOUGHBOROUGH, Hathern, Hoten otherwise Hoton, Mountforrell, Barrow-upon-Soar, Ouorndon, Woodthorpe, Burton-on-the-Wolds, and Framland Hundred ESTA TES.

LOUGHBOROUGH.

A.Mleton, Elizabeth

1 rmltiong, John A nfwurtli, John Armftrcng, Wiliiaa

ditto

nnefl, Caleb

dit

i, Robert 'Ilow, John ditto

vlelVuase and Garden A Garden

Meiiiiage and Garden

, Shop, &c.

Mill and Land Land and Fishery Messuage and Yard Land

Me liiages and Land Land

Messuage and Garden

Messuages and Land

8hfm, Edward ditto

Land

Meffisage, Yards, &c. - I Land -

Ori Lease for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1803

At Will

At Will, from Lady-day

On Lease for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1804 At W.ll, from Lady day On Lease for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1803 At Will, from Lady-day -

dirt

At Will, from Lady-day On Lease for 3 x Years, tiom Lady-day 1781 At Will, from Lady-day -

On Lease for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1803 At Will, from Lady day -

fe' Jg

m

i

11 11

II I I I I I I I M

II I I I I I I I I I

I 3 S3. I? ISIS^S II £1 I I II I II I I 111 I I I II

S IS I li- I I S I I II I I I I I I I I I I

I 3 I I I I II

II I I I I If

III I 5 11 II I I 111

I I I 3 5 S . I 1 S 5 I S £ I

II III I II I I I II I I

I I I I I I I I I I

sl I I S I I. M s'! I I I II II II I I

I

cn

o

W

o

OS

o

VO

Schedule I.—continued.

3020

4.a° GEORGXI III. Cap. 154*

Schedule I.—Continued._

New oi* laic in t, i

fpcftivt Tenure or Oc-

"neir Unde.-li! Description of Premires.

Afligu*.

ghboroug H—continued.

Clcmentfon, John Cooper, Elizabeth - lailce, Ann

Ctaggs, G. B,

Cla ke, Jof ph Cooper, ihomas

Cooper, William Coop-r, William El zabethChapman,' lateW’idowMi'cheli, ditto late New 11 Calls, Rchard,late' Shelton Dewick, John

Dexter, Thomas

ditto

Douglas, James ditto

Dawson, Ann

Dowell, John Die ©is, Henry Dann, Elizabeth Dexter, W idow Dakin and Bate6 Draper, Robert Dafliw od, C. V. Eddowes, Iienry -

ditto

ditto ! lliott, Thomas Ella Coleman & Co. Eaton, Elizakeih, 1 late Mee - J Fowler, Edward

ditto ditto-Fanner, Elizabeth Farrow, Hannah

Cottage and Garden Tenement in Baxter Gate Messuage in the Market Place

Capital Mefliizge in Penfold \ G te - J

Small Cottage Public House called the Marquis of Granby, Yards and Land Tenement, Garden and Land Cottage and Garden House and Land Old Cottage and Garden Messuage and Garden

of

Gardem Me linage and Garden Tenement and Nailer’s Shop Cottage and Garden > oCage and Garden in^ Messuage and two Tenements

Messuage in Four Tene-'i menis, and Cottage and > Weaver’s Shop A Messuage in Two D' lings and

Cotton Mill and Koufe

Two Cottages and Bom' and Land Meadow Messuage and

House a ad Yard Cottage and Yard House *nd Garden Cottage and Garden (pulled down.)

Cottage and Garden

Me uage and Garden in'!

the Market-place - j Messuage and Surgeon’s Shop

a Dwel- S r Tene-

d Bsm )

: nether

Wharf, Warehouse and Yard Cottage

Messuage and Brewhenfe -

Messuage and Hop Yard Land

Messuage and Land Public House and Yards

At Will, from Lady-day ditto -

On Lease for 31 Years, from Lady-day 1781 On Lease, which will expire (pulled down)

At Will, from Lady-day -

ditto - '

ditto

ditto

ditto

On Lease for 30 Years, from

ditto

On Lease for 30 Years, from

Lady-day 1807.........-

ditto

At Will, from Lady-day ditto

On Lease for 30 Years, fj om Lady day 1805

At Will, from Lady-day -

At Will, from Lady-day -

ditto

ditto

On Lease for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1801 On Lease for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1803 At Will, from L.dy-day -

On Lease for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1S03 At will, from Lady-day

At WiJI, from Lady-day Dn Lease for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1803 At will, from Lady-day 2

Quantity. *55 Valuation.

a. r. £ t. d. £ I

O O J 0 0 3 0 is — J 1 -

0 0.0 *5 --

0 i 4 J — — 40 -

a 0 33 , - _K 29 --

: ’ +0 Ay

0 4 16 2 to — 12 J O'-

00,7 1 "

0 Oil ro j-

1 5 -

0 0 j 4 -

0 0 3 4 -

O O - 1. 6 rfjftr

0 0, nhD f,

0 1 30 II :aj -

Oil IO

20 Sit

6 10 —

rr/r.0 ¥>l

1 'kTJ - A£JJ .... ... WL

ig 1 mG .8 4

2!.J

2 — AA. 6 f.,-

-4 —

1 IO- 1 1 T

0 0 io 3 xo —V: 3 -

5 0.20 4 . -,4 -

0 0 . A - *5-

o >5 - i-J.

8 0.36 35 1 35 f 7

1 f

x 0. I 20 T.~.

006 1 1 ~ 1

0 j 16 -

*l5

XI I 30 40 — ..rrr;. 40 -

3i xqrr

0 |o' 18 is

9 .1 *7 26 .— —T h‘ liT

018 10 <-

5r 13 13 ,

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

3021

Schedule I.—continued.

tptili.t renure* or Oc-

E'toW-Ttninhor

Afigns.

Description of Premisej,

Loughborough—continued.

Follows, Dorothy -

ditta Fawkes-, Widow Fox, John Fofter, John Flavel, John Farrow, John

ditto

Frith, William (late > Raven) J

Gains, John

ditto

Gains, William

Gamble, Richard dit.o ditto

ditto

ditto, late Allen Halhold, James

Hood, Sarah

Henfcn,'William -

ditto

Hopewell, Joseph Harris, Jolin HeanTtvorth and, ) Oharld'worth / HopeWcfl, John

Hull, J.

ILk. y Peri}

Messuage and Garden Land

The Boot Inn and Yards, with Land Cottage and Yard Building Ground

Messuage and Garden Messuage and Collarmakers) Shop - J

Messuage and Yards

Messuage, Britannia Public J House and Shop - /

Cottages and Gardens Land

Parcel of Land on the) Brook fide - J

Parcel of Land in'Mill Lane Cottage and Yard

Saracen’s Head

The Upper Mill and Land Messuage, Fenement, Shop i and Garden - - j

Messuage and Garden Land -

Messuage and Plumber’s Shop

Cottage and Sh- p House wheehvnght’sShon, 1 Yards, &c. - - j

The Unicorn Inn Yard:;, eve.

Land

Messuage and Shop Messuage and Grocer's,) Shop and Land - j Sundry j enerr.ents, and, ) Garden at .'-parrow Hill j Messuages and Cooper s ;hop

An w Cotlage and Garden Barn, Cowhouse, and Yard Messuage and Garden

Tenement and Garden

On Lease ror Years,from Michaelmas 1800 At W ill, from Lady-day At V\ ill, from Lady-day ditto

On Lease for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1806 ditto

At Will, from Lady-day ditto

On Lease, which will expire at Lady-day i8n On Lease for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1804 At Will, from Lady-day On Lease, for joYears, fr Lady-day 1803 At Will, from Lady-day On Lease from Lady-da 1805 for 30 Years

At Will, from Lady-day ditto

On Lease for 30 Years, from Lady day 1806

On Lease for 30 Years, from Lady-day 1804 At W ill, from Lady-day

At Will, from Lady-day

On Lease for 30 Years, fre Lady day At Will, from Lady-day

r 3a Yeai Lady-day J003 Will, from Lady-day -

OnXeafe for 30 Years, from Lady day 1803 At! V. ill, fioin Lady-day ditto

Cri Lease for 30 Years,fro i ady-day 1803 promise At W ill, from Lacy day

ditto

, ditto -

26 -

y5 —

- 1 s -

7 17 -

126

5 J

o o [6

>8 5 -18 -

3 -

4 —

8 -

15 — 38 5 ‘

4 — -3 -

33 u

302:

48° GEORGII III. Cap. rsx.

Schedule I.—tantimicd.

NoV or laic In the rc-speiiive Tenures or Oc-cupmoa' of the uncier-m-ntione.l Persons, or thei Undei-Tenants 01 Assigns

Pcscription of Ptemifes.

Loughbop.OU GH—continued.

Ilandley, John ieane, John Harley, VV. and F.

Hnllam, William

Hallam, Jo! n Harriman, 1 homas Hooper, William -

Holland, Henry* Hubbard, Job Harrison, Robert Karris, Benjamin Hack, William Hood, Stephen, late J

J.tckfon, William Jnckfon, Solomon Jones, Joseph

Knight, Jonhs Kirk, Kiehard Keatly, John

Launder, Robert -

Leicester, Thoma3 Launder, Thomas Leicester, William Lockwood, Thomas Lydell, Widow Lowe, Anne Lowe, Elizabeth Launder, Elizabeth Lind say, Thom a Lowe John, late Carter

Martin, Samuel

ditto Morris, Joseph n, Widow Marshall, William -

ditto Morrs, Widow Mansfield, Widow Mansfield, William

Me (Tinge and OardeH d-tto

Malthouse and Buildings

Land

Me Hinge and Yards Messuage and Yard

Cottage in Bear PI ice Messuage and Garden, and 1 Cottage - j

Ci'tt'gc and Garden Land Messuage, Warehouses and J Yards.

Messuages and Gardens Cottage and Orchard Cottage and Moiety of a Barn Cottage and Garden Messuage and Garden Me'fmge, Orchard, and 1 Garden - . j

Cottage and Garden

eftto -

Ie,ruage, Brewhouse, and 1 Yard - j

Land

Griliin Public House, Cot-J tage and Land . j

Messuage and Garden Land Mcftinge and Garden Messuage, Garden, and Land Messuage and Garden

MdTuages and Gardens

Meflinge and Garden ditto ditto ditto

(Hopfe) pulled down Messuage and Yard (House) pu'Jed down Messuage and Yard Cottage and Croft Hcule and Garden

Me uage and Garden

Mci uage and Land 1 ditto

Messuage and Garden

Tenement ditto, and Garden Messuages and Garden

At Will, from Lady-day ditto

On Lease for 30 Years from Lady-day 1804 At Will, from Lady-day On Lease for 30 Years, fro Lady-day 1805 At Will, from Lady-day ditto

On Lease for 30 Years, from J. ady-day 1805 At Will, from Lady day ditto ditto ditto

On Lease for 28 Years, from Lady-day 1783

ditto ditto

On Lease for 30 Years} from Lady-day 18 oj At Will, from Lady-day On Lease for 30 Years, from j Lady-day 1805 - j

At Will, from Lady-day ditto

Rent. Valuation.

i 8-----8 -

3 29 43 ----- 43 -

>16 10-----10 -

o 19 10 -

» — J —

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

On Lease for 30 Years, fro Lady-day 1803

At Will, from Lady day ditto ditto ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

O11 Lease, from Lady-day 1803

At Will, from Lady-day ditto

On Lease which will expire . Lady-day 181-

At Will, from Lady-day ditto ditto

On Lease for 30 Years, from

Lady-day 1803

1 *7 10 -

6 10 — 8-----'

4S° GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

So23

Schedule X.-^-anthmed.

Pafio. cupiu n»of 'ns uneci- Description of Premites. Tenure. Quantity. Rent. Valuation.

ini ir Unde-Ten.iius or A Signs.

Loughbo OUG H—continued. J £ s. d. £ s» d.

107. Mansfield, William Land - At Willjrtronx Lady-day - j > 1 ,4

ditio ditto ditto

140. ditto MefPu.rge and Garden ditto O a 36 i 5 -

ditto ditto

3 79- Mayne, Thomas Cottage and Garden ditto ic —

38. Kafh, Joseph Messuage andGrocersShop\ and Land - - J At Will, from Lady-day - zix6 15 16 -

«7 North, Isaac, late 1 Cottage ditto 0 CO — 17 6 110 -

«S- North, Isaac Messuage and Yard and Land ditto

i> tta, T\tc Capp Cottage and Garden ditto 1 13

Ditto, late Clarke - ditto

iS»- NewU.11, r.dward ditto ditto 0 0 J 1 10 —

Overseers, The ditto ditto 2 3

386. arm;, Thomas Tenement and Yard ditto 5 — I I© —

36. 1 aimer, Thomas Messuage and Grocer’s Shop On Lease for 30 Years, from

Lady-day 1803

ditto At Will, lr-m Lady-ray -

rolkev, William - yje uage and Granary ditto 0 0 14

i re (ton Benjamin - ^o.tages and Garden ditto 0 0 38 5 —

0well, William Me uage and Land ditto 7 0 25 aj

Powell. Vvilhain vleiuage and Land ditto

i e.lky, J. A new Cottage and Garden ditto 008 4 10 —

349- ’. i ts, Mary Messuage and Garden

Peck, John Stables aOd Barn On Lease for 30 Years, from

Lady-day 1803 0 0 23 12

ditto At V> ill, from L dy-day -

39S- Palfrey man, Richard Small Parcel of Land On Lease for 30Years, from Lady-day 1804 0 0 24 4 4

401. ditto Land - At Will, from Lady-day - 17 1 12 28

ditto 14

3^5 Palmer, William A new built Messuage, \ On Lease for 30 \ ears, from

Yards and Garden / Lady-day 1804

ditto At Will, from Lady-day - 5 6 16 1 —— 16 1 —

13. 1 i kington, Thomas Cottage and Garden ditto 0 0 3

Met uo:e and Weaver’s Shop ditto

all. Paliik r, W. lenior - A Close called Middle J field, 3 a- 3r. 34 P- *J Cottage and Garden ditto 3 3 34 12 12

«' Palmer, Robert ditto - - 0016 5 ~ 2 IO -

an', iPalmer, Sarah, O- Messuage and Garden On Lease for 30 Years, from

417. 1 Lady day 1805 0 0 36

1’refton, Lydia At Will, fiorn Lady-day -

Peujr, Joseph Land

iio i arke*, i homa?, ") Messuage and Yards ditto 004 4 6

392. " ck, Z.icluiiah Cottage and Garden (House pulled down.)

42 7 Pegg, V*illiam,jun. 1 wo Cottages and Gardens - On Lease for 50 Years, from

Lady day 1806

»'4 towel!, James Messuage and Apothecary's J Shop - J Ditto from Lady-day 1805 0 0,1 >5 18

314 At Will, from Lady-day - 15

313 ditto Messuage and Currier's Shoo On Lease for .3© ai s, from

Lady-day 180? 005

3*3 ditto Land At Will, irorn Lady-day: -- 4 0 36

394 393 Pol key, John Polkey, Ann Cottage and Garden ditto ddto }v^'c John (Lins -

7S Prviwett, john ditto ditto - - 0 0 18 2 10 — 2 IO

198 Quinton, illiam - Messuage, Yard and Cottage On Lease for 30 Years, from

Lady-day 1803 0 0 S5 15 IO —

300 ditto Land At Will, from Lady-day - 5 39 ,5 *5

45 The New Inn and Yards - On Lease for 30 Years, from

Lady-day 1779 005 3 ,o-_

3024

48° GEORGII III. Cap. is±.

Schedule I.—continued.

F>s<. N.‘W or late in the re-1'peAiveTcnures or Occupations uf the undermentioned Per Tons, or their Unde.-Ttnanis or Drscription of Premises. Tfnuie. Quantity. Rent. Valuation.

Loughbo tot7G H—continued- A R £ d.

78. Rudkin, Thomas - Messuage and Yard At Will 0 O 35 4 .0 - 3 -

126 Ran Ion, John Messuage and Yards ditto O O 3 10 — — 10 -

Rjadley, 1 homas - Mcfniages and Tenements - ditto O 30 ——

Land ditto 18 18

ditto Building Ground On Lease for 30 Years, from

Lady-day 1804

Ratcliff, John Messuage and Garden At Will, from Lady day O O 11 4 10 — 4 10 —

Rose, il nm Ditto and Land ditto 23 2

Kenalls Widow Messuage and Yard ditto 5 8

Rilej, lh mas ditto ditto 8

Robinlon, William ditto ditto

Roner, William ditto ditto O 7 —

Ro ell, Jof ph ditto ditto

Ro ell, Joseph. jun. ditto On Lease for 30 Years, from

Lady-day 1803 8 8

f o&. ditto Land At Will, from Lady day - 16 16

3*3- Rudkin, homas - Messuage and Cottages O11 Lease for 30 Years, from

Lady-day 1804 O *9

245- Renalls, John, late 1 Messuage, &:c. On Lease for 30 Years O O a 14 - - 21 -

ditto Land ditto s 3 10 21 — — *1 -

T?7 Staveley, Christopher Bull Head Tnn and Land At Will, from Lady-day - 128 0 6 —

Sicvenfon, Joseph - Memiage and Land

strelly, Richard Messuage and Garden On Leak* ior re Years, rom

Lady-d y 1S03 6

Land At Will, from Lady-day -

Sugden, Jonas Parcel of Budding Ground On Lease for .0 Years, trom

Lady-day 1803 *5

ditto Land At Will, horn Lady day - xf. W

>arf >n, Robert Mefiiiatre and Garden

Stephenson, bamuel Mellu. ee and Yards ditto 0

Smith, John Ditto and Land ditto 60 60

Sibfon, l homas Messuage and Yards ditto 0 18

Srmth, John ditto ditto 38 8 8

smith, William ditto ditto

immonds, Samuel ditto l3

Stone, John ditto ditto

ShufTb nottom Messuage in Bear Place ditto

30 otreet, Thomas Me uages and Lard ditto

mimonds, John Messuages and Yard ditto

Simpson, Elizabeth On Lease, which will expire

Lady-day 1S09 3 r5

44S Soar Navigation, "1 Proprietors of -/ Ditto and Land ditto 4 34 JJ 6 - *5 6 -

Smith, John, now 1 Late part of a House now )

pulled down - J

570 Stephenson, John - Me.inage and Garden ditto ro

Messuage in "Ward's £,nd At Will

*76 sumners, John, late \ Messuage and Shops On Lease rr 30 Years, from Lady-day 1803 0 0 6 _ 6

*78- ditto Messuages and Land At Will, from Lady-day - 1 16 r6 10 16 10 —

ditto O o r _ _ —

Thorpe, John Messuage, Yards, dec. On Lease, for 31 years, which will expire Lady-day 1826 n j

Land At Will, from Lady-day - 6 38 12

MeTuage and Garden ditto 0 0 5 r 16 — 1 16 —

ditto On Lease for 30 Years, from

Lady-day 1803

Thompson, Widow ditto At Will, from Lady-day - 0 0 7 1 ——

Till, Thomas ditto >5 5 5

fowndrow, George ditto 0 3 3

! hacker, Will am - ditto

44»* Thacker, George - Cottage ° 3 8

[.Uc. & Per.-]

i . . I . I , i . . i i

rrr^TiTfii T! TTTTTTr

! I J___LJ

v.1 f r r f: /;

7/ / /-/

?J| »S*5 3« Vt* i Syj as - g 5-

j Mlf ilf I" IPr f Hff I f'! S

II' If - *. l-E fl V B

?t it? tifW

n si1 sH' ssnst ip. *;r .» , i

fS I SBB I S I I I SJSiT-S I Bill- I £ I I III [~l I I I I I I I II I II I ! I 11111,1111 III

K I I I

L~ *».!!; _ c’?. I-3S.4. 5^4.^; 'sgj;

H ss s I s i i s m I; i i:n» I a i i i i i

r 1 I I I II I I I I I I I I I I Mill I I I I I I I

sf».. -'s- i: tills Ml I Ml H I I II I III I I II II

1

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 1^4. 3025

3026

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 154,

Schedule I.—continued.

48° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 154.

3027

Schedule I.—continued.

CHIEF RENTS in LOUGHBOROUGH.

Stephenson, Joseph Boyer, Jelleys ditto ditto Middleton, Mr.

Hull, William, late Movetty Cropper, Henry Webster, Benjamin Crampton, William Capp, William VVykes, Mr. Bosworth

Warner, Edward Tate, Benjamin i

Collins, John.'late Savage Pouchin, Mr.

ditto Heyrick, Mr.

Johnson, Mr.

Webster, Nicholas -

Boss, Mrs.

Bakewell, William Ferryman, Robert Barrowes, Thomas, Esq.

Taylor, John Dalby, Mr.

Hunt, Mr.

Whatton, Mr. late Watkinson

Pack, Charles

i’otiltney, Richard

Smith, Andrew

Farrow, John

Aiiopp, Mr.

Cradock, Mr.

Beaumont, Mr.

House in Highgate for Smiths

House in Market-place

Feoffees House in Church-gate Burleigh Estate George Inn Hubbard’s Meadow One-third of the Outwoods One-third of Ditto One-third of Ditto Sturrups Land House in Baxter-gate A House late Davy’s Close in Park Field, Upper and Nether Meadow -

House in Woodgate Close in Parkfield House in Church-gate House in D°

Hop-yard and Garden Nether Meadow -

House and Orchard House in Bolton Row Close in Midfield House in Church-gate

COMMON FINES.

Burton-on-the-Woulds Tate, Benjamin, Esq. Billion, John Pack, Charles Quorndon Knight- thorpe Sealthorpe

Woodthorpe .« Mountforrell

BURTON ON THE WoULDS.

Sarfon, Widow Jeffcrys, 1 homas Adcock, John Litherland, Robert Warner, Rachael Mitchell, Sarah Pool, Elizabeth

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

- 6

- 8 —

3028

48° GEORGII III. Cup. 134*

Schedule L*—continued\

Burton-on-the-Woulds—continued.

Westby, Thomas Taylor, John Peal, Sufennah Bryan, James

- A Cottage . ditto

- A Garden

- A Chief

HOTEN, otherwise HOTON COTTAGES.

Marshall, Thomas Spencer, William Leeion, Robert, and R. Barrott Roadley, William Lewin, John Roberts, John _ Lockwood, Benjamin Roadley, William

A Cottage ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto ' ditto ditto

BARRO W-UPON-SO AR.-----COTTAGE RENTS,

1

Now or late in the re- fpcAive Tenures br Occupations of the undermentioned Persons, their Under-Tenants or Assigns. Descriptic a of Premiss. Tenure. Rent. Valuation.

Adcock, Thomas Armstrong, Thomas, 1 and J. Gretton - j Cottage ditto . 1 I On the Waste ditto *2 £ s. d. £ s. d.

Burton, William ' Burgoin, John Brown, George Brotherhood, John Bakeweil, Thomas, and l Elizabeth Pith - J Bromley, Sheffield Bakeweil, Thomas Brotherhood, John Brett, John Brown, George . ditto d'tto ditto ditto ditto 1 ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto illll 1 II 1 1 1 1 1 o-l 1 1 o-o-l i 6 — i 6

Candor, John Cowper, Elizabeth ditto ditto ditto ditto ‘ — i —

Derby, Thomas Derry, Joseph Dennis, Samuel Du inn, joseph ditto ditto ditto ditto {: ditto. ditto ditto ditto j 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 — 6 —

Farnhara, Edward Fishing Reeds, Fishing in the old Soar, ( Fishing RuQtes and j Meadow - - J - 3 3

Hull, Francis Haddon, Joseph Heanworth, John / Hale, William Hull, Jonathan Cottage d'tto ditto , ditto r On the Waft? ditto ditto ditto ditto — i 6 6 — I 6

4 GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

3029

Schedule I.—continued.

Now or lare in the re- speflive Tenures or Occupations of the undermentioned Persons, or their Under-Tenants or AffiiQS. Description. Rent. Valuation.

Barrow upon Soar—Cottage Reni s—continued. £ t. d. £ s. d.,

Johnfonj John Cottage On the Wafts - !- -

Litherland, Tohn ditto ditto 6 6

Lockwood, William ditto ditto

Lockwood, W lliam ditto ditto - a

Lockwood, Hen foil ditto ditto

Lockwood, Thomas - ditto ditto

Mann, John ditto ditto — I 6 — 1 6

Mee, Thomas ditto ditto

Matthews, John ditto ditto

Middleton, Edward ditto ditto — — — I —

Pick, John ditto ditto - - , - - > -

Raven, Wi'.Ham ditto ditto - - 1 -.

91eath, William ditto ditto - I -

Thorpe, Widow ditto ditto — 1 — — 1 —

Webb, Thomas ditto ditto — a — —. x

Wintetton, Daniel ditto ditto — 6 — — 6 —

Woodcock, Elizabeth - ditto ditto

Woollen, William ditto ditto 1 1

5 15 6 5 15 6

BARROW-UPON-SOAR.-----CHIEF RENTS.

w,i"- R»t. Valuation.

£ j. d. — 3 9 £ d.

8 - 7 3i 8 - 7 3i ~ a 4

I — 5 a* ~ 1 it

" 'lb — a 6* — 4* - at

- 6 8 11* " 1 5 — 6 8 11* — 1 5

5 h — 6 8£ - ~6 li

III " ill 1 mi " 111 1

ment'tuned Pci Ion

r their Unde,-Tenants or Atlignj

Beaumont, Storer Beaumont, Thomas Beaumont, John Beaumont, Thomas Biddle, John Bradfhnw, Thomas Bramhy Bradshaw, John Bradshaw, Thomas Brotherhood, Francis Bowley, John Beaumont, Thomas

Constable, the Artillery Compositio: Clarke, Hamlet Chester, Thomas Cumberland, J. and R. Peat Chamberlain, Mr.

Chapman, D. and W.

Clarke, Widow

PufTty, John Perry, Joshua Dewion, Thomas

Easton, Reverend Mr.

33 T

[Lee. Es" Per.']

303°

4-8° GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

Schedule I.—continued.

Now or late in the respective Tenures or Occupations of the undermentioned Persons, or their Under-Tenants or AlTigns. Rent. Valuation.

Barrow-upon-Soar—Chief Rents—continued. £ s. d. £ s. d.

Forman, Susan Farnliam, Edward Fisher, Mr. — 3i ii

" 3 4 — 3 4

Haddon, John Headborough, the common Fine - 4 — 5 —

Limbert, John Limbert, Widow " — — 3 3

Meynell, Mrs. Measures, Thomas Measures, Elizabeth Meynell, Hugo Mann, Samuel: : — 3 " 6 6 7i 3

Ofwln, Mr. Oliver, Mr. -1- 3

Patchett, Mr. Perkins, Sir Thomas Frefcle, Mr. I- rieftly, William " 1 1 - I "" 1 II 11 8 3

Stone, Mr. Squires, Mr. Smith, Widow Simpkin., William Squires, Thomas Stone, Mr.; ‘ 1 — 1 6 — 7 10 — s ii 3 6 — 1 6 — 7 10 ~ 3

Tanay, James Thompson, E. Thompson, George _ y 7 - 4 4i — 4 45

Van, Mr. v - . a§ - »§

Whitehead, William - Wright, Mrs. White, F. Winter; on, W l'iara Winterton, Dau’el Wyman, William Woodluuife., Cottage and Chief Rents Quomdon, L'Uto * 6 — 7 — — — — 6 14 11 si I 17 1 " l l -- l 1 1 sc 1 1 1 1 1 13-

si 5 6 si 5 6

<ja SM

Y:tl «T571S!> 'Siam

iD JlniflfiO IGwje

s.Jcfepii iiG.and

! CU - 1, ‘Sa

- *.

W

=r j

13;jq ,aoMt&

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

3031

Schedule I.—continued.

PARTICULAR and RENTAL of the MELBOURNE ESTATE.

- 1808.--

Abney, Edward, Esq.

Carter, William Cantrell, George

Chetwiud, G. and Thomas

Dunnecliffe, Willia

Buiaiccliffe, John Dexter, Robert

Earp, John

Ssisfi*

oSK

Grrtin and Martin e"®thi and others

Hrggms, James H'»pc, John and J Elliot

"Oty, Henry Knifton, Peter Kioe, Samuel Molt. Joseph Horton, Jofi-ph

Upper Cockfhoot and Lane J doles - _ j

Sundry Parcels of Land

Little Wigs - i 1 ij'j B;t from Common o 1 26 ( Reedy Higgs Hook o o 18 ( Part of Great Mead z z 0) Meadow

Allotment in Great Meadow Cottage and Garden, and\ Two Parcels of Land ' Cottage and Garden Cottage and small Croft

Cottage and Garden

Farm House and Lands Lords Graund andGreatMead Cottage and Garden, and') privilege oi cutting

Great Meadow Piece Cottage and Garden The Reedy W:ggs Meeting House and Yard

TheHc-ns Public Houseand \ Two Parcels of Land - J Cottage and Garden

Shop and Land ettage and Qardejx

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

At Will, from Lady-day

J — *7°-----

3®3 2

4S0 GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

Schedule I.—continued.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

3033

Schedule I.—continued.

PARTICULAR and RENTAL of WHITWICK. -----1808.-

<y

( I!<r'

II ijl'f 1; li ,1 iS l»

15.'

No* or lits in the respective Tenures or Occupations of the under mentioned Pc if an', or Defer ip'ian of PremilVs. Tenure Rent. Vulu.tion

rh«ir Under-Tenants or Atfigu*.

COITAC E RENTS. £ s. d. £ i. d.

Brooks, Elizabeth Cottage and Garden At Will, from Lady-day -

Bacon, Elizabeth ditto ditto

Bonier, William ditto

Brooks, William Manor House ditto 1 1

Cooper, Sarah Cottage ditto -

Eaton, John ditto ditto — 6 — — 6 —

Eaton, Benjamin ditto ditto -

Flewe-tt, William 1- ditto ditto _ . - - 1 -

Griffin, Widow ditto ditto — 10 — — 10 —

Grifhn, John ditto ditto

Gumley, Robert ditto ditto — 10 — — 10 —

Hallam, Richard ditto ditto 22 — a l —

diito dtto — 12 — 12 —

Hawthorne, Joseph d tto ditto

How, Hem y ditto ditto

How, Michael ditto ditto l6 — 16 —

Howard, Joseph ditto d’tto

Haywood, Humphrey ditto ditto IO — 10 —

Henman, Jollph ditto ditto — a — — 2 —

Moor, Elizabeth - ditto - t ditto - — 10 — — lo —

Parish, Overseer.-. of ditto ditto 1 I

'i egg, Thomas ditto ditto 2 12 6 2 12 6

Robins, Robert, senior ditto ditto I IO — I IO —

Robmfon, John ditto ditto I 10 — I IO

Roe, Mcphens ditto dtto in 6

Robnifon, Robeit, junior ditto ditto 1 10 — I IO —

ditto — 10 r — IO

Snerwin, John Tw-oParcels of Land on the,) Forest - - j ditto — 3 — — 3 —

Thunby, Thomas Cottage ditto — ia — — 12 —

Ward, Francis ditto d«o — 12 — — 12 —9

Ward, John ditto ditto — 10 — — 10 —

Ward, William ditto ditto

Ward, Jane ditto ditto

Wilson, Thomas School House ditto

Wardel, Abraham Cottage dtto — 1 — — I —

Robins, Robert Tin Meadows ditto 18 IS

47 10 — 47 10 —

Cottage and Chief Rents -

Hucklefeote ditto

Bonington on the Heath Botchefton ditto — 167 — 16 7

ditto 1 4. 6

T hvingftone - ditto — 16 — 1 6

Swanmngton Common Fines paid at Whit ditto

vick Court

69 I 1 69 1 1

3°34,

48° GEORGII III. Cap. r-54

Schedule Icontinued.

hu /. CJDI

PARTICULAR and RENTAL of-STONEY STANTON,

- 1808

Now or late in the respective Tenures or Occupations of the under mentioned Persons, Or their Under-Tenants or Assigns.

:iinv.*t 1 JhtQ

Description of Prtmifes. Rear.

Brown, Widow, Dawson, Anthony Franks, Thomas Holmes, Thomas Hgxjiqk, John Mummer,. John. Norton, Richard Nortop, Michael Stephens, Thomas Smith, James Tomlinson, Joha tWilinott, William.

COTTAGE RENTS. Cottage

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditty

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

At Will, fresh Lsdy-day -

ditto

ditto1' ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto ditto

ditto

ditto -

ditto

- 6

Bucknall, Thomas Camp, John Lane, John Sharp, John Sharp, Hannah Wagg, William -

Land

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

SINFEN MOOR.

At Will, from Lady-day ditto

ditto,

ditto

ditto

ditto

MARKFIELD.

Sundry Cottage Rents and Chief Rents, amounting to

4B° GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

Schedule I.—continued.

"3035

RECAPITULATION.

- r—S-4-r- - IW ESTATES. Quantity. - Valuation.

LOUGHBOROUGH, including: Hal hern, IToten otherwise"! Hoton, Mountlorrel, Barrowupon-Soar, Quorndon, Wood- > thorpe, Burton-on-the-Woulds, and Frainlaud Hundred J I»I58 i 3 £ s. d. 4,782 ix 6 £ a. d. 5.453 16 —

CHIEF RENTS, LoughborOuch - -: - ' 13 4 .7. , <8 >Ai 7

COTTAGE RENTS, Barrow - - 5 ,s. 6 if 'I ‘

CHIEF REN rS and Coltage Rents, Barrow, Woodhouse, and, ) Quorndon - - - j .: "Afv 11 s 6

MELBOURNE - 923 2 29 I >417 15 5 1,4:8 Is 5

WHITWICK - - 69 1 1 69 I T"

STONEY STANTON - ... - 2 3 10 3 i°

SINFEN MOOR 50 r 50

MARKFIELD - - 482 482

2,082 1 32 6,366 5 7 7,078 IO I

Deductions.— <£ 3, d. Loughborough, Land Tax - - 9* 5 10 Loughborough, Fee Farm Rent, to! 6 Richard Scott - j 5 . Land l ax allowed - - ao 16 1 95 0 5 Framland Hundred, Fee Farm Rent - xa 18 5 Land Tax allowed - - a 5 10

Whitwick Fee Farm Rent, to Sir Wil- 1 . harn Dolben - - ] 7 5 Land Tax allowed - - 15a 6 0 3{ Melbourne Fee Farm Rent, to Mrs.") k Finch - - ] 59 5 31 Land Tax allowed - - tin 4 4J 13 11* Melbourne Land Tax - - > 36 15 6

Total of these Deductions - - 285 8 7 18J 8 7 285 8 7

Total Quantity, Net Rental, and Net Annual Value Deduct interest on Mortgage for <£10,000 2,082 1 3* 6,080 13 O 500 6,793 1 6 5°° -

Net Annual Rent and Value, after deducting Interestl on Mortgage - - - - J 5.5^0 13 0 6,293 1 6

John Claridges T. Ill/ley.

48° GEORGII III. Cap.rs

3036

/>,'. , u

The Second SCHEDULE to which this Act refers.

t .‘c.*«

PARTICULARS of Estates in the Manor, Lordship, or Barony of LOUDOUN, in the County of Ayr, in Scotland, including and comprizing the Cattle of Loudoun and the Demesne or Policy thereto belonging. arc

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 154,

3037.

Schedule II.—continued.

of Leases.

Name* of Farms and Tenements.

Measure Scotch. Annual Rent. Annual Value. r Martinmas 'I Whitsunday

Amble Lands. Housei and Grass.

A. ». P. £ S. d. £ 3. d.

Reddon John Mason 68 a a] 25 136 1813 18 r+

Alton Moorhouse Gavin Lindsay 3*9 39 35 163 1813 1814

Whniiggs - Alexander Mitchell - xao a ao *5 10 - .87 14 —, 1813 1814

Moor Common to Whatrigga - J Alexander Mitchell, &c. 141 % a - - 54 IX — 1813 1814

Woodhead Thomas Aiton 157 3 39 155 400 1808 1809

Ha,'g Inclosure William Smith 7 3 30 10 27 10 — 1813 1814

Clfcarmount James Paton *J — 3* 87 ia - 201 1814 1815

West Newton William Wardrope - 88 3 a 80 4 — I71 II — 1814 1815

Raft Newton James Wallace 1.8 a 7 8s — 195 5 — 1816 1817

Doctors Parks James Mason 6 3 a8 JO 23 18 — 1816 1817

Inn and Office's at \ Newmishs - / ditto - 1816 1817

Waterside James Fram 5* 3J5 100 14 — 23a 1818 1819

Lands adjoining to \ Inhabitants of Darvel a«5 i 33} 307 18 4§ S68 {!« -

Mayfield and Gilfoot The Rev. Archibald Laurie 38 , SI 51 113 6 — at Mr. La rie’s Death,

Patronage of the Parish f Loudoun, value £ 360.

Feu Duties, payable annually from the Baronies of Loudoun and Raithmuir . 5* 3 9 5* 3 9 Perpetual.

Feu Duties, payable annually from Village of Darvel - - 48 10 8« 48 10 8jf Perpetual.

Free Sum arising annually from the sales of Wood upon the aforesaid Estate 400 4oo

Free Sum arising annually from the sales of Lime upon the aforesaid Estate 300 300 -

f equal to - A,on 3 36 4,973 4 >F 8,04a — 5 5"

1. English - S> °97 3 —

X»,it

douasik

34 J

\Lac. Stf Per.']

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 154.

303*

Schedule II.—continued.

Measure Scotch. Annual Rent. A.inu.1 Rent.

4*OIX 3 3*- 8,04z 0

All the Tublic Burthens (except the Ministers Stipend) on the Estates let to Tenants and comprized in this Second Schedule, are borne by the Tenants, and the Value of the Estates iii Hand is calculated so as to allow for the payment of the Public Burthens, over and above this Valuation.

The Ministers Stipend on these Estates is per Annum, but is subjetft") to Augmentation - - - J - - - «-r

4,0x1 3 36

Quantity, Net Annual Rental and Net Annual Value 5,097 3 — 7,94a —

John Hamilton, Surveyor.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strah.in, Printers to the' King’s most Excellent Majesty. i So8.

Cap. 155:

An Act for vesting an Estate called Killingworth Farm., in the County of Northumberland, (being an Estate devised by the Will of 'Thomas Bonner Esquire, deceased) in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of Legacies, and for laying out the Residue of the Money, in the Purchase of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

[2d July 1808.]

WHEREAS Thomas Bonner late of High Callerton, in the County Will of

of 'Northumberland, Esquire, deceased, by his last Will and Bonnes Testament in Writing, bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of recited* "June One thousand seven hundred and ninety-four, duly executed and attested; after giving Directions respecting his Funeral, gave to his eldest:

Son Robert Bonner Warwick (he being otherwise sufficiently provided for) the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, on Condition that he kept the Testa-for indemnified against: the Payment of Seven hundred Pounds, for which the Testator became his Surety by Bond to the late Mr. Snow Clayton*

and not otherwise; and also gave to his Daughter Isabella Lojh, whom he Rated to have received her Portion, Twenty Guineas; also he gave to his Daughter Sarah Bonner, the Sum of Twelve hundred Pounds, and to his Daughter Ann Bonner, the Sum of Twelve hundred Pounds, to be paid to them respectively within Six Months after his Decease, with In-[tx.&Ptr.] 34 B terest

3042

4&’ GEORGII III. Cap. 155.

terest at Four per Centum; and, gave to hi? Daughter Maria Grace Bonner, the Sum of Twelve hundred Pounds, to be paid at her Age of Twenty-one Years or Day of Marriage^ with Iqterest in the mean Time from the Te/tator’s Death at Four Pounds per Centum-, and if his said Daughter- Maria Grace Bonner should die under the age of Twenty-one Years and unmarried, in such case the said TeJJator directed that the said Legacy of Twelve hundred Pounds so given to her should vest in and belong to his Daughters Sarah and Anti in equal Proportions; and he gave and devised all his Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, situate, lying, and being in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham, to William Darnell, of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, Merchant, and Robert Raytie, of the same Place, Gentleman, (who is since decetffed) their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of One thousand Years, to be computed from the said Testator’s Death, without Impeachment of Waste, upon 1'uchTrufts, and for such Intents and Purposes, and fub-je£t to such Provisoes as were therein-after expressed concerning the same Term, and subject to the said Term and to the Trusts thereof, the said Testator gave and devised all his said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever in the said Counties of Northumberland and Durham, with their several Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, unto and to the Use and Behoof of his Son Thomas Bonner and his Assigns during the Term of his natural Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with Remainder to Thomas Blackett, of Oak Wood Hou/e, in the said County of Northumberland, Esquire, and Richard Brown, of Wylam, in the said County, Gentleman, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Thomas Bonner, the Son, in Trust to preserve the Contingent Remainders thereinafter limited, but nevertheless to permit thd said Thomas Bonner and his Assigns to receive the Rents and Profits thereof during his life, subject to the Proviso thereinafter1 contained, in case of his living and residing in America, and from and after the Decease of the said Thomas Bonner, to the Use of the first. and every other Son of the said Thomas Bonner the Son, severally and successively according to Priority of Birth, in Tail Male; Remainder to the Use of the second and every other younger Son of his the said Testator’s Son Robert Bonner Warwick, severally and successively according to Priority of Birth, in Tail Male; with Remainder to the Testator’s own right Heirs; and the said Testator declared his Will to be, that his said Estates were so devised to the Use of the Secondand other Son and Sons of the said Robert Bonner Warwick, and the several and respective Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, in Succession as aforesaid, upon Condition that such Son and Sons of the said Robert Bonner Warwick, and the respective Heirs Male of their respective Bodies, should, when they should respectively come into or be entitled unto the Possession of his Estates, take upon, themselves and continue to use the Sirname of Bonner, and no other Sir-name; and the said Testator declared his Will to be that, if it should hap-peil that his said Son Thomas Bonner should die without leaving Male Issue, and before his said Son Robert Bonner Warwick should have a Sen capable of taking his said Estates, under and by virtue of his said Will, then he gave all his said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and the Rents, Jftiies, and Profits thereof, subject as aforesaid, to and for the Use of his said Three Daughters Sarah, Ann, and Maria Grace Bonner, and their Assigns, as Tenants in common, from the Death of his said Son Thomas, till the Birth of a Son of his said Son Robert Bonner Warwick, capable of taking the fame under his said Will, or until the Po -16 fibilit)

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 155.

tibiliiy of the Birth of such Son should be extinguished, with a Proviso, that i.*» case Margaret, the Wife of his said Son Thomas, should survive him, then all his laid Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments should (land charged with an Annuity of Fifty Pounds to her and her Assigns for her natural Life, payable as therein mentioned; and the said deflator declared, that the MeftuageS, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises lb limited to the said William Darnell and Robert Rayne, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of One thousand Years, were so limited to them upon Trust, that they or the Survivor of them, should out of the Rents and Profits of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, or by Mortgage thereof, or a competent Part thereof, for all or any Pat of the said Term of One thousand Years, raise and pay to his said Son Robert Bonner Warwick, and the Testator’s said Daughters, the several Legacies or Sums of Money thereby given to them respectively, with Interest for the same as aforesaid; and also the several other Legacies thereinafter bequeathed, and also an Annuity of Fifty Pounds given to his Daughter-in-Law Margaret Bonner for her Life, (which Annuity is now determined by her Death); and upon further Trust, that in case his said Son Thomas Bonner should at any Time or Times thereafter live and reside in any Part of America, then and in such Case the said William Darnell and Robert Rayne, and the Survivor of them, should, for and during all such Time and Times as the said Thomas Bonner should live and reside in America, pay, and apply to and for the Use of his said Three Daughters, and the Survivors, and Survivor of them, all the Rents and Profits of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, comprised in the said Term of One thousand Years, as other wise would have been payable to his said Son and his Assigns; and the said Testator thereby directed, that as foonas the Trusts of the said Term should have been performed, then the said Term, or so much thereof as should remain undisposed of, should cease and become voidand the said Testator thereby willed and declared, that it should be lawful for his said Son Thomas Bonner, and for such other Persons as were thereby made Tenants for Life, being in Possession of the Hereditaments and Premises limited to them for Life, to make such Leases thereof as therein mentioned y and after giving several small Legacies, the said Testator gave, devised, and bequeathed all the Rest, Residue, and Remainder of his Estate and Effects not thereby otherwise disposed of, to his Son Thomas Bonner, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and appointed him foie Executor of his said Will: And whereas the said Testator Thomas Bonner, on or about the Twenty-second Day of November One thousand seven hundred and niiiety-seven, made a Codicil to his said Will, but unattefted, whereby he gave and bequeathed unto his said Three Daughters Sarah Bonner, Ann Bonner, Maria Grace Bonner, Eight hundred Pounds each, in addition to the said Legacies given them respectively by his said Will, to be paid to them respectively within Six Months after his Decease. with interest at Four per Centum from the Time of his Death, and directed that the said Codicil or Writing should be taken and considered as Part of his Will: And whereas, the said Testator departed this Life in the Month of January One thousand seven hundred and ninety-eight, without revoking or altering his said Will and Codicil, which have been duly proved by the said Thomas Bonner the Son, who entred into Possession and Receipt of the Rents and Profits of the Real Estates devised by the said Testator as aforesaid, and possessed himself of Personal

Efta/.e

3°43

>dic3, 22(3 3V. 1797.

3-44

4§‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 155.

Estate and Effects: And whereas the said Robert Rayne departed this Life in the Month of November One-thousand seven hundred and ninety-six: And whereas the said Margaret Bonner departed this Life on the Ienth of August One thousand eight hundred and six: And whereas the said Sarah Bonner, Ann Bonner, and Maria Grace Bonner, are all living, and have all attained the Age of Twenty-one Years: And whereas the said Thomas Bonner the Son intermarried with Margaret Frafer, and hath Ilfue by her, Thomas Bonner, now an Infant of the Age of Eleven Yeate, or thereabouts, and no other Child: And whereas the said Robert BcmnerWarwick intermarried with Mary Atkinson, on or about the Thirteenth Day of February One thousand seven hundred and ninety-two, and has issue by her three Sons, videlicet, Francis his deleft Son, aged Six Years or thereabouts, John his second Son, aged about Three Years, and Ralph Maddifon, aged about Two Decree of the Years: And whereas, by a Decree made by the Lord High Chancellor, Court of on the Seventh Day of February One thousand eight hundred and four, in 7thFcbT8tu a cem!n Cause depending in the Court of Chancery, wherein the said 1 '* °+’ Sarah Banner and Maria Grace Bonner were Plaintiffs, and the said Thomas Bonner the Son and Margaret his Wife and the said Thomas Bonner, their Infant Son by the said Thomas Bonner his Father and Guardian, the said Robert Bonner Warwick, Ann Bonner, and William Darnell, were Defendants (the said Robert Bonner Warwick the elder Son and Heir at Law' of the Testator Thomas Bonner by his Answer admitting the Will of the said Testator) it was declared, that the fame ought to be established, and the Trusts thereof performed and carried into Execution; and the fame was decreed accordingly; and it was ordered, that it should be referred to Master Simeon, one of the Masters of the said Court, to take an Account of the Personal Estate of the said Testator, not specifically bequeathed, come to the Hands of the said Thomas Bonner, his foie Executor; and it was further ordered, that the Master should take an Account of the said Testator’s Debts, Funeral Expences, and Legacies, and esquire whether the Sum of Seven hundred Pounds, for which the said Testator became bound as Surety for his Son Robert Bonner Warwick, was paid; and it was ordered, that the said Testator’s Personal Estate, not specifically bequeathed, should be applied in Payment of his Debts and Funeral Expences, and then in Payment of the Legacies given by the Codicil of the said Testator; and it was further ordered, that the said Master should esquire what Real Estates, in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham, the said Testator was seized of at the Time of making his said Will: And whereas the said Master, by his Report made in the said Cause on the Sixteenth Day of July One thousand eight hundred and six, certified (amongst other Things) that he found that the said Bond given by the said Testator as Surety for his Son, had been satisfiedby his said Son in the Life-time of his Father, and that the said Testator, at the Time of making his Will, and at the Time of his Death, was seized of several Real Estates in the Counties of Northumberland and Durham, set forth in the Fourth Schedule to such Report: And whereas, by an Order made by the Lord Chancellor on the Twenty-seventh Day of February One thousand eight hundred and seven, in the said Cause, it was declared, that the Legacies given by the Codicil of the said Testator were not well charged on his Real Estates, that the said Robert Bonner Warwick vtas entitled to be paid his Legacy of Five hundred Pounds so given to him by the Will of the said Testator, and that the Costs of all Parties to this Suit should be taxed, and that the Master should ascertain what Part thereof ought to be paid out

3® 45

4 8° G % O R fr' If III. Cup, 1 ty, ,

put of the Perfpnai Efc*te, giid w.hai; Part put of- the Real Eftattj of thfc laid. JcttatQr, at id put of the-Susa of Two*ihoui'and two hundred and forty-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight-pence, Calli in the Bank} pUc. c.d to tire Grcdlt of the said Ciuife, and that what should be reported due to the several Legatees, giyeadjy the said Testator's Will, in respeEi of their Legacies and L.ntur.ciis, or to-much thereof as his Personal Estate Would R9.t satisfy* and id much of the Coils of the said Suit as are to be paid out of the Real Estates of the Avid deflator, should be raised by Mortgage pr Sale of the Estates coiKpriaed in the said Term of One thousand Years: And whereas the i'zidT/ionuis Benner the Son, on the Sixth Day of February One thousand qgl^jiundTed and seven, paid the said Sum of Two thou land two hundred and-forty-six Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Eight-pence, being the fail Sum reported due from him on Account of the Pcjfonal Estate of the said Testator Thomas Bonner, into the Bank, to the Credit of the Cause: And whereas the Legacies given by the Codicil of the said Testator amount to Two thousand four hundred Pounds, which the Balance so paid in by the said Thomas Bonner the Son was insufficient to cover and satisfy, so that the Whole of the Legacies due to the several Legatees under the said Testator's Will, and which are more particularly fetforth in the Third Schedule to this Act annexed, and amounting to Four thousand one hundred and eighty-four Pounds One Shilling, remained to be:raised by Mortgage or Sale,of the Estates comprized in the said Term of One thousand Years, limited by the said Testator’s Will: And whereas the Sum necessary for the l^scharge of the said Legacies j^iven by the said Will cannot be. raised either by Mortgage of the said devised Hereditaments, or any Part tiiereof, or by the Sale,of the fame, or of any Part thereof for the said Term of One thousand Years, in so advantageous a Manner as by jSale of a fuftkient Part thereof in Fee: And whereas, a certain Messuage, Tenement, and Farm, called Kii/w^vorm farm, situate in the Parish of Long Benton, in the said County of% Northumberland, and Part of the Real Estates. set forth in the Fourth Schedule fp. the said Mailer's Repeat, and also in the First Schedule' to this Act annexed, lies detached, and at a considerable Distance from the Residue of the said devised Estates, and is also the smallest of such Estates equal to the Payment of the Legacies given by the said Will, and is therefore die Estate bell adapted to be sold for the Purposes of the said Wiil; and it would- be more advantageous to all Persons interested under the fakj that the Fee-simple thereof should b£ fold, than that the fame flip ill cf be sold for any Term of Years.: And whereas the said Estate called Killtng'worth Fann would produce by fitch Sale of the Fee-simple thereof, more Money than would be sufficient for the Payment of the said Legacies so given by the said. Will, as aforesaid; and: the bite rest and Cells mentioned in, the above recited Orders: And' whereas-the said Thomas Bonner claims to be fei^ed. in Fee-simple of certain Freehold 3£state& situate in the Townships of CoUier/y and Kyo, in the said County of Durham* and now in the Pc.flession of the said Thomas Bonner containing By Estimation Three hundred and seventy-feur Acres or thereabouts, and ippre particularly described and set forth in the Second Schedule to this Act, certain Parts whereof are cor tig up ns to and convenient to be occupied with the Estates devised by the said Will of the said deflator5; and it.would be. very advantageous, to the Persons intarelled under the-said Will, in the said devised Estates, if the AVholev of the said Estate called Killbgw.orth Farm, were fold* and-if, after paying out of the Money

IU. & Per.l "34 C ’ produced

3946

Premise* vested in Trust«e«.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 155.

produced by such Sale, the several Legacies charged upon the said devised Estates, and making such other Payments as ought to be made out of the Purchase Money of the said ERate, by Virtue of the said recited Decree and Orders, the Residue or Surplus of such Purchase Money were laid out in the Purchase of so much or such Part or Parts of the said Freehold Estates, situated at Collierly and Kyo (whereof the said Thomas Bonner so claims to be seized in Fee-simple as aforesaid), as is or are equal in Value to such Residue, the said Thomas Bonr.er being willing to convey the fame at a fair Price, and if such Part or Parts of the said Freehold Estates, so to be purchased with such Residue or Surplus as aforesaid, were conveyed to, for, and upon the subsisting Uses and Trusts of the said Will: And whereas in the said Cause herein-before mentioned to be depending in the said Court of Chancery, the said Tkombi Bonner, on the Twenty-second Day of February One thousand eight hundred and eight, preferred his Petition to the Right Honourable the Matter of the Rolls, praying that it might be referred to the Matter, to whom the said Cause flood referred, to enquire whether it would or not be for the Advantage of the Infant in that Cause to obtain an Act of Parliament for effectuating the Purposes above-mentioned: And whereas, by an Order made at the Rolls, by the Right Honourable the Mailer of the Rolls, in the fame Cause, bearing Date the Twenty-fifth Day of February One thousand eight hundred and eight, upon the said Petition of the said Thomas Bonner being heard, it was ordered that it should be referred to the said Matter, to enquire and Rate to the Court whether it would be for the Benefit of the Defendant, the Infant, that an Application should be made to Parliament for an Act to fell the said Estate called the Killingworth Farm, in Fee, and after Payment of the Legacies charged upon the said deviled Estates, and the Payments which ought to be made out of the Purchase Money of the said Estate, by virtue of the said Decree, to lay out the Residue of the Money to arise by the said Sale in the Purchase of such Part or Parts of the said Freehold Estates in the Petition mentioned, situate at Collierly and Kyo, whereof the said Thomas Bonner was seized as therein mentioned, as was or were equal in Value to the fame, to be conveyed to and upon the subsisting Uses and Trusts in the said Will of the said Thomas Bonner deceased; and it was thereby ordered that the said Matter should Rate the Result of the said Enquiry, with his Opinion thereon, to the Court: And whereas, in pursuance of the said last-mentioned Order, the said Matter made his Report, bearing Date the Twenty-ninth Day of March One thousand eight hundred and eight, wherein, after Rating that he had considered the fame, he certified his Opinion to be that it would be for the Benefit of the said Defendant, the Infant, that an Application should be made to Parliament, for an Act to effectuate the Purposes in the said Petition mentioned: Wherefore Your Majesty's moR dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Thomas Bonner, on Behalf of himself and his said Infant Son Thomas Bonner, most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s moR Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all that the said Messuage, Tenement, and Farm, called Killingworth Farm, situated in (he Parish of Long Benton, in the said County of Northumberland, heretofore in the Tenure or Occupation of Michael, Charlton, and now of Roger Brown, containing by ERimation One hundred and eighty-fi* Acre?, be the feme "lhore or less, more par-... ticularly

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 155. 3047

ticularly described and set forth in the First Schedule to this Acty together with all Ways, Paths, Passages, Watercourses, Yards, Gardens, Orchards, Barns, Stables, Edifices, Buildings, Outhouses,' Pastures, Commons, Common of Failure, Woods, Underwoods, Ease-ments, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, and Appurtenances whatsoever, to the said , Messuage, or Tenement, Hereditaments and Prc-mises, or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof belonging or in any wise appertaining, or with the iame, or any Part thereof, held, used, occupied or enjoyed, or accepted, reputed, deemed, taken, or kno wn as Part, Parcel, or Member thereofand the Reversion and Reverftdns,

Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Kfucs, and Profits thereof, and of every Part and Parcel thereof, shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be veiled in, and the same are hereby from thenceforth vetted in Wi'llt&h Roberts oi Lincoln’s Jnnr in the County of Midrikfex, F.squire, and John Richards, of Red Lion Square, in the said County, Gentleman, their Heirs and Assigns for ^ver, freed and absolutely acquitted, exempted, exonerated, and discharged of, from, and against all and every the Uses,

Trusts, Estates, Limitations, Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations in and by the said Will of the said Testator Thomas Bonner limited, created, expressed, and declared of and concerning the same; but nevertheless upon the Trusts, and to and for the Ends, Intents, and Purposes, and subject to the Provisoes and Agreements herein after mentioned, expressed, and declared of and concerning the same, that is to say, Upon Trust that they the said William Roberts and John Richards, or the Survivor of them, of the Heirs or Amgns of such Survivor, do and shall with all convenient Speed absolutely make Sale and dispose of the said Messuage, Tenement, and Farm, called KiUingworth Farm, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, and the Fee Simple and Inheritance thereof, either together or in Lots, unto any Person or Persons whomsoever, and by Public Auction or by Private Contract, for the best Price or Prices, and for the most Money which can be reasonably obtained for the fame; and upon Payment by such Purchaser or Purchasers of his, her, or their Purchase-Money or Monies into the Bank of England, as hereinafter-mentioned, do and shall, at the Costs and Charges of such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Heirs; Executors, or Administrators, convey and assure the said Messuage, Tenement, and Farm, called Killingworth Farm, with the Appurtenances hereby'so vested in them the said William Roberts and John Richards, their Heirs and Assigns a« aforesaid, unto and for the Use of such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns for ever; or to such Uses upon such Trusts, and in such Manner as he or they shall direct, absolutely freed and discharged as herein-before mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Money to arise by the Sale of Monies to all or any Part or Parts of the said Messuage, Tenement, and Farm, to be arise by the fold in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid into the Bank of England in Sale to be paid the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and placed to his Account there, " ex-parte the Pur- countant Ge-chafer or Purchasers of Part of the devised Estates of Thomas Bonner de- neral’sName, ceased," pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year ai?.d V3.b^aP‘ of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter the Thirty-second, and the J,entofLega-General Orders of the said Court; and without Fee or Reward, according ciesandtoit*, to the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Ring the Second,

Chapter

3048

Residue to be laid out in the Purchase of other Land9, and settled to the subsisting Use«;of the Estates so fold.

48° GEORGII III. <7^.155-

Chapter Twenty-four, and as soon as conveniently may be, after the Money to arifeby such Sale or Sales as aforesaid shall have been to paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, the fame shall, under the Direction of the said Court, in the hrft Place be applied in or towards Payment to the said several Legatees, under the said Will of the said Thomas Bonner deceased, of their several Legacies charged by his said Will on the said devised Estates as aforesaid, and more particularly set forth in the said Third Schedule to this Act annexed, and all Interest: (if any) due upon or for the fame, or any of them; and then in Payment of all Colls under the Orders of the said Court, heretofore made in the said Cause or to be made from Time to Time, and also of the Costs incurred and to be incurred in and about the obtaining and passing of this Act, and by making such Sale or Sales, and other Applications to the said Court in pursuance thereof as herein directed, and upon a Petition to the said Court of Chancery to be presented in a summary way by the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be entitled under or by virtue of the said Will or of this Act to the Rents and Profits of the said Farm and other Hereditaments to be sold as aforesaid, if such Person or persons shall be of full Age, but if not, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, the Residue or Surplus of the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall, in such Manner as the said Court of Chancery may think fit to direct, be laid out in the Purchase of so much and such Part or Parts of the said Freehold Estates fitiiate as Collierly and Kyo as aforesaid, and comprized in the said Second Schedule to this Act annexed, as shall be deemed by the said Court adequate in Amount to such Residue, or otherwise in the Purchase of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Fee Simple, in Possession, free from Incumbrances.(except Fee Farm, Chief, or Quit Rents) and to be situate in England; and the Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid shall as soon as may be after such Purchase thereof, be conveyed, settled and allured, to the Uses upon and for the Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and with, under, and subject to the Powers, Provisoes, and Declarations,' which, under and by virtue of the said recited Will of the said Thomas Bonner deceased, were, previously to the passing of this Act, subsisting or capable of taking effect of or in the said Farm and other Hereditaments hereby vested in the said William Roberts and John Richards, and their Heirs, or to, upon, for, with, under and subject to such, or so many of the same Uses, Trulls, Intents, Purposes, Powers, Provisoes, and Limitations, as shall be then subsisting and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time until such Surplus of the Money to be j paid into the Bank as aforesaid shall be ordered to be paid or applied by the said Court of Chancery as aforesaid, the fame shall, by the Direction of the said Court, be laid out in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills; or Exchequer Bills and the Interest arising from the Money l'o laid out in the said Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the lame, as they shall be respectively paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Name of the said Accountant-General in the Purchase of other Navy, Victualling, of Exchequer Bills; and all the said Navy, Victualling, of Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in the Bank of England\ in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until a Purchase or Purchases shall be found and approve! as herein-before directed for the Investment thereof, and until the fame shall, under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery, be ordered by 2 the

48° GEORGII III. Gtf.isi.

3049

the said Court to be sold by the said Accountant General, for the completing of such Purchase or Purchases; and if the Money to arise by the Sale of such Bills exceed the Amount of the original Purchase Money, so to be laid out in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills, or Exchequer Bills, as aforesaid, then and in such case only, the Surplus which shall remain, after discharging all Colts and Expences to be incurred by Application to be made to the said Court in anywise relating to the Premises, shall be paid to such Person or Persons respectively, his, her, or their Execu-tors, Administrators, or Assigns, as would have been entitled to receive the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments to be purchased as aforesaid, in case the fame had been purchased pursuant to this Act.

III. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That the Certifi- Cert^cateof cate or Certificates of the said Accountant General, together with the an*

Receipt or Receipts of any One of the Cashiers of the Bank of England, &c. a good to be annexed thereto, and therewith filed in the Register Office of the Discharge t<* said Court of Chancery, of the Payment into the Bank of all or any Part purchasers* of the Money to arise by the Sale of the said Farm and Hereditaments hereby directed to befold as aforesaid, of his, her, or their Purchase Money,

shall be a good Discharge or good Discharges for such Sums of Money as in such Certificates or Receipts respectively shall be expressed to have been paid or received, and that such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall not afterwards be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application of such Purchase Money, or any Part thereof

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That it shall be Power for the lawful for the said Court of Chancery from Time to Time to make such Court of Orders as the said Court shall think proper for taxing or settling all Colls Cha"c»rYto under the Orders of the said Court, heretofore made or to be made in taxCo *' the said Cause, and all the Colls and Expences to be incurred by foliating

and obtaining this Act, and by making the several Applications to be made to the said Court in puvfuance thereof, and by making and completing the Sales of the said Farm and other Hereditaments hereby made saleable as aforesaid, and by inveiling all or any of the Monies which, in pursuance of this Act, shall be paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, in the Purchase or Sale of Navy, Victualling, or Exchequer Bills, or in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, according to the Directions hereinbefore given, or otherwise by carrying the Trulls and Purposes of this Act into Effect, and also for the Payment of all such Colts and Expences as to the said Court shall seem fit, out of the Monies to arise by any Sale or Sales to be made in pursuance of this Act.

V. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That in the mean Till Sale of Time, and until such Sale or Sales as aforesaid shall be made of the said Premises Farm and other Hereditaments hereby veiled in Trull to be sold as afore- Rcn.!tobe said, the said William Roberts and John Richards, and the Survivor of persons them, and the Heirs of such Survivor, shall permit and suffer the tied.

Rents and Profits of the fame Farm and other Hereditaments to be received by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to

have received such Rents and Profits if this Act had not been made.

34

Vf. Provided

3^5®

Trustees onf answerable ft

Aas.own

General

Evidence.

4$° GEORGII III. Cap. 155.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority afore* Paid, That the said William Roberts and John Richards, or either of them’ their or either of their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall not be answerable or accountable the one for the other, or for the Acts, Receipts, Neglects, or Defaults of the other, but each of them for himself and his own Acts, Receipts, Neglects, and Defaults only.

VII. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick and Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Successors, (other than and except the said Thomas Bonner and his Infant Son, the said Thomas Bonner, and his Issue, and the Second and other younger Sons of the said Robert Bonner Warwick and their Issue) and all other Persons claiming any Estate or Interest in the said Messuage, Tenement, and Farm, called Killingworth Farm, under the said Will of the said Thomas Bonner deceased, all such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, of, in, to, or out of the said Hereditaments and Premises, so hereby veiled in Trull as aforesaid, as they respectively had before the passing of this Act, or would, could, or might have had, in case the fame had not been made: Provided always nevertheless, that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to extend, to prevent the Legatees under the Will of the said Thomas Bonner, or any of them, from proceeding in the said Court of Chancery, or prosecuting any other legal Means for compelling a Mortgage or Sale of the Hereditaments comprised in the said Term of One thousand Years (other than the said Messuage, Tenement, and Farm, called Killingworth Farm) to be made according to the Directions of the said Will, for raising and paying their said several Legacies, together with all Interest and Costs which shall or may be due or payable for the fame, or in respect thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

Th«

48* GEORGII III. Cap. 155, 3051

Vtdfc TpHocbuA (6 ta.&xaip nrfjint n . . ih-- lyj- a- I

tm3riJloi9ri3ij) to ' A h:«-: I . "! (btt

mu .3tT^A.'to> jiriituK / u> >:. . !i v.< fibril

The First SCHEDULE.

Of the Estate called Killingworth Farm, referred to in the foregoing Act.

A Messuage. A. R. P.

i Back Close: 7 I 36

1 Garden and Stack-yard 0 2 24

3 Ridges 7 2 12

4 Bank Head > 14 1 7

5 Long Bank Foot *7 0 22

6 Middle Bank 20 3 16

7 East Bank ° > 14 3 0

8 Low Hathery Nook 7 3

g High Hathery Nook 9 0 5

10 Low Rulhey Reins 10 1 24

11 High Ruihy Reins io 0 20

12 North Moor Field 16 3 20

13 East Moor Field 16 1 *5

14 Middle Moor Field 17 0 0

15 West Moor Field 16 018

i85 i 25

The annual Rent of the above Estate is estimated at £275. a Year,

JOHN FRYER.

The

3°5*

+8* G E ORGII III. Cap. i $$ The SECOND SCHEDULE.

Of the Freehold Lands in Collierlv and ICyo, referred to in the foregoing Act.

IN COLLIERLV.

1 South Field

2 East Horne Field

3 Calf Close

4 Houses’ and Stack-yard

5 Part of West Horne Field

6 Part of Barn Field.

7 Part of East Hdfne Field

IN KYO.

8 Part of Horne Field

g Part of Barn Field

10 Part of West Horne Field

11 West Park itt East Park

13 Part of South Burn-field

14 Part of North Burn-field.

A. R. P.

48 0 0

36 O 18

3 3 20 1 o 6

32 1 18 1 2 34

ii 3 26 -----145 I 2

17 3 o 43 2 8

8 o 28 70 1 10

60 3 30 24 2 8

4 1 16

- 22$ 2 id

Total 374 3 22

The annual Rent of the above Estate is estimated at £ 29 j. a Year.

JOHN FRYER:

The THIRD SCHEDULE.

Of the Legacies referred to in the foregoing Act, and charged upon the Real Estates devised by the Will of the Lid Thomas Bonner.

To Robert Bonner Warwick £ 50 0 0 d. O

Isabella Losh - 21 O O

Sarah Bonner 1,200 O O

Ann Bonner 1,200 O O

Maria Grace Bonner 1,200 O O

William Darnell 21 O O

Robert Rayne 21 O O

Mathew Charlton IO O O

Prudence Rain m IO O O

Elizabeth Wood ? 1 1 O

4,184 1 o

I have carefully examined the above Schedule with the said Will.

JOHN RICHARDS.

LONDON: Primed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*H|HMH S*

Cap. 156.

An Act for vesting in Samuel Robert Gauffen of North Mimms in the County of Hertford, Esquire, a Messuage and Farm with the Appurtenances in North Mimms aforesaid; and for applying the Money to arise thereby in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses as the Ellate fold.

[2d July 1808.]

'W IT WHEREAS by Indenture of Feoffment with Livery of Seizin \f\j indorsed, bearing Date on or about the Twentieth Day of Ma*cb One thousand six hundred and twenty-two, and made between Hugh Mafcall, Thomas Curtys, and Henry Loft, of the one Part, and Valentine Dey.rowe Gentleman, and Twenty-two other Persons therein mmed, ail Parishione-s and Inhabitants of the Parish of Enfield in the County of Middlesex, of the other Part; the said Hugh Mafcall, Thomas Curtys, and Henry Loft, did grant and enfeoff unto the said Valentine Defer owe and the said several other Persons and their Heirs, all that Farm-house, Messuage, or Tenement and all those Lands and Grounds lying in sundry Ciofes with the Appurtenances called or known by the Name of Marches- and Devizes, containing together by Estimation Thirty Acres (more or lei's) situate, lying and being in North Mimms aforesaid, then lately purchased ot William Roberts Doctor of Divinity; to hold the fame unto and to the Use of the said Val.ntine Deycrciue and the saiddcveral other [Lee. & ferh] 34 F Persons,

3058

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 156.

Persons, their Heirs and Assigns for ever, to and for the only Use, Benefit, and Behoof of the Town and Parish of Enfield aforesaid, in, for, and under the Limitations and Provisions therein and hereinafter exprtffed *nd declared of and concerning the same; that is ro say, upon Ttuft that they the said Hugh Mafcall, Thomas Curtys, Henry Loft, Valentine Deycrowe, and other the Co-feoffees and the Survivor and Survivors of them and their Heirs from Time to Time always and for ever thereafter the next Sabbath Day after their or any of their Receipt of the Rents, Issues or Profits of the Premfes preLntly after Divine Service or Sermon ended, should signify and give Notice of a Vestry to meet in the Afternoon of the same Day; and then and there that fame Afternoon they should bring the said Rent and Money out of and for the Farm of the said Premises so by them or any of them received, to the Intent that by the Consent of the Vestry there assembled, the said Rent or Money might be disposed and bestowed according as the greatest Number of Persons at the said Vyftry assembled for the Time being should consent and agree, so that it should be to and for any general Use that did concern the said Town and Parish of Enfield, or Poor there, or otherwise to be laid up and reserved in the Store-house Chest, that it might be in a Readiness at any Time as often and whensoeverOcca* fion should serve and require to dispose of the same to and for the Uses aforesaid; and it was thereby consented, agreed and concluded by and between all the said Parties thereto, that the said Feoffees should not grant, demise, or let the said Premises or any Parc thereof determined by Demise, Leaie, or any other Ways whatsoever to exceed the Number of Twenty-one Years, nor should do any other Act, Thing or Things whatsoever in or about or concerning the Premises, or dispose of the Rents or Profits thereof and thereout arising, coming, growing, or to be made without the special Consent of a Vestry or of the major Part thereof thereunto first had and obtained; and it was thereby further consented, agreed, and concluded by and between all the said Parries thereto, that no Person or Persons which should be a Feoffee of the said Messuage, Tenement, and Premises, or any Part thereof, should be made or admitted Tenant, Farmer, or Lessee of or to the said Tenement and Premises or any Part thereof in any wise during the Time that he or they should b= Feoffee or Feoffees thereof j and it was further consented, concluded, and agreed by and between all the said Parties thereto, that no Person or Persons that then were Feoffee or Fe> ffees, or that thereafter shouldi be a Fetffee or Feoffees of the said Premifts, should intermeddle to receive the Rents or Profits, or should deai of, in, or with the fame or any Part thereof any longer than while and during such Time as he or they should dwell or inhabit, and be abiding within the said Town and Parish of Enfield, but that upon reasonable Request, and at the Costs and Charges of the said other Feoffees or some of them within Three Months next after his or their Remove or Departure to dwell out of the said Parish of Enfield, should remise, release, and quit claim or otherwise in due Form of Law grant and convey all his, their, and every of their Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand of, in and to the said Messuage or Tenement, Lands, Grounds, and Premises unto him or them granted or conveyed by those Presents unto a 1 the Residue of the surviving Feoffees which should then be Jiving and inhabiting within the said Town and Parish of Enfield* to the only Ufts, Intents and Purposes aforesaid; and the further Intent and Meaning cf those Presents and of all the Parties to the fame were, that when the said Hugh Mafcall, Thomas Curtys, Henry Left, Valentine Deycrowe, Henry Hunfdon the younger and Henry Hunfdon the elder,.

3059

4.8* GEORGII III. Cap. its.

cHfer* Elifeui Wybard, and the Refi iue of the Parties to those Presents should be all icoeaftd or departed and be gone to dwell out of the said Parish of Enfield, except Six, Five, or Four of them at the lead, that then the said Six, Five, or Four of them so surviving and inhabiting within the said Parish of Enfold, within One Quarter of a Year then after, upon reasonable Request, and at the commonCofts and Charges of the said Town and Parish of Enfield, should make, seal, and deliver one other Deed of Feoffment indented unto Ten other Persons at the least of discreet and substantial wealthy Men there dwelling and inhabiting within the said Parish of Enfield, io be elefled, nominated, and chosen by a Vestry as is abovesaid, the said Vestry to be held upon public Warning and Notice on the Sabbath Day in the Church presently after Divine Service or Sermon ended; and they the said S x, Five, or Four Persons surviving in and by the said Deed of Feoffment indented, the said other Ten Persons or nv re should eifeoff of aid in the said Messuage, Land, and Premises with the Appurtenance?, and should execute the fame, with Livery and Seizin or otherwise, in due Form of Law sufficiencly to pass, convey, and settle the Estate and Inheritance in Fee Simple of the said Messuage or Tenement, Lands and Premises, in them the said Ten Persons or more and their Heirs in such like Manner and Form, and to the like Intents and Purposes in all Respects as are before in those Presents expressVd and specified and upon the like Declarations; and that the said other Ten or more Persons to whom the said Deed of Feoffment should be made, should likewise from Time to Time forever observe, personn, and fulfil all Inrents, Uies, and Purposes in, touching, for, out of or concerning the Premises, according to the Limitations and Provisions contained in those Presents; and lastly, to the Intent that a certain lettled and good Order might from Time to Time and always thereafter beo’oferved and kept in and about the receiving of the Rents, IfLies, Profits and Revenue of the Premises, as the fame should grow due to be levied and received; it is consented, concluded, and agreed by and between all the Parties to those Prelenrs, that the Two first nom nated Persons in those Presents, or the Survivor of them respectively, for the First and present Year, should collcfl, gaihcr, receive, and be Receiver and Receivers of the Rents, Ifiiie*, Profits, and Revenue of the Premises for and in the Names of the other Panics to those Preltncs, and so afterwards from Year ro Year luccefiively during their Lives, all and every the said Persons, Parties to tho<e Presents, by Two and Two every Year in order and cou. fe iccceffively as it should come and fall to their Turns, or the Survivor of the said Two Persons should Yearly collefl, gather, receive, and be'Receiver and Receivers of the Rents, Issues, Profits, and Revenues of the Premises; and the Sabbsth Day nrxc following after their, any and every of their laid Collection and Receipt thereof, to give Notice or Warning fora Vestry to be held in the Afternoon, and then that fame Sibfa h Day ta pay the lame Rent, Revenue, and Profits of the Premises, and deliver the lame over in Manner and Form as in and by those Presents before therein are and is mentioned, appointed, and declared: And whereas by The said virtue cf Mesne Conveyarces and other Assurances in the Law, h®*

the said Farm and Hereditaments comprized in the said recited othlr pair denture of Feoffment are now become veiled in William Beckett, riihicner^ Thomas Hill, Williatft Baker Naylor, Joseph Ur (nun, Abraham Wilkinson,

Jofiepb Welsh, Newell Connop and Richard Gough, all Parishioners and Inhabitants of the Parish of Enfield aforesaid, their Heirs and Assigns inTruft

as

3°6o

Lease of 1805 expired.

Vestry of Enfield Parish, October 1805.

OfferstoVeftry to purchase tticfcid Estate.

Appl cati n of the R-nts of the ia dEttate.

Proposed Sale o' the said Estate for t ,5001.

48° GEORGII III. Cap'. 156-

as aforesaid: And whereas the last Lease granted of the ft me Estate which expired at Michaelmas One thousand eight hundred and five was to a Mr. Phillips at the Yearly Rent of Eighteen Pounds E'ghteen Shillings only: And whereas a Vestry for the said Parish of Enfield was held on the Seventeenth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and five, when it was resolved that the said Estate should be let on Lease for Twenty-one Years from Michaelmas then last, the Tenant to expend One hundred and fifty Pounds at least in substancial Repairs, towards which Fifty Pounds should be allowed by the Parish; and Directions were given for publdhing Advertisements for receiving Proposals which were complied with, and at a Vestry held for the said Parish on the Thirty-first Day of October One thousand eight hundred and five, several Tenders were presented, none of which exceeded Thirty-six Pounds, as the Annual Rent for the said Estate, and the said Parish to repair the Premises: And whereas an Offer was also made at the fame Vestry to purchase the said Estate, which the Vestry considered as highly advantageous, and the wh-;le Business was therefore referred to the Consideration of the next Vestry, which was held on the Seventh Day of November following, when the Minutes of the last Vestry for letting the said Estate were refeinded, and a Contract was made for felling the Estate to Samuel Robert Gaujftn of North Mimms aforesaid Esquire for One thousand five hundred Pounds; and an Agreement was accordingly on that Day entered into between Henry Savoyer the Vestry Clerk of the said Parish of Enfield, on Behalf of the Trustees of the said Estate of the one Part, and Joseph Scrace of North Mimms aforesaid on Behalf of the said Samuel Robert Gaujfen of the other Parr, whereby it was agreed that the said Trustets should make out a good Title and by good and sufficient Conveyances in the Law convey and allure unto the said Samuel Robert GauJJ'en and his Heirs all that the said Farm and Hereditaments comprized in the said recited Indenture of Fecffment wi h the Appurtenances, and that the said Samuel Robert Gauf-should receive all the Rents, Hides, and Profits thereof from the Twenty-ninth Day of September then last, in Consideration w! ereof the said Joseph Scrace did thereby agree that the said Samuel Robert Gaujfen should pay unto the said Trustees the Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds on executing fuHi Conveyances as aforesaid: And whereas the Rents and Profits of the said Estate are now and for some Time have been applied towards paying the Salarits to the Schoolmaster and Ushers of the Free School cf Enfield: And whereas it would be highly advantageous to the said Parish If the said Agreement was carried into EftVtt and the said Elhte vt-sted in the said Samuel Robert Gavjfen in Fee Simple freed and discharged of the Uses and Trusts of the Lid recited Indemure of Feoffni mt, and the la d Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds was paid in Manner bcrcir-after mentioned, and laid out in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the lame Ufts: but inasmuch as the said icvcral Purpose-. cannot be cfte&ed without the Aid and Authority of P.ir.imient, Wherefore Your Majesty's n oft dutiful and loyal Subjects the said William Beckett, Thomas Hill, William Baler Naylor, Joseph Br tun, Abraham Wilkinforiy Joseph Welsh, NiwellGcnnop and Richard Gough, on Behalf of ihrm.'eWes and the Rest of the Paiiftiioners of the Lid Parish, do most humbly beseech Your Majesty that it may be enacted; a-nd be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Sp r.nul and Temporal, and Commons, in this, prefenc

Parliament

48" GEORGII III. Cap. 156. 3061

Parliament a fie mb led, and by the Authority of the famr, That from and Empowering immediately after the said Sum of One thousand five hundred Pound? of TruiT lawful Money of Great Britain shall be paid by him the said Samuel Robert Mate. Gaujfen, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, into the Bank of England in the Manner hereinafter mentioned, and after fjch Receipt shall be given as herein-after is ditefted to be given fur the lame, all that Messuage,

Farm-house, Barns, Stables, Cow-hoof , Lands, Heteditaments, and Pre* mises situate at North Minims aforesaid, and more particularly mentioned and delcnbed in the Schec.ule to this Act annexed, together vvidi their and every of their Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, and the Reversion and Reversions, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Ilfties, and Profits thereof, shall be and become absolutely verted in and ferried upon the Laid Samuel Robert Gaujfen, his Heirs and Assigns, to the only proper Use and Behoof of him the said Samuel Robert Gaujfnn, his Heirs and Assigns, for ever freed and abfohrcly ififcharged of and from all and every the Dies,

Trusts. E Hates, Powers, Provisions, Declarations. ar,d Agreements in and by the said recited Indenture of Feuffmmt of the I'wentieth Day of March One thousand six hundred and twentyrtwo, expressed, declared, and contained of and concerning the same,

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Samuel Robert Gaujfen, his puvxt,alb Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, shall pay the said Sum of One thou- Money to be sand five hundred Pounds into the Bank of England in the Name and she°Bank.ia with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there, ex parte {he Purchaser or Purchasers of the Trust Estate called Marches and Devizes, in the Parish

of North Mimtns in the County of Hertford, belonging to the Parish of Enfield in the Councy of Middlesex, pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfch Year of the Reign of King George the First,

Chapter Thirty-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twency-four, and the Certificate or Certificates of the said Accountant General of the High Coure of Chancery, of the Payment of the said Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds, together with the Receipt or Receipts of one of the Cashiers of the Bank to be thereto annexed, and therewith filed in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery, shall be a fufikient Releaie and Discharge for the Money so paid into the Bank as aforesaid, and the said Samuel Robert Gaufen, his Heirs, Executors, or Administrators shall not afterwards be obliged to fee to the Application of fitch Money or any Part thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of One thousand five Application of hundred Pounds so paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, shall be |^cha!e laid out and inverted under the Direction and with the Approbation of the High Court of Chancery, to be signified upon an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the said Trustees, or the Tiuflec or Trustees for the Time being, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate in England^ Wales, and the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments loco be purchased shall thereupon with ail convenient Speed becpnveyedandfettledto anfitothe life of such Tiuflees or tfie Trustee or Trustees for the Time being and their Heirs and Aifigos, to be by them held upon the several Trusts, and to and for the several Ends, Intents, and Purpdes mentioned, expressed, and £Loc. & Per.2 34 G declared

3062

Interest and Ule thereof.

CoQs to be

UX:d.

General

Saving.

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 156.

declared of and concerning the Hereditaments and Premises comprized itfi the said recited Indenture of Feoffment from the Sale whereof the Money veiled in such Purchase or Purchases arose.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Sum of One thousand five hundred Pounds so d’re&ed to be paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, or so much thereof as shall not be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be applied for the payment of Colts and Expences according to the Provisions herein-after contained, shall in the mean Time and until the said Monies shall be inverted in a Purchase or Purchases as afcrdaid by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon a Pet tion to be prefeircd in a summary Way by or on the Behalf of such Trustees or Trustee for the Time being, be inverted by the said Accountant General in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities in his Name ex parte the Purchasr or Purchasers of the Trust Estate called Marches and Devizes, in the Parish of North Mimms in the County of Hertford, belonging to the Parish of Enfieldm the County of Middlesex; and in the mean Time and until such Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends or Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced B«rtk Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by the said Accountant General to such Trustee or Trustees for the Time being as aforesaid, or any One of them, and by them, or him, applied and disposed of in such and the same Manner in all Kefpe&s as the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments and Premises by Sale whereof the Money inverted in such Annuities arose, were or ought to have been applied if this Act had not been made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the High Court of Chancery from Time to Time, to make such an Order as that Court shall think fit, for taxing all Costs, Charges, and Expences v.hich shall have been incurred preparatory to, and in soliciting and applying for and obtaining and passing this Act, and in making the several Applications to the said Court of Chancery in pursuance hereof, and in making and completing the Sale of the Hereditaments hereby made saleable, and in vesting all or any of the Monies which under this Act shall be paid into the Bank of England in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments according to the Directions herein contained, or otherwise in carrying the Trusts and Purposes of this Act into Execution; and also from Time to Time to make an Order, if to the lame Court it shall seem fit, for Payment of all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as aforesaid, out of the Money so to be paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or out of the Money arising by Sale of the Bank Annuities to be purchased as aforesaid.

VI. Saving always to the King's most Excellent Majt fly, his Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, BodiesPolitic and Corporate, and their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors and Adminif-trati-rs (other than and except the said several Trustees, their Heirs and Assigns, and all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim any Estate, Right, Title, or Interest of, in, or to the said Hereditaments and Premises hereby directed to be verted in the said Samuel Robert Gauffen, his Heirs and Assigns as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, under or by virtue of the said recited Indenture of Feoffment, or any Deed granted sub-

sequent

48° GEORGII III. Cap. 156.

sequent to, and in pursuance thereof) all such Estate, Right, Title, I iterest, Claim, and Demand of, in, to, or out of the said Hereditaments and Prc-mises hereby direcded to be vested in the said Samuel Robert GauJ/ett, his Heirs and Assigns as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, as they, or any of them had before the making this Act, orcbuld, orjnight have had, held or enjoyed, in case the fame had not been made.

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s rr.oft Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be taken as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

The SCHEDULE to which the foregoing ACT refers.

Description of the Estate. Name of Occupier. Quantity.

A MdTuage, with Barn, Stables,'

Out-houses, and several Pieces or Parcels of Arable and Mea-

dow or Pasture Land, called Marches and Devizes, situate in . Samuel Robert Gaujfen 30 i 16

the Parish of North Mimms, in the County of Hertford -

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1808.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO OCTAVO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 157.

An Act to prevent the Right of Presentation to the Rtdtory and Parish Church of Simonbum., in the County of Northumberland, from lapsing, for a limited Time.

[4th July 1808.]

WHEREAS the Reftoryand Parish of Simonburn, in the County Rectory of of Northumberland, and Diocese of Durham, is very extensive, and it is expedient that the fame should be divided, and that several new and distinct Rectories and Parishes Ihou'.d be erected within-and taken out of the fame, and should be separated from the said Rectory and Parish by known Limits and Boundaries, and should be respectively provided with Parish Churches, Church Yards, Parsonage Houses, and Glebe Lands, and a sufficient Maintenance, by Tithes or otherwise, for the Re&ors of the fame respectively: And whereas, under and by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, sht Act for vesting certain Estates now i$G. 3. held in Trvjl for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital for Seamen at Greenwich, in the Comvissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, incorporated by His Majestys Letters Patent, the said Commissioners and Governors are perpetual Patrons of the said Rectory, and the Reverend James Scott Doctor in Divinity is the present Incumbent thereof: And whereas the said Rectory is of the Annual Value of Three thousand Pounds or thereabouts; and should the fame be divided as aforesaid, would be of great Benefit to the Parish, and would be capable of affording ample Provision for several Chaplains in the Royal Navy, as a Reward for long and [Loc. Iff Per ] 34 H meritorious

3066 48° GEORGII III. Cap. 157.

meritorious Professional Services: And whereas the said Commissioners and Governors are desirous of carrying into Effect the above-mentioned Purposes respecting the said Rectory and Parish of Simonburn$ and in order thereto it is necessary that the Right of Presentation should, during a limited Time, be prevented from lapsing: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem-Right of Prc- bled, and by the Authority of the same, That during the Term of Two tolajlefora Years from the passing of this Act, no Right of Presentation to the said

limited Time. R eft or y and Parish Church of Simonburn, or to the endowed Chapel of

Falstone in the Parish aforesaid, by Lapse or otherwise, shall accrue to

the Ordinary, Metropolitan, or the King’s Majesty, or any Person or Persons whatsoever.

Commission-

II. Provided always, That in the Event of the Death, Cedion, or other minate^to'the Avoidance of the present Curate of Falstone aforesaid, during the Incum-Curacy offal- bency of the said James Scott, and during the said Term of Two Years, it thTincum? be lawful for the said Commissioners and Governors, with the Con-

bency of Mr. sent of the said James Scott signified to them under his Hand and Seal, to Scott* nominate an officiating Curate to the said Chapel during the Remainder

of the said Term of Two Years.

Officiating

III. Provided also, That in the Event of the Death, Cession, or Avoid-norninated by ance of the said James Scott during the said Term of Two Years, the Commh&on. officiating Gurates who shall be appointed by the Ordinary shall be so ap-*iS’ pointed, upon the Nomination of the said Commissioners and Governors

of Greenwich Hospital, in case they shall nominate fit and proper Persons for that Purpose.

Ail not to be valid without the Consent of the Arch-bishop of York.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not be good, valid, or effectual, without the Consent of the Archbishop of York for the Time being, thereto signified by Writing under his Hand and Seal to the Lord* High Chancellor of Great Britain; and such Consent, so signified, shall be binding upon the said Archbishop and his SuccessTors, and fuGh Writing shall be inrolled in the High Court of Chancery.

[Public Act.]

v. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Printers to the King’s most

Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Excellent Majesty. 1808.

