A

COLLECTION

OF THE

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

TO BE JUDICIALLY NOTICED,

PASSED IN THE

Forty-ninth Year

OF THE REIGN OF HIS MAJESTY

KING GEORGE the THIRD:

Being the THIRD SESSION of the FOURTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty.

1809,

(Local y Personal, to be judicially noticed) 49* GEO. III. xiii

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS*.

TO BI JUDICIALLY NOTICED;

1. AN Act for continuing the Term and Powers of several Acts passed for

repairing the Harbour and Quay of Watchett, in the County of Somerset. 3

2. An Act for amending an Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating certain Fisheries in the County of Cumberland, and other Places therein mentioned, so far as respects the Fishery in the River Derwent. 9

3. An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Aberdeenshire

Canal Navigation to raise the necessary Fund to complete the same. 13

4. An Act for more effectually improving the Streets, Lanes, and Public Paf-

sages, in the Town of Gainsburgh, in the County of Lincoln, and for laying a Duty on Coals brought to the said Town to be iold. 17

5. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Rotherham to Swinton, in

the Wert; Riding of the County of York. 61

6. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashbourne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Toxa/l Bridge, and from Hutton Moor to Tutbury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford, and for making Two new Branches of Road to commu-

cate therewith.

93

7. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Derby, Leicester, and Warwick. 121

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Radclffe, and the Township of Ainsworth, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 137

9. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Workington and Winfcales, and Manor of TVorkington, in the Parish of Workington, in the County of

Cumberland.

lS7

1 o. An Act for amending so much of an Act of the Forty-firit Year of His present Majesty, for building and keeping in Repair the Pier at Sheerness, in the lile of Sheppy, in the Councy of Kent, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relates to the said Pier. 177

11. An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Township of Sahney, in the County of Flint, to the Town of Flint. 189

12. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Horsham to join the Turnpike Road leading to Guildford, with Two Branches therefrom, in the Counties of Suffen and Surrey

D

>97

Ail

XIV

A TABLE of the STATUTES

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bocomck, Braddock, and

Saint Winnow, in the County of Cornwall. 229

14. An Act for more effectually repairing, improving, and keeping in Repair,

several Roads in the Counties of Brecon, Radnor, and Glarmorgan, and for making and maintaining Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith. 241

15. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Carmarthen and Cardigan, io far as ates to the Llandovery District; and for amending certain other Roads communicating therewith. 281

16. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts of His late and

present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Hocklijfe in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford in the County of Buckingham. 293

17. An Act to enable the Bristol Dock Company to borrow a further Sum of

Money for completing the Improvements of the Port and Harbour of Bristol. 305

18. An Act for establishing and well governing the charitable Institution called

" The Society of Stewards and Subscribers for maintaining and educating poor Orphans of Clergymen until of Age to be put Apprentice," and for incorporating such Society, and for more effectually enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Designs. 309

19. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and

present Majesty, for repairing the Road from JVakcJldd to Halifax in the West Riding of the County of York. 3 17

■20. An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland, passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act respecting the Collection of Public Money to be levied in the County of the City of Dublin by Preferment, and for the better Regulation of the Mode of Election and Office of Treasurer of the Public Money of the City of Dublin. 333

21. An Act for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh; for dif-

annexing Part of the Parish of Saint Cuthbert’s from the said Parish, and uniting it to the Parish of Saint Andrew; for further regulating the Assessmentforthe Poor in the said Parishes; for erecting Two new Churches; for discontinuing certain Churches, and annexing the Parishes thereof to other Parishes; for further regulating the Revenues of the said City applicable to the Payment, of Ministers Stipends, and for draining the Meadow on the South Side of the said City. 345

22. An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, for the better Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the Parish of Sunderland near the Sea, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for increasing the Rates therein directed to be imposed. 353

23. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from the

Liver Severn at the Quay in the City of Gloucester, to or near to a certain Gate in or near the d own of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester, called The Knapp Toll Gate, with a collateral Branch to the Top of Leckbampton Hill, in the Parish of Leckbampton, in the said County. 3(5

s 24. An

XV

(Locals Personal, to be judicially noticed) 49° GEO. III.

24. An Act for the further Improvement of the Harbour of Carnarvon in the County of Carnarvon, and for other Purposes relating thereto. 425

a 5. An Act for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Town of Rochdale and

• the Neighbourhood thereof with Water. 465

26. An Act to continue and amend Two Acts for repairing and widening the

Road front the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill to Redcrcfs in the Parish of Shelforcl in the County of Cambridge. 489

27. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of

His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as the fame relate to the Road front the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole and Wimborne Minjier in the County of Dorset, to the Turnpike Road between Blandford Forum and Dorchester in the County of Dorset. 497

28. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of

His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads front Kipping’s Cross to Lam-berhurfi Pound and Pullen’s Hill in the County of Kent, and to Flimwell Vent in the County of Sussex, and certain other Roads in the said Acts dpferibed. 509

29. An Act for making and maintaining a Road front the First small Bridge or

Culvert which crosses the present Turnpike Road front Cheltenham to Gloucester, on the Gloucester Side of Stavcrton Bridge, to join the fame Turnpike Road in the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester. 521

30. An Act for maintaining and repairing the Road leading from the City of

Glasgow, through Cotvcaddens, to that Part of the River of Kelvin called The Mi Inford of Garfaibe. 5 y

31. An Act for more effectually making and repairing the Great North Road

leading from the North Sfieens ferry in the County of Fife to the City of Perth, and to ttie Town of Dunfermline. ^81

32. An Act for altering an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present

Majesty, for repairing Roads in the County of Ayr. . 6 j

33. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts passed in the Fourth Year of His late Majesty, and the Sixth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Godstone in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the Parish of East Grinjiead in the County of Sussex. 617

34. An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts for repairing the

Road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chafe in the Parish of South Mims in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill in the County of Hertford. 625

35. An Act for allowing the Timber on Part of the settled Estates of Dame Jane St. John Mildmay Widow, in the Counties of Essex, Somerset, Dorset, and Southampton, to be cut down, and for applying the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of Estates to be settled in Manner therein-mentioned. 637

36. An Act for repairing and amending certain Roads in the County of Peebles, and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the same. 657

' i 27- An

xvi A TABLE tf the STATUTES

37. An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts for repairing the Turnpike

and other High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and for repairing the Roads from the City of Edinburgh to the Town of Leith. 693

38. An Act for more effectually making and repairing the Road from Carlowrie

Bridge on the Riv.ir Almond, to Linlithgow Bridge on the River Avon, and other Roads in the County of Linlithgow. 7'3

39. An Act for more equally and effectually assessing and collecting the Poor

Rates within the Parish of Saint Anne (commonly called Saint Anne Limehouse) in the County of Middlesex. 737

40. An Act for better atfefiing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the

Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, and regulating the Poor thereof. 745

41. An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the River JVear and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County Palatine of Durham, and for the more effectual Preservation and further Improvement of the fame River, Port, and Haven.

773

42. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts relating to the

Stratford-upon-Avon Canal Navigation. 8a 1

43. An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act passed in the Fif-

teenth Year of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Par;(lies ai/Fishech Saint Peter's and Wisbech Saint Mary’s, and in the Hamlets of Wisbech Murrow and ff ijbech Guyhtrn, in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge. 837

44. An Act for inclosing and draining Lands in the Parishes of Thurlion, Had-

discoe, and Thorpe next Haddifcoe, in the County of Norfolk. 85t

45. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and

present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Harlovo Bush Common to Stump Cross, in the County of Essex. 893

46. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts passed in the Seventh and Twenty-eighth Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the County of Worthier, to the Wootton Turnpike, in the great Turnpike Road from Stratford-upon- Avon, in the County of Warwick, ta Birmingham, in the same County.

905

47. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-

eighth Year of His present Majesty, for widening and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of Walfail to Hamstead Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Stafford. g2l

48. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and

present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dapdon Wharf, near Guldeford through Guldeford, to Alfold Bars, in the County of Surrey

49. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present

Majesty, for repairing the Road from H’andcross to Henfield, and from heeding to Horsham, in the County of Sussex. ^43

S 5®. An

(Local id Ter final, to be judicially noticed) 49* GEO. III. xvii

jo. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Teddington to the Turnpike Road between Evrjhavi and Perjhorc, in the County of Worcester and for making a new Pitce of Road to communicate therewith, in the C#unty of Cloucffer. 957

51. An Act for repairing, widening, and improving the Road leading from the Town of Rickmersworth, in the County of Hertford, through the Village of Pinner, by Harrow-on-the-Hilt, in the County of Middtefix, to or near the Swan Public lloufc at Sudbury Common, in the Turnpike Road leading from Harrow to London. 969

52. An Act for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of

so much of Two Acts for repairing the Road from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through Woore, in the County of Salop, to Nantwich in the County of Chester, and irom Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the said C junty of Chffer, to the said City of Coffer, and the Road from North wich to the Cr< £s in Tarvin aforesaid, as relates to the Second Diilrift of Roads comprized in the said Acts. 997

53. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act for repairing the Rond from Blackburn to BurfiougbBridge, in the County of Lancaster. 1009

54. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of

His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Town of Tenterden to the several Places therein mentioned,.in the County of Kent. J025

SJ. An Act for continuing Two Acts of the Sixth and Twenty-sixth Years of His pvelV at Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading from the Town of W'areham, and in Pur beck, in the County of Dtrfet. 1041

56. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts for

repairing the Road from the South End of Newton /lbbott to the Pa (Tag e Way in King/iaerr, oppoiite Clifton, Dartmouth, Hardness, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Devon. 1053

57. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of several Acts

passed for repairing the Road from Cranford Bridge, in the County of Middle sex, to that End of Maidenhead Bridge which lies in the County of Bucks, ami lor amending the Road from Slough to a certain Place in Eton, and from Langley Broom to Datcbett Bridge, in the County of Buckingham. 106*

jS. An Act for more effectually repairing the Road from the Powder Mills on Hounslow Heath, in the County of Middlesex, to the Twenty Mile Stone on Egham Hill, in the County of Surrey. 1073

59. An Act for vesting a Workhouse and Premises, situate in the City of London-

derry, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying the Purchase Money In building another School House, and for better regulating the fame. 1105

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Ke/fil, in the Pari Hi of

Tarvin, in the County Palatine of Chester. 1113

61. An Act for inclosing Lands in t)ie Townships of IAan-Treivyn, Bedlowydd,

and Bryn cymme, in the Manor of Llanelidan, in the Parish of LlaneUdan, in the County of Denbigh. 1 j 29

62. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bradwell, Belton, and Fritlon,

in the County of Suffolk. 1445

63. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Carton, Hopton, and Gorlcffon,

in the County of Suffolk. _ 1169

xviii

A TABLE of the STATUTES

64. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Wiicbinfbam, in the County of Norfolk. 1193

65. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Simonburn, in the County of

Northumberland. ‘ 1213

66. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Elton and Winster, in the

Parish of Toulgreave, in the County of Derby. 1241

67. An Act for incl®sing Lands in the Parish of Barton-in-the-Clay, in the County of Bedford. 1257

68. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Township of Allerston, in the

North Riding of the County of York. 1281

69. An Act for making Provision for such of the Sub-Registrars or Deputy Regis-

trars of the High Court of Chancery as from Age or Infirmity shall be affiifted with permanent Disability, and be incapacitated for the due Execution of their Office; and for making further Provision for the Two Seniors of the said Registrars, for the Clerks in the Registrars Office, for the Mailer of the Report Office, and for providing additional Clerks in the Report Office of the said Court, and for making other Payments and Regulations in respect of the said Offices. 1301

70. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act, passed in the Forty,

sixth Yeattof His present Majesty, to enable the several Persons therein named to dispose of the several Houses therein mentioned in London and Westminster, by Lottery. 1309

71. An Act to enable the Company of Proprietors of the Sta'mforth and Keadby

Canal Navigation to raisea further Sum of Money for the Discharge of their Debts, and to liniffi and complete the said Canal Navigation, and for amending the several Acts passed relative thereto. 1^21

72. An Act for amending, altering, and enlarging, the Powers of the several Acts relating to the Warwick and Napton Canal Navigation. 1 313

73. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts passed for making a Navigable Canal from the Trent to the Merfy, and oilier Canals

connected therewith.

*341

74. An Act for explaining and amending Two Acts for improving the Navigation of the River Clyde to the City of Glasgow. !

75. An Act to enable the Justices of the Peace for the several Parts of Lindsey,

Kef even, and Holland, couflituting the 1 hree Divisions of the County of Lincoln, to provide a convenient House, with suitable Accommodations, for His Majesty's Judges at the Assizes for the said County. ,\(j,

76. An Act for regulating the Police of the Town and Liberties of Kinfale,

and for the Regulation and Improvement of the Port and Harbour of the said Town, and of the Fisheries thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned. I373

77. An Act to continue the Term, and render more effectual, several Acts,

passed for opening, cleansing, repairing, and improving the Harbour of South-wold, in the County of St folk. J4QI

78. An Act for amending several Acts for making navigable the Rivers Wye

and Atttrg, in the County ok Hereford, and for making a Horse Towing Path on certain Parts of the Banks of the said River Wye. 1+2

79. An

(Local & Personal, to be judicially noticed') 49° GEO. III. xix

79. An Act for better paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, and watching the several Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Town and Franchise of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and for removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances, and Obstructions therein. 1461

80. An Act for the better supplying the City of Dublin with Water. 1501

8r. An Act to authorize the raising of Money to defray the Expences of erect* inga Prison and Public Offices in the Town of Birmingham, in the County of Warwick. 1513

82. An Act to revive and continue the Term and Powers of certain Acts, for

widening and improving the Entrance into the City of London, near Temple Bar, for making a more commodious Street at Snow Hill, and for raising on the Credit of the Orphans Fund certain Sums of Money for those Purposes. 1525

83. An Act for the Improvement of the Passage across the Frith of Forth, called The Queensferry. 1533

84. An Act for building a new Bridge across the River Tone, and enlarging the

Bridge at Shuttern, both in the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and also for widening and improving the Approaches to the said Bridges, and removing and preventing Obstructions and Nuisances thereon. 1569

85. An Act for building a Bridge over the River Wenfum, between the Scite

where the Gates called King Street Gales formerly Hood, and Carrow Abbey, to the Hamlet of Thorpe, in the County of the City of Norwich. 1597

86. An Act to continue the Term, and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the Pinfold in Balby, in the County of York, to Worksop, in the County of Nottingham. *637

87. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from a Place called Nantga-

redig, adjoining the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Llandilofawr to the Town of Carmarthen, through the Village of Brechfa to the River Tivy near Llanlooney Church, and also a Road from Brechfa aforesaid to the Village of Llanfawell, all in the County of Carmarthen. ' 1645

83. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for amending the Road leading from Congleton to Colly Bridge, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, in the Counties of Chester and Derby. 1677

89. An Act for making and maintaining Turnpike Roads from the Town of

Malmejbtiry, to or near to the Town of Wootton Bajfett, Sutton Benger Church, and Dauntfey Gate, in the County of Wilts. 1689

90. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Wootton Bijf.it in the County of Wills, to the Two MileStone on the Turnpike Road frotn Swindon to Marlborough in the said County. J7"9

91. An Act for amending and improving the Road from the North End of the Town of Tonbridge to the Village of Ightham, and Two other Roads communicating with the lame, all in the County of Kent. 1761

92. An Act for amending and improving the Road from Stockerfhead at the Top of Charing Hill, to a certain Place where the fame joins the Road from Ajb-

ford to Canterbury, all in the County of Kent. 1793

7 . 93- Ajl

A TABLE of the STATUTES

03. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from the End of the County of Stafford to the City of Gheffer, and from Northwich to Tarvin in the County of Chffcr, and other Roads in the said Acts mentioned, so far as respects the

Third District of the said Roads. 1829

94. An Act for making and maintaining a Road over Horlcy Common in the County of Surrey to a Place called Black Corner, and from thence to join the Brightbelmffon Turnpike Road at Cticlffdd, in the County of Sussex. 1849

95. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present

Majesty, for repairing the Road from Tunbridge Wells in the County of Kent, to the Cross Ways near Maresffeld Street,'and from Florence Farm to Forcjt Row, in the County of Sussex. 1881

96. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of an Act of the

Thirty-seventh Year of His present Majesty for amending the Road front or near Edenfield Chapel to the Township of Little Bolton, and for making and maintaining a Road from the said Road at or near Booth Pits, to or near Bury Bridge, in the County Palatine of Lancaster. 1893

97. An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Reading in the County of Berks, through Henley in the County of Oxford, and Great Marlow to Hatfield in the County of Hertford j and also the Road leading out of the said Road at Marlow over Great Marlow Bridge through Bysham *0 or near the T hirty Mile Stone in the Road leading from Maidenhead to Reading aforesaid. 1913

98. An Act for effecting the Sale of an Estate at Tachbrook in the County of Warwick, deviled by the Will of John Norris Esquire, deceased; and for applying sufficient of the Money in discharging Incumbrances on certain F.states at Cvemyoy and Lanihcny in the Counties of Monmouth and Hereford; and for paying the Residue thereof to Walter Savage Landor Esquire; and for settling the said Estates at Cwmyoy and Lanthony to the Life of the Will of the said John Norris1921

99. An Act for inclosing a Moor or Common called Middlehope within the Park arid Forest of Weardale in the Parish of Stanhope, in the County of Durham. 1937

ico. An Act for dividing and allotting Lands in the Parishes of Bafford Saint Martin and South Newton, and for extinguishing Rights of Common in other Lands in or adjoining the Parishes of Barford Saint Martin aforesaid, and Baverjlock, in the County of Wilts. . to57

101. An Act to explain and amend an Act passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of

His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Portbury, in the County of Somerset. 1981

102. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Cheadle, in the County of

Stfford. 1993

103. An Act for inclosing Wade Lands in the Township of Lifcard in the

Parish of IVallafey, in the County Palatine of Chester. 2013

104. 'n Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Whiff on and Parish of

Kingsley, in the County of Stafford. 2025

5 105. An

{Local & Personal, to be judicially noticed) 49* GEO. III. xxi

105. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Blcdlow, in the County of

Buckingham. 2041

106. An Act for inclosing Lands within the Manor and Township of Idle, in the

Parish of Calverley in the West Riding of the County of York. 2065

107. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Marsworth, in the County of

Buckingham. 2081

ic8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Long Witlenbam, in the County of Berks. *■1 °9

109. An Act for nclosing Lands in the Manors of Abdon and Stoke Si. Mil-borough, in the C ounty of Salop. 2129

11 o. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stockton, in the County of Wilts. 2x45

111. An Act for repealing such Part of an Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, as impcfes a certain Proportion of the County Rate for the County of Kent upon the Eastern Division of the said County, and certain Proportions upon the Western Division of the said County; and also, so much of an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty, for empowering die Justices of the Peace for the County of Kent, to make a fair and equal County Rate for the said County, as directs the Churchwardens and Overseers therein mentioned, to make certain Returns of the Rental or Value of Estates within their Parishes at the Periods and in the Manner therein mentioned, and imposes a certain Penalty upon such Churchwardens and Overseers for making Default therein, and for amending the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts. 2165

a 12. An Act for altering, amending, and enlarging the Powers of several Acts for making and maintaining the Thames and Severn Canal Navigation. 2177

lit. An Act for enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, fa far as relates to the establishing a nightly Watch, and for maintaining the Poor within the Parish of Saint Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex. 2189

114. An Act for building a Chapel of Ease in the Town of Worthing, in the County of Sussex. 2193

115. An Act for amending an Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, for paving and improving the Town of Worthing, in the County of Sussex, and for building a Market House and establishing a Market in the said Town. 2217

116. An Act for building a Church on Gateshead Fell, in the Parish of

Gateshead. 2237

117. An Act to amend and render more effectual Two Acts for the Maintenance

and Support of the Pier and Harbour, and paving and lighting the Town of Margate, in the County of Kent. 2249

11R. *\n Act for better supplying with Water the Borough of Portsmouth, and the Parishe* of Portsmouth and Portsea, and Places adjacent, in the County of Southampton. 2277

H9. An Act for efftfting the Drainage and Improvement of the Lands and

Grounds lying in the late Great Common in Sutton Saint Edmund’s, within the Parish of Sutton Saint Mary, otherwise Long Sutton, in the County of F Lincoln;

xxii

A TABLE if the STATUTES

Lincoln; and for authorizing the Drainage and Improvement of the Lands and Grounds lying in the late Little Common in Sutton Saint Edmund's aforesaid.

2J25

120. An Act for embanking, inclosing, and draining Lands within the Parish

of Frifincy, in the County of Lincoln. 2.3 5 7

121. An Act for making and keeping in Repair a Road or Passage for Horses

on the Baltics of the River Severn, between a certain Place at Coalbrooke Dale to and above the IVcljh Bridge in the Town of Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop, for hauling and drawing Vessels along the said River. 2385

12:. An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of His present Majesty, for better supplying the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds, in the County of York, with Water, and for more effectually lighting and cleansing the Streets and other Places within the said Town and Neighbourhood, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; and for erecting a Court House and Prison for the Borough of Leeds, and for widening and improving the Streets and Passages in the said Town.

2409

123. An Act to alter and explain Two Acts to enable the Globe Insurance Company to Jue in the Name of their Treasurer, and to inrol Annuities. 2433

124. An Act to alter and explain Two Acts for enabling the Pelican Life lnfu-rance Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities.

2437

125. An Act to alter and explain Two Acts for enabling the Albion Fire and

Life Insurance Company to sue in the Name of their Secretary, and to inrol Annuities. 2441

*26. An Act for widening and altering Ouse Bridge over the River Oufc, and Fofs Bridge over the River Fofs, in the City of York; for widening; raising,

• and improving certain Streets, Lanes, and Pa (I ages leading and near to the said Bridges; and for making certain other Improvements in the said City.

r*. ’S:.. 2445

1 27. An Act for consolidating and uniting the Powers of several Acts passed for amending several Roads near the Borough of Ashlmrton and the Town of Newton Bushell, and from ot near the North Side of the Town of Totnes towards Ajkburton aforesaid, for building a Bridge across the River Dart, at or near a Place called Emmett, in the County of Devon, and for amending and improving the said several Roads. - 24S51

128. An Act for continuing, explaining, and amending an Act passed in the Forty-second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and improving the Roads leading from the Stones End in Kent Street, in the Parish of ■Saint George Souths:ark, to Dartford, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Kent and Surrey. 2407

120. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bcltws-Abcrgek, in the County of Denbigh. 2505

1 ?c. An Act for inclosing I ands in the Parish of Cacrwys, in the county of : Flint. 2525

231. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Eaton, in the County of Nottingham. 8 2549

132. An

{Local & Personal, to be judicially noticed) 49’ GEO. III. xxiii

532. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Woodfonc, in the County of Huntingdon. 2 369

133. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Kind’s Cliffc, in the County of

Northampton. 2589

134. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Cadeby and Parish of Spot-

trough, in the County of 2brL 2O09

135. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Gateshead, in the County of

Durham. 2621

136. An Act for inclosing Lunds in the Parish of Glatlon-zuith-Holme, in the County of Huntingdon. 2641

137. An Act for the Application of the Purchase Money of certain Lands taken

from the PdiTellions of the See of Winchester, under the Provisions of an Act of the Forty-fisth Year of His present Maiedy. intituled, An Act for ve/ling certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trustees, for better securing flis Majesty's Docks, Ships, and Stores at Portsmouth, and for extending the Works and Lines at Dover. 2665

138. An Act for enabling the Kennet and Avon Canal Company to raise a fuf-

fident Sum of Money to complete the said Canal, and for amending the several Acts for making the same. 2673

139. An Act for erecting a new Gaol and House of Correction, and new Courts

of Justice, in and for the County Palatine of Durham, and purchasing proper Senes for the fame; and for disposing of the old Gao) and House of Correction and Courts of Justice there; and making an equal County Rate for those Purpoi'es. 26S1

140. An Act for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving the Streets and other Public Passages and Places in the Town ami Borough of Ofvecflry,- in the County of Salop. 2717

141. An Act for the more easy and speedy Recovery of Small Debts within the

Parish of Merthyr Tiilfil, and other Places therein mentioned, in the Counties o{-Glamorgan, Brecon, and Monmouth. 2757

■14a. An Act for building a Bridge across the River Thames, from or near Vauxhall Turnpike, in the Parish of Saint Mary Lambeth, in the County of Surrey, to the opposite Shore, in the Parish of Saint John, in the City ami Liberty of Westminster, and County of Middlesex, and for making convenient

Roads thereto. 2781

143. An Act for taking down and rebuilding the Whole or Part of a certain i ’.ridge called Wallingford Bridge, in the Borough of Wallingford, in the County of Berks, and for opening, widening, and improving the Avenues or Approaches to the said Bridge. 2S57

344. An Act for taking down and rebuilding certain Parts of North Bridge and Tickford Bridge, in the Parishes of Newport Pagnell and Lathbury, in the County of Buckingham, and for widening and making more commodious the said Bridges, and the Approaches thereto. 2889

j 4s. An Act for repairing and maintaining the Road from Burton upon Trent, in the County of Stafford, to Abbots Bromley, and from Bagots Bromley to the present Turnpike Road at or near Shirley Wich, in the said County. 2929

146. Aa

XilV

A TABLE of the STATUTES

146. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Carmarthen to Lampeter-pont-Jiephcn, in the County of Cardigan, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, so far as the fame relate to the Carmarthen Dili rift of Roads, and for consolidating in the same Act and Trust certain other Roads in the said County of Carmarthen. 2961

147. An Act for making and repairing a Road from Soho Hill, in the Parish of

Handsworth, to the IXa fall Turnpike Road, on the Northern Side of Ham-Jlead Bridge; and also another Road from Brown’s Green to a House called The friary, all in the County of Stafford. 2977

148. An Act for vesting the settled and other Estates of John Picrfon Foote

Esquire, in the Put ifli of Calstock, in the County of Cornwall, in Trustees, upon Trust, to fell and to hand possessed of the Money anting from the Sale thereof, upon the Trusts therein mentioned, 3021

149. An Act for enabling the Minister and Churchwardens of the Parish of

Allhallows Barking, in the City of London, to grant a Lease of certain Estates belonging to the same Parish, pursuant to an Agreement entered into for that Purpose. 3°37

150. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Hamlet and Chapelry of Wheatley, in the

Parish of Cuddefdetl, in the County of Oxford. 3045

*51. An Act for inclosing ( ands in the Parish of Hayes, in the County of Middlesex, and for extinguishing the I ithes in the said Parish. 3065

152. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Maxey with Decpingate,

■ Northborough, Clinton with Peakirk, Etton, and Kelpstone, in the County of Northampton. 3°93

133. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishe3 of Shobdon, Aymcftrey, and Lingen, in the County of Hereford, and for extinguishing Tithes in those Parishes. 3125

154. An Act for inclosing Goring Common, or Goring Heath, and certain Waffe

Lands, in the Parish of Goring, in the County of Oxford. 3153

155. An Act for continuing the Term of, and altering and amending an Act,

passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repealing Two A As of His late Majesty, for the Regulation of Laftage and Ballastage in the River ‘Thames, and to make more effectual Regulations relating thereto. 3177

156. An Act to alter and amend several Acts, passed in the Fortieth, Forty-

founh. Forty-fifth, Forty-sixth, and Forty-seventh Years of His present Majesty, for making Wet Docks, Basons, Cuts, and other Works, for the greater Accommodation and Security of Shipping, Commerce, and Revenue, within the Port of London, and for other the Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto, ard to enlarge the Powers and Authorities by the said Acts granted to the London Dock Company. 3:8!

157. An Act for amending an Act for better supplying the City and Liberties

of Westminster, and Parts adjacent, with Water, and for enlarging the Powers thereof. 3189

138. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tram Road from the Summit of the Hill above Churchway Engine, in the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gkuecsler, to a certain Place in the said Forest called Ginderford

Bridge. 3201

159. ah

2

{Local isf Personal, to be judicially noticed) 49° GEO. III. xxv

159. An Act for making and maintaining a Railway from the River Wye, at or

near to a Place called Lidbrook, in the Parish of Ruardean, in the County of Gloucester, to or near to a Place called the Lower Forge, below Newern, in the Parish of Lydney, in the said County, and for making other Railways therein mentioned in the Foreit of Dean, in the County of Gloucester. 3 22 5

160. An Act to continue and amend several Acts for repairing Roads in the County of Dumfries, and converting the Statute Labour within the said County into Money. 3289

ifii. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Mend Brook, in the County of Gloucester, to Christian Mat ford Bridge, in the County of iff Its, and other Places therein mentioned, and for extending the said Road to the Centre cf Christian Malford Bridge. 3325

162. An Act for the Exchange of Part of the Settled Estates of the Earl of

Guilford, and for the Sale of other Part, to discharge a Mortgage thereon, and for other Purposes. 334*

163. An Act for the Partition of certain Settled Estates of John Wharton Esquire,

situate in the Counties of York, Westmorland, and Durham. 3361

164. An Act for vesting certain Estates in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, devised by the Will of John Hutton Esquire, deceased, in Trustees to be sold, and for investing the Money arising therefrom in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. 3377

165. An Act for vesting Part of thedevifed Estates of John Tirol Morin Esquire, deceased, situate in the Counties of Buckingham and Middlgf x, in Trustees to be sold, for discharging Incumbrances affecting the fame, and for laying out the Residue of the Monies to arise by such Sale in the I'urchafe of other Estates to be settled co the same Uses as the Estates intended to be sold. 3389

16b. An Act for vesting the detached Parts of the Estates of William Farrer Esquire, deceased, in Trustees for Sale, under the Direction of the Court of Chancery, for paying the Incumbrances affecting the fame. 3401

167. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estates, in the County of Lincoln, de-vifedby the Will of Henry Maffmgberd Esquire, deceased, in Trustees to be foid, and for applying Part of the Purchase Money in paying off certain Incumbrances affecting the said Estates, and for laying out the Residue thereof in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. 34.13

1C8. An Act for vesting certain Estates late of the Honourable George Jocelyn deceased, in the County of Dublin, in Trustees to be sold, a no for laying out the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of Government Securities, to be settled to the same Uses as the . Hates fold. 3425

169. An Act for vesting in Trustees a certain Tract of Open Pasture Land

called Box Moor, in the Parish of Hemelhemfjled, in the County of Hertford, upon certain fruits, applying the Produce thereof, and for better securing the Rights of the respective Parties entitled to the said Moor. 343 3

170. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dronfcld, in the County of

Derby. 3461

171. An Act for reviving, continuing, and amending an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, for laying a Toll upon all Horses

G and

XXVI

A TABLE of the STATUTES

and Carriages passing on a Sunday over Blaclfriars Bridge, and for applying the Money to arise thereby towards increasing the Fund for watching, lighting, cleansing, watering, and repairing the said Bridge. 3485

172. An Act for altering and enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts,

made in the Forty-second, Forty-fourth, and Forty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering several Roads to communicate with the West India Docks, in the Isle of Dogs, and the East India Docks at Black-wall, both in the County of MiddLfex; and also of several Acts for repairing the Cannon Street Road, in the said County; and also for making, maintaining, watching, lighting, and watering a new Road from the said Road communicating with the F.aft India Docks, to Barking, in the County of Essex; and for enlarging the Powers of an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for making and maintaining a Road from the Ronfordwan& Whitechapel Road to or near to Tilbury Fort, in the County of Essex. 349.5

173. An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of the Sixth and Twenty-eighth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent. 3525

174. An Act for extending and enlarging the Powers or Authorities given by an

Ad paded in the Thirty.seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty. intituled, An Act for the Erfranehisement of Copyhold and Customary Lands, Parcel of the Manor of Arundel, and other Manors entailed by the Act of Parliament of the Third of Charles the First, and for the Sale of Tythes also entailed by the said Act. 3537

175. An Act to empower the Trustees under the Will of the Right Honourable

Edward late Lord Thur lew to grant in Fee upon Fee Farm Rents, or for long Terms of Years, certain F.llates by the fame Will devised in Tnjft for Sale, and to pull down the Mansion House called Knight's Hill, and to make Roads, and to enfranchise Copyholds, and for other Purposes. 3549

176. An Act for vesting an F.state, in the County of Lincoln, devised by the

Will of Francis Lord Le Defpcnctr, in Trustees, upon Trull, to sell the same, and with the Money arising therefrom to discharge the Incumbrances thereupon, and to lay out the Surplus in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. 3573

177. An Act for effecting the Sale of certain Estates devised by the Will of

Henry Partridge Esquire, deceased, and for laying out the Money to arise by such Sales in the Purchase of other Estates, and for settling the same to the like Uses. 3593

178. An Act for vesting certain detached Parts of the Estates devised or limited to ftrid Uses by the Will of the Right Honourable William late Lord Craven deceased, and situate in the County of Gloucester, in i rustees, to be sold, and for applying ParL of the Monies arising from the Sale thereof, in discharge of an incumbrance subsisting thereon, and for laying out the Residue of such Monies in the Purchase of other Estates to be settled to the same Uses. 3609

179. An Act for vesting certain Estates, late of Thomas Hodgkins Esquire, lying

in the respective Parhhes of Waif all and Aldridge, in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, in Trull to sell the same, and apply the Purchase Monies arising therefrom in paving off all Incumbrance upon such Estates, and otherwise, under the Directions of the High Court of Chancery. 3625

180. An

{Local y Personal, to be judicially noticed) 49® GEO. III. xxvii

180. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sharnbrook, in the County of

Bedford. 36,7

181. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of JVilJhamflead, in the County of Bedford. ^661

18 a. An Act to enable the Royal Exchange Insurance Company of Ireland to sue and be sued in the Name of their Secretary. 3689

183. An Act for making new Sewers and Drains and amending the present

Sewers and Drains within certain Districts under the Jurisdiction of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits extending from East Mouldfey in Surrey, to Ravenjlorne in Kent, and for other Purposes relating to the Execution of the Commission of Sewers for the Paid Limits. 3693

184. An Act for rendering more effectual Two Acts passed for the better regulating 1 he Poor in the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, ?n the County of Surrey; for inclosing the Church Yard thereof, and for other Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto. 3725

185. An Act to enable His Majesty to grant the Moot Hall, Grand Jury Room,

and certain Grounds and Buildings adjoining thereto in the Castle Garth, within the Scite of the Old Castle of Newiaflie-upon-Tyne, to the Indices of the Peace for the County of Northumberland, for building Courts of Justice, and also a Gaol for the said County, and for other Purposes therein mentioned relating thereto. 3765

186. An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the Borough of Southwark to the Kent Road in the County of Surrey. 3781

187. An Act to repeal so much of an Act passed in the Forty eighth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Wastes in the Township of Minera in the County of Denbigh, as subjects the Owners of certain Mines there to Damages for working the fame, and as authorizes any Person to get Stone from any Mines of Stone in the said Wastes. 3845

1S8. An Act for making and maintaining a Road leading from Barmouth in the County of Merioneth, to Traethmawr in the County of Caernarvon, and for building a Bridge at Tractbbach, in the said County of Merioneth. 3849

189. An Act for supplying with Water the Inhabitants of Deptford, Greenwich, and several other Pari (hes and Places in the Counties of Kent and Surrey. 3885

190. An Act for the better Government of the Watermen working on the

Pafthge between Gosport, Portsmouth, and Portsea, and other Places within Porfmouth Harbour, and to and from Spithead, St. Helen’s, and other Parts within the Isle of Wight in the County of Southampton, and to and from certain Places in the said Island, and for regulating the Fares of such Watermen. 39 2 5

191. /In Act for building a Bridge over the River Thames from the Precinct of the Savoy, or near thereunto, in the County of Middlesex, to the opposite Shore, and for making convenient Roads and Avenues to communicate therewith, in the County of Surrey. 3945

192. An Act for more effectually supplying with Water the Inhabitants of the

Towns of Manchester and Salford in the Parish of Manchester, iij the County Palatine of Lancaster. 403 7

xxv'm A TABLE of the STATUTES

LOCAL AND PERSONAL ACTS,

NOT PRINTED.

1. AN Act to dissolve the Marriage of the Right Honourable John Lord Boring-

don with the Right Honourable Augujla Lady Boringdon his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

2. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Langley Marijk, in the County of Buckingham.

3. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Hur/Iey and the Manor of Mardon, in the County of Southampton.

4. An Act for inclosing Deijhaw Moor, in the Township of Quick within Saddle-worth, in the West Riding of the County of York.

5. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Jesse Gregson Efcjuire, with Grace Chfe his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein

> mentioned.

6. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Richard Campbell Bazett with Margaret Ann Bazett his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

7. An Act for naturalizing George Dettmar.

8. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Barton Turf, in the County of Norfolk.

9. An Act for naturalizing Peter Urbanis Sartoris.

10. An Act for naturalizing Rudolph Ackermann.

11. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Tithings of Orcheflon Saint George and Eft on, in the Parish of Orcheflon Saint George, in the County oiJViiu.

12. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Traugott Grutlner.

13. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dean, in the County of Cumberland.

14. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Commonable Lands in the Parishes of Congresbury, Week Saint Lawrence, and Paxton, in the County of Somerset.

15. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Rotherjlhorpe, in the County of Northampton.

16.. An Act for inclosing Lands in the several Parishes of Llanf/dwm, Llan-dilovawr, and Cayo, in the County of Carmarthen. '

17. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Echelford, otherwise Afford, in the County of Middlesex.

18. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Croxton, in the County of Lincoln.

19. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Sherringham, in the County of Norfolk.

11

20. An

{Localft? Personal, not printed) 49* GEO. III. xxix

20. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Cud-worth, in the Parish of Royston, in the West Riding of the County of York.

8i. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Purston Jackling, in the West Riding of the County of York.

22. An Act for inclosing a Tract of Land called Woolridge, in the Parishes of Saint Mary de Late, or Hartpury, in the County of Gloucester.

33. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Dry Drayton, in the County of

Cambridge.

34. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Sir George Berney Brograve Baronet, with Emma Lou'tfa Brograve his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again,

and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

35. An jAft to dissolve the Marriage of Peter Campbell Junior, Esquire, with Elizabeth Lewis Woollery his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act for naturalizing Adrian Moens.

<27. An Act for naturalizing Christian Frederick Kable.

28. An Act for enabling the mod Noble Elizabeth Duchess Dowager of Chandas and the Right Honourable John Lord Henniker, to grant a Lease of certain Lands in the County of Sussex, fop the Term of Ninety-nine Years, to Edward Fnjby Howis, pursuant to an Agreement entered into in that Behalf.

29. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell certain Parts and Portions of the entailed Estate of CaJJillis for Payment of the Debts contrafted by David late Earl of CaJJillis, and (till owing; and for altering in Part an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, concerning the Estate of Cullean.

30. An Act for vesting the Lands of Glenkinglas, and certain other Lands, being Part of the Lands contained in a Deed of Entail, executed by the deceased Sir Duncan Campbell, of Lochnell, upon the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand seven hundred and sixty-two, in Trustees, in Trust, to sell the same, and invest the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled and secured to the fame Series of Heirs, and under the fame Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deed of Entail.

31. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland, to fell certain Parts and Portions of the entailed Estate of Lochlane, situated in the County of Perth, which belonged to and was entailed by the late Anne Campbell, otherwise Menzies, of Fuirntoun, sufficient for Payment of her Debts, and to raise a Sum for the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments contiguous to, and convenient for, the said entailed Estate, to be entailed in the like Manner, in lieu of the Parts and Portions fold.

32. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of High Offley, in the County of Stafford.

33. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Rot/neell with Royds, and Oulton with Woodlesford, in the West Riding of the County of York.

34. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Abbotsbury, in the County of DorfeU

35- An

H

XXX

A TABLE of the STATUTES

35. An Act For dividing and inclosing Lands in the Parish of Compton Vallence,

otherwise East Compton, in the County of Dorset.

36. An Act for allotting Lands in the Pa/ilh of Fordham, in the County of

Cambridge.

37. An Act for allotting Lands in the Parish of Pimperne, in the County of

Dorset.

38. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bourn, in the County of

Cambridge.

39. An Act for inclosing’ Lands in the Manor and Parish of Englefield, in the County of Berks.

40. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Plujh, in the County of Dorset.

41. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Normadby and Parish of ' ‘ Ormcfby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

42. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Seamer, in the North Riding

of the County of York.

43. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Iccomb, in the County of

Wvrcester.

44. An Act to render valid and effectual the Proceeding5 of the Commissioners under an Act for dividing and inclosing the several open Fields and Walle Grounds, in the Parish of Barwick in Ehnct, in the County of York.

45. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chilton Foliat, in the Counties of Wilts and Berk's.

4B. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bunwell, in the County of

Norfolk.

47. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Altofts, in the Parish of " Normanton, in the West Riding of the County of York.

48. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chid ham, in the County of Sussex.

49. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Llanfinmcb, in the County of

Pembroke.

50. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Berrynarbor, in the County of Devon.

51. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Marjke, in the County of York.

52. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Thoralby, in the Parish of Aifgarib, in the North Riding of the County of York.

53. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Lingfield, in the County of Surrey.

54. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wheatacre All Saints, in the County of Norfolk.

55. An Act for inclosing Lands in Glenfield, in the County of Leicester.

56. An Act for inclosing the Open and Common Fields, in the Parish of

Angmering, otherwise East Angmering with Weft Angmering annexed, in the County of Sujex.

9

57- An

{Local Personal, not printed) 49° GEO. III. xxxi

57. An Act to enable the Reverend George Marwood (lately called George Metcalfe), and his Issue, to take, use, and bear the Surname and Arms of Marwood, pursuant to the Will of Jane Turner, Widow, deceased.

58. An Act for naturalizing Charles Cummerow.

59. An Act for empowering the Judges of the Court of Session in Scotland to fell such Parts of the entailed Estate of Pitreavie in the Parish of Dunfermline and County of Fife in Scotland, now belonging to Shovel Blackwood Esquire, as shall be sufficient for Payment of the Debts affecting the same.

60. An Act for inclosing Lands in and adjoining or near to the Parish of Mordiford in the County of Hereford.

61. An Act for iuclofini? Lands in the Parish of Ravenfden in the County of Bedford.

62. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bodhani in the County of Norfolk.

63. An Act for inclosing Lands in Longsutton in the County of Somerset.

64. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Milton in the County of Berks.

65. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor and Parish of Sutton in the County of Surrey.

66. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Townships of Nannau-uwcb-r-Afon, Nannau-is'-r-Afon, and Llanelltyd in the Parishes of Llanfachreth and

Llanelltyd in the County of Merioneth.

67. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of West Wratting, in the County of

Cambridge.

68. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bafddon, in the County of Berks.

69. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Irton, in the County of Cumberland.

70. An Act for inclosing Lands- in the Parishes of Sampford Pevercll, Burlif-aombe, and Halbcrton, in the County of Devon.

71. An Act to amend an Act passed in the Forty-seventh Year of His present Majesty for enclosing Lands in the Parishes of Holt and Letheringsett, in the County of Norfolk.

72. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Vill, Hamlet, or Parish of Warningcamp, in the County of Sujex.

73. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of llfmgton, in the County of Devon.

74. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of North Creake, in the County of

Norfolk.

75. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Wensley, in the County of York.

76. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor of Carperby and Parish of Aifgarth, in the County of York.

77. An

xxxii

A TABLE of the STATUTES

77. An Act For inclosing Lands in the Township of Horbury in the Parish of

•Wakefield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

78. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township or Hamlet of Cullingworth in the Manor and Parish of Bingley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

79. An Act for enclosing Lands in the Parish of Wefi Wellow, in the County of Wilts.

80. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Gillingham and Motcombe, in

the County of Dorset.

81. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Great Washbourne, in the County of Gloucester.

82. An Act for confirming and establishing the Division and Inclosure of certain Lands in the Hamlet of Longthorpe, in the County of Northampton.

83. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of North Diiffield, in the Parish of Skipwith, in the East Riding of the County of York.

84. An Act for naturalizing Gufiavus Westm.

85. An Act for naturalizing Henry Myers.

86. An Act for naturalizing John Horjlman.

87. An Act for felling the Lands and Estate of Appine, situated in the County of Argyle, and a Salmon Fishing situated in the County of Inverness, which were comprized in a Deed of Entail made by George late Marquis of Tiveed-dale, and the Trustees appointed by George sometime Marquis of Tweeddale deceased, and for investing the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled and secured to the fame Series of Heirs, and under the fame Conditions and Limitations as are contained in the aforesaid Deed of Entail.

'88. An Act to enable the Rector of the Parish and Parish Church of Saint Mary Woolwich, in the County of Kent, for the Time being, to grant Building Leases of the Glebe Lands belonging to the fat'd Rectory, and to fell the present Rectory House and Garden, and to build a new Rectory House.

80. An Act for changing the Scite of Holland Fen Chapel, and for authorizing "the Erection and Establishment thereof in the Parish of Fosdyke, in the County of Lincoln, instead of in the Parish of Algarkirke, in the said County.

90. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bredwardme and the Township of Dorfion, in the Parish of Dorston, in the County of Hereford.

91. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Fiitton-cum-Siljoc and PuUoxhill, in the County of Bedford-

92. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township and Manor of Leaton, in the Parish of 0aim Mary in Shrewsbury, in the County of Salop.

93. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Manor or I.ordship of Wefi Kington, in the Parish of U'ejl Kington, in the County of Wilts.

94. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Forncett Saint Peter and Forncett Saint Mary, in the County of Norfolk.

95. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Tithing of Wefi Mdbury, in the Parish of Cann St. Rumbold, in the County of Dorset.

J -96. An

[Local fsf Personal, not printed) 49® GEO. III. xxxi'ri

5.6. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Skelton, in the Parish of Howden, in the East Riding of the County of York.

9.7. An Act for inclosing and reducing to a Stint several Commons and Walls Grounds within the '1 ownship and Manor of Aujiivick, in the Parish of Clapham, in the West Riding of the County of York.

98. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Strumpjhaw and Surlingham, in the County of Norfolk.

99. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Whittlesford, in the County of Cambridge.

100. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Bishopston and ManfellLacy, otherwise Much Manfell, in the County of Hereford.

lot. An Act for inclosing Lands in or appertaining to the Manor and Township of Birkin, in the West Riding of the County of York.

102. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township, Hamlet, or Manor of Stanton, in the County of Derby.

103. An Act for settling and securing the Lands of Tippermallow, Meckven, and Whitebank, and the Lands of Cloag or Cloyock, and other Hereditaments lying in the County of Perth, to- and in favour of Robert Smythe of Methven Esquire, and the Series of Heirs mentioned and under the Conditions and Limitations specified in a Deed of Entail made by David Smyth sometime of Methven, deceased, and in lieu thereof, for vesting certain Parts of the Lands, Lord-ftiip. Barony, and Regality of Methven, and of the Lands and Barony of Reilour, lying in the said County, in the said Robert Smythe and his Heirs and Assigns in Fee Simple.

104. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Stokesntinhead, in the County of Devon.

a 05. An A 0 'or inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Swanton Abbott, Lamas, and Buxton, in the County of Norfolk.

106. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Bishopflone, otherwise Bushop~ stone, in the County of Wilts.

107. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Chatteris, in the Me of Ely and County of Cambridge.

j08. An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Henry.

109. An Act for uniting the Rectory and Parish Church of Stanmer, in the County of Sussex, with the adjoining Vicarage and Parish Church of Falmer; and also for exchanging the Parsonage House and Glebe Land of Stanmer, and the Vicarage House of Falmer for a Piece of Land at Falmer, Part of the settled Estates of the Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Chichester, and for a new Parsonage House to be built thereon, at the Expence of the said Earl.

no. An Act for effectuating a Partition directed by the Court of Chancery of certain Fee Farm and Annual Rents arising and issuing within the Counties of Essex and Huntingdon, and of divers Messuages, Parcels of Ground, and Hereditaments situate in the Parish of Saint Matthew, Bethnal Gnen, in the County of Middlesex, devised by the Will of Henry Bu/by Esquire, deceased; and also for enabling the Trustees or Persons in Possession, as Tenants for Life, of certain of the Premises to grant Building Leases, and for other Purposes.

L 111. An

xxxir A TABLE of the STATUTES.

in. An Act to enable the Company of Armorers and Brafiers in the City of London to sell and convey to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England several Lands and Tenements in the Parish of Saint O/ave Jewry, London, formerly of Dame Elizabeth Morrys, discharged from the Trusts for charitable Purposes affecting the fame, by virtue of the Will of the said Dame Elizabeth Morrys, and to subject other Lands and Tenements of the said Company of Armorers and Brafiers to the like Trusts.

112. An Act for inclosing Lands in the Township of Helperby in the Parish of Brafferton, in the North Riding of the County of York.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

[Index removed.]

ANNO REGNI

GEORGII ILL

Britanniarum Regis, QUADRAGESIMO NONO.

At the Parliament begun and holden at Westminster, the Twenty-second Day of June, Anno Domini 1807, in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord GEORGE the Third, by the Grace of God, of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith:

And from thence continued, by several Prorogations, to the Nineteenth Day of January 1809, being the THIRD SESSION of the FOURTH PARLIAMENT of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

LONDON:

Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. i.

An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of several Acts passed for repairing the Harbour and Quay of JVatchett, in the County of Somerset.

[2 2d February 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of

her late Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for repairing 6 Anne' c- 8. the Harbour and Key of Watchet, in the County of Somerset, it was enacted, That from and after the Five and Twentieth Day of March One thousand seven hundred and eight, for the Term of One and Twenty Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, there should be paid the several Rates and Duties in the said Act mentioned and expressed, for all Goods and Merchandizes exported, shipped, or laden or discharged at or within the said Harbour or Key, and also the several Duties of Tonnage and Keelage for Ships, Hoys, Barks, and Vessels, which during the said Term should come into the said Harbour for Security and Preservation (the said Port or Harbour not being their discharging Port); and after the Expiration of the said Term of One and Twenty Years, One Half of the said Rates and Duties by the said Act granted on the several Goods and Merchandizes therein mentioned was to continue to be collected for ever, in order for the raising a sufficient Stock and Supply lor keeping the said Harbour and Key in good Repair: And whereas by a Clause in another Act, passed in the Tenth Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prolonging the Term for Payment of certain 10 An. c. 14. Duties granted by an Act, made in the Twelfth and Thirteenth Years of his [.hoc. 1$ Per.] A 2 late

4

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i.

late Majesty King William, intituled, ‘An Act for recovering, securing, and * keeping in Repair, the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support ‘ of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom,' it was enacted, That all Goods shipped or discharged at a Place called The Blue Anchor, or Cleave Steps, or other Places adjoining to the said Harbour and Key of Watchett, should be chargeable with the Duties as if the Goods had been shipped or discharged within the said Harbour or Key of Watchett: And whereas by an Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the ?G. i. c. 14. First, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties granted by several Acts made in the Sixth and Tenth Years of her late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Harbour and Key of Watchett in the County of Somerset, the several Rates and Duties by the said Act passed in the Sixth Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, granted and made payable for the said Term of Twenty-one Years, were from and after the Expiration of the said Term, charged upon and made payable for the several Goods and Merchandizes, and also the Tonnage and Keelage of Ships and Vessels (in the said Act particularly mentioned and expressed) for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, to be computed from the Expiration of the said Term granted by the said Act of the Sixth Year of her said late Majesty's Reign: And whereas by an Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-10 G 3. c. 14. jesty, intituled, An Act for further continuing the Duties granted and continued by several Acts made in the Sixth and Tenth Years of the Reign of Queen Anne, and in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, for repairing the Harbour and Key of Watchett, in the County of Somerset, after reciting (among!! other Things) that it had been lately discovered, that the Term limited by the said Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, for collecting such of the said Rates and Duties (the Grant whereof was temporary only) did expire on the Twenty-fifth Day of March, in the Year of our Lord One thousand seven hundred and fifty, but that through Ignorance of such Expiration the whole of the said Rates and Duties had been continued to be collected and applied as before; and after reciting that the said Harbour and Key, soon after the passing the first-mentioned Act, were repaired, and a large Pier erected at a very great and the foie Cost and Expence of Sir William Wyndham Baronet, Grandfather of George then Earl of Egremont, now George Obrien Earl of Egremont; and that the fame Harbour, Key, and Pier had ever since been repaired and supported by the said Sir William Wyndham, Charles late Earl of Egremont, and George Obrien now Earl of Egremont, Lords of the said Manor of Watchett, for the Security of the Ships and Vessels riding in the said Harbour, and the Preservation of the said Town and the Inhabitants thereof from the Inroads of the Sea, at a great annual Expence; and that it had been found by long Experience that such of the said Rates and Duties, the Grant whereof was made perpetual to the Lords of the said Manor, so long as they should repair the said Harbour, had not proved, nor were likely to be sufficient to defray the current Expences of the Repairs and other incident Charges; it was enacted, That all and every the Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money, by the said Act passed in the Sixth Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, granted and made payable for the said Term of Twenty-one Years therein mentioned, and by the said Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the First continued and made payable for the said further Term of Twenty-one Years computed as therein mentioned, should from and after the First Day of May in the then present 2 Year,

5

49° GEORGII III. Cup. i.

Year, One t'noufand seven hundred and seventy, be revived and further continued, charged upon, and made payable for the several Goods and Merchandizes; and also the Tonnage and Keelage of Ships and Vessels (in the said Act of the Sixth Year of her said Majesty's Reign particularly mentioned and expressed) for and during the further Term of Forty Years, to be computed from the said First Day of May One thousand seven hundred and seventy, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament: And whereas the Rates and Duties, the Grant whereof was made perpetual by the said Act passed in the Sixth Year of her said late Majesty's Reign, to the Lords of the said Manor, so long as they should repair the said Harbour, have not proved, nor are by any Means sufficient to defray the ordinary Expences of the Repairs thereof, and other incidental Charges: And whereas the said Harbour is of great Use for the Security of Ships and Vessels in Distress passing to and from the Ports of Bristol and Bridgewater, and other Parts adjacent lying on the Coast: And whereas the said Pier is become so very weak and unfound in many Parts, that it is frequently subject to many Breaches from the Violence of the Sea, which there rages in an extraordinary Degree, and which, if not instantly. repaired, would inevitably endanger the whole Harbour and Pier, and the Safety of the said Town and its Inhabitants; but for all which necessary Demands no effectual Provision can be made without a constant Stock and and Supply of Money for that Pinpose: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Rates, Duties., and Sums of Money which by the said Act, passed in the Sixth Year of her said Majesty's Reign, were granted and made payable for the said Term of Twenty<-one Years therein mentioned, and by the said Clause in the said Act passed in the Tenth Year of her said Majesty's Reign, granted and made payable, and by the said Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King George the First, continued and made payable for the said further Term of Twenty-one Years, computed as therein mentioned, and by the said Act passed in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, revived, continued, and made payable for the said further Term of Forty Years, computed as therein-mentioned, shall, from and after the Expiration of the said last-mentioned Term, be further continued, charged upon, and made payable for the several Goods and Merchandizes, and also for the Tonnage and Keelage of Ships and Vessels (in the said Act of the Sixth Year of her said Majesty's Reign particularly mentioned and expressed) for and during the further Term of Forty Years, to be computed from the Expiration of the said last-mentioned Term, granted by the said Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and until the End of the then next Session of Parliament; and that \he said several Rates and Duties by the said first-mentioned Act, and by the said recited Clause in the said Act made in the Tenth Year of her said Majesty's Reign, granted and made payable, shall, for and during the said additional Term, be demanded, raised, levied, collected and taken, and shall be managed, disposed of, accounted for, and paid by the fame Ways, Means, and Methods, and by such Rules and Directions, and with and under such and the like Powers and Authorities, and under such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Provisoes, and for such Intents and Purposes, as are prefcished, mentioned, enacted, declared, provided, [Lee. Ss* Ber.J B and

Raws and Duties 1 mother continued.

£ ' 49° GEORGII III. Cap. r.

and expressed in the said recited Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, or in the said Clause in the said Act made in the Tenth Year of her said Majesty's Reign, or in the said Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, or in the said Act of the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, or in this present Act, for or concerning the said Rates and Duties by the said recited Acts, or any of them, granted and hereby continued, or any of them, or any Part thereof; and that the said Act of the Sixth Year of her said Majesty's Reign, and the said Act of the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and every Clause, Proviso, Power, Authority, Rule, Article, Matter and Thing therein respectively contained, and also the said recited Clause in the said Act of the Tenth Year of her said Majesty's Reign, shall continue and be in full Force and Eft'eft, and be exercised and executed for and during the said additional Term hereby continued, to all Intents and Purposes, for raifrng, levying, collecting, securing, applying, disposing of, and accounting for the said Rates and Duties thereby granted, and hereby continued and made payable, and for the better and more orderly Government of the said Port and Harbour, as fully and effectually as if the fame and every of them were particularly expressed, repeated, and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

Public A A.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed an4 taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by ail Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded,

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Straham* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 2.

An Act for amending an Act of the Forty-fourth Year of His present Majesty, for regulating certain Fisheries in the County of Cumberland, and other Places therein mentioned; so far as respects the Fishery in the River Derwent.

[13th March 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better <h G.3 c,4j, regulating and improving the Fisheries in the Arm of the Sea between the County of Cumberland and the Counties of Dumfries and Wigton, and the Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, and also the Fisheries in the several Streams and Waters which run into or communicate with the said Arm -

of the Sea, whereby it was enacted, That no Person whomsoever should fish for, take, kill or destroy, or attempt to take, kill or destroy any Salmon, Gilfe, Sea Trout or Whiting, otherwise, Herling, in the said Arm of the Sea, or in any River, Stream or Water, which communicates with the said Arm of the Sea, within the respective Times therein mentioned, and more particularly in the River Derwent, in the County of Cumberland, as well as in other Rivers in the same County, and in the County of Dumfries and Stewartry of Kirkcudbright, at any Time or \Loc. Per.'] ' C Times

io 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 2.

Times between the Twenty-fifth Day of September in any Year, and the Tenth Day of March then next following, nor should any Person kill or wound any Salmon, Gilfe, Sea Trout or Whiting, otherwise Herling, with any Spear, Lyfter, Harpoon, Crook or other Instrument, in the said Ann of the Sea, or in any of the Rivers or Waters aforesaid, at any Time between the Twenty-fifth Day of September in any Year, and the Tenth Day of March then next following, upon Pain that all and every Person and Persons so offending, should forfeit and pay the several Sums, and to be recovered in the Manner therein mentioned: And it was by the said Act further enacted, That no Person should at any Time or Times in the Year use in any River, Stream or other Water which communicates with the said Arm of the Sea, any Grate, Heck, Gate, or other Engine or Device whatsoever, and for the Purposes of a Grate, Heck or Gate, in any Fiftiery, Fish Lock, Coop, Bay or other Work in any River, Stream or other Water, within any of the Counties or Stewartry aforesaid, whereof the Bars or Stops should be otherwise than perpendicular and of an oval Shape, with the Edges rounded off, and whereof the Width or Space between each Bar or Stop should be of a lcfs Size, Square or Width than Three Inches (except as therein mentioned, and also except in the River Efk, where it should be lawful to use any Grate, Heck or Gate, whereof the Width or Space between each Bar or Stop Ihcfuld not be of less Size, Square or Width, than One Inch at the lead): And whereas the Right Honourable William Earl of Lonsdale, Knight of the most Noble Order of the Garter, is, or claims to be the foie Owner and Proprietor of the Fishery in the River Derwent in the said County of Cumberland, in the said recited Act mentioned, from the Sea Eastward as far as the Manors of Seaton and Stainburn extend, and it had, before the passing of the said recited Act, been the Usage and Cuilom to fish, and to take and catch Fish in the said River during the whole Year, except from the Tenth Day of October to the Tenth Day of February, and the Restriction in the said recited Act of and from fishing, and the taking and catching Fish from the Twenty-fifth Day of September to the Tenth Day of March, has been and will be a great Detriment and Loss to the said Earl of Lonsdale; and it had been also the Usage and Custom to use Grates, Hecks and Gates in the said River Derwent, of the Width of One Inch and an Half, for the taking and catching of Fish, and therefore the Restriction in the said Act of and from using Grates, Hecks or Gates, of the Width Of Three Inches, has been and will be a great Loss to the said Earl of Lonsdale, unlessfome Reliefis granted to him in those Respects: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King's Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia-to take ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may K.m in ihc be lawful to and for the said Earl of Lonsdale, and the Owners and Occult" °tr piers for the Time being of the said Fishery in the said River Derwent, with such other Persons as they or any of them shall from Time to Time authorize so to do, to fish for, take, kill and destroy any Salmon, Gilfe, Sea Trout or Whiting, otherwise Herling, and any other Fish, in the said River Derwent, or in the Arm of the Sea adjoining thereto, at any Time or Times on and between the Twenty-fifth Day of September and the Tenth Day of October, and also on and between the Tenth Day of February and the 1’enth Day of March, in every or any Year; and also that they shall and may on and from the said Tv. emv-fifth Day of September to and on the 9 Tenth

49°&£ORGII IH. Cap. 2. it

Tenth Day of Octobert and on and from the Tenth Day of February to and on the Tenth Day of March, continue any Fishing Boat, Trow,

Net, Grate, Heck, Gate, Hook, Trap of Device, which shall have been used or intended to be used in lawful Times of the Year for the Purposes of hopping, taking or killing of Salmon, Gilfe, Sea Trout or Whiting, otherwise Herling, or any other Fish, upon, in or near the said River Derwent, and the Sides and Banks thereof; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the power to u?e said Earl of Lonsdale, and the Owners and Occupiers of the said Fishery N«» in the said River Derwent, and his and their Servants and other Persons of One inch employed by him or them, to erect, place and make use of any Grate, Hllf Heck, Gate, Net or other Device for the taking and catching of Fish, of W1 '*

the Width or Space between each Bar, Stop or Melh, of One Inch and an Half; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken Publ!s Aa* to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by Georok Eyre and Andrew St rah ah, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

A

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

■it*

Cap. 3.

An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Aberdeenshire Canal Navigation to raise the necessary Fund to complete the same.

[13th March 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the 3 6 G. 3. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making '• 68-and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Harbour of Aberdeen, in the Parish of Aberdeen, or Saint Nicholas, into the River Don, at or near the South End of the Bridge over the fame adjacent to the Royal Burgh cf Inverury, in the Parish of Kintore, all in the County of Aberdeen, North Britain, divers Perl'ons therein named were incorporated under the Name of The Company of Proprietors of the Aberdeenshire Canal Navigation, and were authorised to make and complete the said Canal in manner therein described; and for that Purpose to raise and contribute among themselves certain Sums therein mentioned: And whereas by another Act passed in ^G j. c.j. the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for better enabling the Company of Proprietors of the Aberdeenshire Canal Navigation to complete the same, the said Company were authorised and empowered to raile, by Sale of new Shares in manner therein mentioned, a further Sum, or so much thereof as should be necessary for completing the said Canal Navigation, over and above the Money authorised to be raised by the said first recited Act: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have laid out the whole of the Line of the said Canal, and made considerable Progress in the Execution of the Works thereof, and expended the whole of the Sum raised under the Authority of the said Acts, besides incurringconsiderable Debts: And whereas sundry necessary Works belonging to the said Canal yet remain to be executed before it can be rendered beneficial to the Public, or attended with any Advantage to the Profile, H Perf\ D prietorsj

*4

Company msy raiie Money by Promissory Note.'.

Rates to be a Security for the Money borrowed.

Power to raise Money by Mortgage er Annuities.

49° GEORGII ill. Cap.

piietors; and it would tend to the more speedy and effectual Completion of the said Canal, and the Works thereunto belonging, and to the great Advantage of the District of Country through which the Canal will pass, if the said Company were empowered to raise an additional Sum of Money for the Purpoi'es of paying off the Debts already incurred and due by the said Company, wiih such other Debts as they may concradt in completing the said Canal Navigation, and Works thereunto belonging, on the Security of the Tolls, Rates, and Duties of th&said Canal: May ic therefore please Your Majesty, That ic may he enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to borrow the Sum of Forty-five Thousand Pounds Sterling.or so much thereof as shall be necessary for paying off the Debts already incurred and due by the said Company, with such other Debts as they may contract in completing the said Canal Navigation, and ‘Works thereunto belonging (over and above the Monies raised under the Authority of the said recited Acts), or any Parc or Parts thereof, upon Promissory Notes under the common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors; and all such Notes shall be made payable in such Manner, and at such Time or Times, and with such leg-1 Kate of Interest, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper; and all such Notes shall be made either with or without a Power in the respective Holders thereof, to have an Option of becoming a Proprietor of one Share of One Hundred Pounds in the said Undertaking, in Lieu of the principal Money by such several Promissory Notes to be secured, or so much or such Part thereof as the said Company of Proprietors, or their Committee for the Time being, and the Person or Persons advancing such Money on the Security of the said Notes, shall jointly agree upon: Provided always, That no Person shall in any Case be admitted to be a Proprietor of any Share in the said Undertaking, in Lieu of a less principal Sum of Money than One Hundred Pounds, advanced on the Security of such Notes; and the Terms and Particulars upon which the respective Holders of such Notes shall be entitled to such Option of becoming a Proprietor or Proprietors in the said Undertaking, shall be fully expressed and let forth in the said several and respective Notes.

II. And be it further enacted, That the several Rates authorized to be demanded and taken by virtue of the said recited Act, shall be a Security for each and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid, with Interest to the Person or Persons who shall from Time to Time be entitled to such Securities •, and all Persons to whom any such Securities as aforesaid shall be given, shall be equally entitled to a Claim or Lien on the said Rates' in Proportion to the respective Sums of Money advanced and lent by them respectively on the Credit of the said Rates, without any Preference by reason of the Priority of the Date of any such Notes, in like Manner as if such Sums of Money had been advanced and lent upon Mortgage or Assignment of the said Rates, in pursuanceor by virtue of the said recited Acts.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case the said Company of Proprietors shall think it more adviseable or proper to raise the Whole of the said Sum of Forty-five Thoufanri Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof by Mortgage of the Rates authorized to be collected by virtue of the said first recited Act, or by granting Annuities payable out of the said Rates, then, and in every such Case, ic shall and may be lawful to and for the said

Company

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 3. 1

Company of Proprietors either to borrow, and take up at legal interest, by any such Mortgage as aforesaid, from any Person or Persons, upon the Credit of the said Rates, or any of them, the Whole of the said Sum of Forty-five Thousand Pounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or to raise any such Money by the granting of any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, to or for the Ul'e of the Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Company of Proprietors, any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of any such Annuity or Annuities, such Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable for any Term or Number of Years, or during the natural Life of any such Contributor, or the natural Life of such Person as shall be nominated by or on the Behalf of such Contributor, at the Time of the Payment of his or her Contribution and Purchase-money, and either with or without the Benefit of Survivorship; and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby authorised and empowered to assign and make over their interest and Property in the said Undertaking, and other Works, and the Rates to arise by virtue of the said first recited Act, or any Part thereof, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, with interest to the Person or Persons who shall advance the fame, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, by Deed of Mortgage, in like Manner and Form, and with and subject to the like Powers and Directions for transferring every such Mortgage, and registering the fame, and with and lub-ject to the like Remedies, Regulations, and Provisions touching and concerning the same, and the interest arising therefrom, as are mentioned or contained in and by the said recited Acts, respecting the borrowing of Money, and the Securities to be made for the same.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Grant of every such Annuity as aforesaid shall be by Deed under che common Seal of the said Company, according to the Form following (that is to say):

TXrE, the Company of Proprietors of the Aberdeenjhirs Canal Navi®a- P

’ ’ tion, in consideration of the Sum of ° G°rantof

to us paid by A.B. of [or, if intended to be granted with Benefit of Annuity. Survivorship by E. F., G. H., &c.] do hereby, by virtue of an Act of Parliament passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of' Kin®

George the Third, intituled, [Jet forth the Title of this Act,] grant unto the said A.B. and his [or, her,] Assigns, [or, if by Survivorship unto the saidE. F., G. H., &c. and to the Survivors and Survivor of them,] One Annuity or yearly Sum of to be issuing out of all

and Angular the Rales arising by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, [Jet forth the Title of the Ail,] to hold unto the said A.B. Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the Term of Years, or

[as the Case shall be,] to hold unto the said A.B. and Assigns,

during natural Life j or to hold unto the said A. B.

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for and during the natural Life of C.D. [or, if by Survivorship, unto and among them the said E. F., G. Id.,

&c., and the Survivors or Survivor of them;] and such Annuity or yearly Sum shall be payable and paid at upon the

yearly, by equal Portions; and the first Payment thereof to be made upon che Day of next.

Given under our Seal this Day of .*

And every such Grant shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, without any Inrolmer.t or Registry of the Memorial thereof, any Law or Statute to the contrary

thereof

iG 4y* GEORG 11 111. Cap. 3.

thereof in anywise notwithstanding; and all the Grantees of such Annuities shall be equally entitled to their Proportion erf the said Rates, according to their respective Annuities, without any Preference by reason of the Priority of Date of any such Grant, or on any other Account whatsoever; and an Entry or Memorial of every such Grant, containing the Date thereof, and an Account of the Name or Names of the Party or Parties to whom the same shall have been made, with their respective proper Additions, and of the Consideration of such Grant, and of the Annuity granted, and the Duration thereof shall, within Ten Days next after the Date thereof, be written and inserted in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors; and all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Grant shall have been made, or who shall be entitled to the Annuity thereby securrd, may from Time to Time assign or transfer his, htr, or their Right and Title therein to any Person or Persons, according to the Form following (that is to say):

I A.B. of * in consideration of the Sum of

’ to me paid by C. D■ of do hereby

transfer unto the said C.D. a certain Grant made by the Company of Proprietors of the Aberdeenflnre Canal Navigation, bearing Date the Day of of an Annuity of payable

\hrre mention the Duration of the Annuity,'] and all my Right, Title, and Interest in and to che Annuity thereby secured; to hold the fame unto the said C.D. Executors, Administrators, and Alligns.

in Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal this Day of .’

And every such Transfer shall, within Ten Days after the Date thereof, be produced and notified to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, who shall thereupon cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the said Book, containing the Date and Names of the Parties, and the Annuities thereby transferred, for which Entry’such Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Alignment shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns^ to the full Benefit of the original Grant, and it shall not be in the Power of the Person or Persons who shall have made any such Transfer at any Time afterwards, to make void, release, or discharge the said Annuity, or any Part thereof; and the said Annuities so to be granted as aforesaid, shall be paid to the several Persons entitled thereto, in Preference to any Interest or Dividends due, and payable by virtue of the said recited Acts, to the said Company of Proprietors.

Form of Transler.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences tho^Act. * ° of obtaining and passing this Act; and all other Costs, Charges, and Expences concerning the same, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors, by and out of the tirft Money that shall come to their Hands, by virtue of the said recited Acts, or this Act.

Fnblie Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being i'pecially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan* Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 4.

An Act for more effectually improving the Streets, Lanes, and public Passages, in the Town of Gains-burgh in the County of Lincoln; and for laying a Duty on Coals brought to the said Town to be sold.

[13th March 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of 9g.3. c. »x. His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the more effectual paving, cleansing, lighting and watching the Streets, Lanes, dlleys and Public Passages in the Town of Gainsburgh in the County of Lincoln; and for laying a Duty on all Coals brought to the said Town to be sold, and for applying the same to such Purposes; whereby certain Powers and Authorities were given to the Trustees therein named, and their Successors, for the several Purposes of paving, lighting, cleansing and watching the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys and public Passages within the said Town of Gainsburgh, and for removingNuifances and Annoyances therein; and certain Duties were laid on all Coals brought to the said Town to be sold: And whereas the Trustees for executing the said Act have made great Progress in the Execution thereof, but the Duties thereby laid on Coals have pro - ed insufficient for defraying the Expences attending the fame, and a considerable Sum of Money hath been borrowed on the Credit of the said Duties which Hill remains due and owing; and it is expedient that [Lee. & Per.] * £ such

i8

That certa'n Parrs thereof ar< fonml in-mrs. c.ent.

Repealing a reruin Part said Act.

Appointment of Trustees.

Tor appointing a Ouorum efiTrufte a.

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 4.

such Duties should be increased, and such further and other Rates and Duties should be granted and charged as hereinafter is mentioned: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of the said Act, relating to the paving and lighting the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages and Places, and to the maintaining a Nightly Watch, to the removing and preventing Nuisances, Annoyances and Encroachments within the same, and making, railing and collecting of Rates and Duties for the Purposes aforesaid, and for the appointing of Officers, Porters and Labourers, and regulating the Wages and Price of Labour and Porterage within the said Town, have been found to be iri several iefpefts inconvenient, defective and inadequate to the Purposes of the said Act; and it is therefore requisite and expedient that the Powers and Provisions of the said Act, in relation to the Purposes aforesaid, should be repealed, and that other Powers and Provisions should be granted for the Purposes aforesaid: But the lame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be er.acted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as r relates to the paving and lighting the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages and Places, and to the maintaining a Nightly Watch, and to the removing and preventing of Nuisances, Annoyances and Encroachments within the said Town, and making, raising, and collecting of Rates and Duties, and to the appointing of Officers, Porters and Labourers, and regulating their Wages and Allowances, and the Price of Porterage and Labour, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act,

the Lord of the Manor of Gainsburgh for the Time being, the Vicar of Gainsburgh for the Time being, Martin Brumby, William Barnard, Simon Maw Bowen, John Bellwood, George Bajfett, William Bourn the younger, John Coats, Thomas Chapman, Benjamin Codd, James Dcaltry, Robert Buckle, William Etherington, Robert Flower, John Campbell Flint Doctor of Physic, John Fretwell, John Garjit, John Gamfon, William Gibbins, John Gamble, Thomas Healey, William Charles Hafelwood, Thomas Hains, Joseph Hough, Henry Lalouel, Charles Morehouse Morehotfe Metcalfe, Henry Moseley, John Marshall, John Maw, Jonathan Nettlcship, John Oglejby Ger-vas Parnell, John Burgess Parker, Jonathan Rudfdell, William Roberts, George Radley, George llobinfon, John Smith, Henry Smith, John Stuart Samuel Soudan, Robert Swan, George Shore, Thomas Lee Stead, John Soo'by, Thomas Swift, John Trevor, John Tidd, Joseph Terr, John Thomas, Herbert Thornton, Leonard jowne the younger, Joseph Wctherall, Henry Ward, and George Wilson, and their Successors, to be appointed and qualified in such Manner as in the said recited Afl is mentioned, shall be added to and joined with the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the fail recited Act, for putting the fame and this Act in Execution; and the Trustees hereby nominated and appointed, and their Successors respectively, being qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Act, are hereby empowered to act in Execution of the said recited Act and this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had tiecn appointed Trustees by the said recited Act. }

III. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings relative to this and the said recited Act or either of them, which are directed

4 ' to

19

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

to be done, made or had, by or before the said Trustees, shall and may be done, made or had, by or before any Five or more of them (except in such Cases where any other Number is by this Act directed); and that all such Acts, Orders, and Proceedings done, made or had, by or before such Five Trustees, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the lame were done, made or had, by or before the whole Number of the Trustees for executing this and the said recited Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That notwithstanding Trubf!^st^0^cr. any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary, it shall be law- *JPr r;e?°ec*" ful for any Person named or to be named as a Trustee, in, by, or under and of One Year, by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, to act as a Trustee under this

and the said recited Act, although such Person shall have neglected or shall hereafter neglect to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act or the said recited Act for one whole Year.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, upon For preventing any of the Footways or Foot Pavements in the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, Annoyance* m or public Passages or Places, run, draw, drive or carry any Truck, Wheel, the Sttte<9‘ Sledge, Wheelbarrow, Hr.ndbarrow or Carriage whatsoever {Bath and Sedan Chairs excepted) or roil any Cask, Barrel, Tub or other Package or

Parcel, other than for the necessary loading or unloading thereof, into, upon, from or out of any Carriage, for any longer Space than the Extent of the Premises in the Occupation of the Person from or to whose House or Building such Cask, Barrel or Tub shall be rolled to such Premises adjoining to, or having immediate Communication with the House or Building from or to which such Cask. Barrel, Tub, Package or Parcel shall be rolled, or for any longer Space of Time than shall be necessary for the rolling the same to or from such Buildings or Carriage respectively; or if any Person shall wilful y ride, lead or drive any Horse or other Bead, or any Cattle whatsoever, on any of the said Footways or Foot Pavements, or set any Cask, Tub, Pail, Bucket, Stool, Bench, Boards, Planks, or other Matter or Thing, on or so as in any Manner to cause any Obstruction or Impediment in the Footway or on the Foot Pavement, or shall in any Street, Lane,

Alley, or public Passage or Place within the said Town, or in the Churchyard, hoop, fire, cleanse,wafn or scald any Cask, Barrel or Tub, or hew, law, cut or bore any Stone, Wood or Timber, or fir all lay or place or leave any Timber, Bricks, Stones, Slates, Tiles, Mortar, Sand or other Building Materials, (except for so long a Time only as shall be necessary for housing the fame, and except for the Purpose of building, altering or repairing any House or Building, and for such last-mentioned Purpose the same shall be laid in such Place only, and fenced and inclosed as the said Trustees or their Surveyor shall from Time to Time direct or appoint); or if any Person shall make or repair, or pla^e or leave any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart,

Sledge or other Carriage, or Part of a Carriage, with or without Horses or other Cattle, in any of the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, public Passages or Places of the said Towm (except for the immediate Repair of any Carriage from any sudden Accident on the Spot, or which cannot conveniently be removed for that Purpose, or for any longer Time than is needful and requi-lire for the necessary and prompt loading or unloading thereof, and the taking up and setting down Passengers or their Baggage, which shall not in any Case exceed one Hour); or shall flioe, bleed (except in Cafes of Accident) or turn loose. or permit to wander or run loose in any of the said

Streets,

20

G xxt* may be

k.ztd and detained until the Penal ti:t paid.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

Streets, Lanes, Alleys, public Passages or Places, any Horse, Mare, GelJing, Afs, Pig, Sheep, Bull, Cow, Calf, or ether Bead or Cattle whatsoever, without some Person or Persons td drive or guide the fame 4 or if the Driver of any Waggon-, Cart, Sledge, Wheels or other Carriage, or Part of a Carriage, shall in any Part of the said Town ride on the Shafts, or in or on any Part of such Waggon, Cart, Sledge, Wheels or other Carriage, or Part of a Carriage, without Reins; or it any Person or Persons having the Care thereof or driving the fame (not being a Cart or Caravan driven by a Person with Reins and fitting therein) shall suffer any Horse or Cattle drawing the same to go without some Person on the Side thereof on foot leading or driving the fame; or shall not readily and promptly turn out of the Road on meeting Horses and Carriages, so as to leave proper and sufficient R 00m or Space for such Horses and Carriages; or if any Person or Persons shall draw any Timber, Block or Blocks of Wood or Stone, or other heavy Materials, in, upon, or through any of the aforesaid Streets, Lanes, Alleys, public Passages or Places, without any Nib or Carriage with Wheels, or with L'.ch Nib or Carriage with Wheels, to the Detriment thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall shew or expose any Stallion or Stonehorfe in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, public Passages or Places (except in such Place or Places as the said Trustees shall in that Behalf appoint); or shall permit any Bull-dog or Maf-liss-dog, or any ferocious Dog or Bitch, to go unmuzzledin any of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, public Passages or Places; or shall make any Bonfire, or Jet off or fire any Gun, Piilol, Cracker, Squib, Serpent, Rocket or other Fireworks within the said Town; or if any Person shall fist, throw, cad or lay any Allies (except in the Time of Frofl only, and to prevent Accidents), or any Dull, Muck, Dung, Soil, Filth, Rubbish, Refuse of Garden Stuff, Blood, Offal, Carrion or any other offensive Matter or Thing, in any of the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, public Passages or Places within the said Town, except for so long Time a» shall be necessary for theloading of Carts and Carriages with and carrying away the fame, or shall hang up, place or expose to Sale any Poultry, Butter, Cheese, Eggs, Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes whatsoever, or any Fruit, Vegetables or Garden Stuff, Butchers Meat, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on or projecting over the Foot or Carriage Way of such Streets, Laaes, Alleys, public Passages or Places, so as to obstruct or incommode the Passage of any Person or Carriage therein; or if any Person or Persons shall kill or daughter, or shall singe, feald, dress, or cut up any Animal, either wholly or in part, in any of such Streets, Lanes, Alleys, public Passages or Places, or cause or permit any Blood to run from any Slaughterhouse or Butchers Shop into the fame or any of them, every Person offending in any or either of the Cafes aforesaid, shall for the First Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings; for the Second Offence, any Sura not exceeding Twenty Shillings; and for the Third and every other subsequent f iffence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and any ons or more ui the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall appoint for the Removal of Annoyances and Ob ft ructions may seize any such Stall, Board, Balket, Ware, Merchandize, Calk, Goods, Coach, tart. Waggon, Dray, or other Carriage, and all Goods or other Things which may be therein, together with the Horse or Horses (if any shall be thereunto belonging; with the Iiarncfs, Gears, and Accoutrements thereof, or any such Timber, Stones, Bricks, Lime, or other Materials, or Things aforesaid; and every such Horie, Ais, or other Cattle aforesaid, with the Accoutrements thereof, and also such Wheel,

Sledge,

21

49" GEORGII III. Cap.a,..

Sledge, Wheelbarrow, and other Carriages as aforesaid, and all Goods or Things which may be on or in the fame or other Carriage; and also such Butchers Meat, Garden Stuff, Pots, and all and every other Articles, Matters and Things whatsoever, and of what Nature or Kind soever the fame may be, and cause the same to be removed to such Place or Places as he or they shall think convenient and proper, within the said Town, giving Notice to the Owner or Driver, or other Person or Persons having any Interest therein (if he, she or they can be found) of the Place or Places where-unto the same shall be so removed, and the same shall be there kept and detained until such Owner or Driver or other Person interested therein as aforesaid, shall cause to be paid the said Penalty, together with the Charges of removing the fame, and of keeping such Horse or Horses or other Cattle (ifany); and in case the Goods, Carriages, Drays, Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, Materials or other Thing as aforesaid so removed, shall not be claimed, and the said Penalty and Charges paid within the Space of Three Days next after such Removal thereof, then it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them to order the same to be appraised and fold, and the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale shall be returned to the Owner or Owners thereof on demand, after deducing the said Penalty, and the Charges attending such seizing, removing, keeping, appraising and felling the fame; and it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall fee any or either of the said Offences committed, by Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to seize and apprehend, and also for any other Person or Persons to assist in seizing and apprehending the Offender or Offenders, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required so to do, and to convey such Offender or Offenders before some Justice of the Peace aiding or having Power to aid in the Parts of Lindsey in the said County of Lincoln, who, upon Oath being made of any such Offence or Offences aforesaid, shall and may commit the Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction for the said Parts of Lindsey, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless the said Penalty and Charges, attending the fame, shall be sooner paid and satisSed.

VI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Water at the Tops or Roofs of all Houses and other Buildings now or hereafter to be made or built within the said Town, shall (if not conveyed into private Cisterns or Reservoirs belonging to such Houses or Buildings) be conveyed by Pipes or Spouts to be fixed to the Front or Sides thereof respectively into the common Channels or Drains, within Fourteen Days after a Day to be expressed in a Notice in Writing under the Hands of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or their Clerk for the Time being, to be for that Purpose given to or left with the Owners or Occupiers of such Houses or Buildings; and that all Penthouses, Steps, Iron or other Rails, Palisadoes, Pillars, Walls or Fences, Windows, Hatches, and Doors opening and leading over, upon or from the said Footpaths into Vaults, Cellars, Entries or under Kitchens; and all Signs or other Emblems used to denote the Trade, Occupation or calling of any such Occupiers; and all Grates, Polls, Spouts, Sign-Polls, Sign Irons, Bow Windows, Window Shutters, Fasteners, Sheds, Shew Glasses and Shew Boards, watering Tubs, Troughs, Pumps, Fail or Swing Boards, Stalls, Projections, or other Matters or Things whatsoever, which, in the Judgement of the said Trustees, shall be inconvenient to or incommode Passengers [Lac. & Fer.J F upoqi

Persons feing any fttdi Offences committed, may seize the Olm fenders.

Offenders, in defnultofPay-' ment, t* he committed.

Occupiers ot HoufrS to take d »wrn Poitt, iign*, &c.

22

Streets to be

properly

paved.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

upost any of the present or future Footways or Carriageways of such Streets, Lanes, Alleys, public Passages or Places, fHall within Fourteen Days after a Day to be expressed in a like Notice to be for that Purpose given to or left with the Owner or Occupier of the Houses or other Buildings or Land to whom such Matters and Things as aforesaid, or any of them, shall respectively belong, be taken down, filled up, removed, alrered, reformed, fixed, effected or done by and at the Expence of the Owner or Owners thereof respectively, under the Inspection and Direction of the Surveyor appointed or to be appointed by virtue of the said recited Adit and this Act; and in case the respective Owners shall neglect or refuse to obey such Notices, and to observe and perform the several Matters and things hereby respectively required to be done within the Time aforesaid, then every Person so neglecting or refusing shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Week the same shall so remain undone; and then also it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause the same to be taken down, filled up, removed, altered, reformed and fixed, in the Manner and for the Purposes aforesaid, and they shall return or cause to be returned to the respective Owners thereof, or to be left on the Spot from whence the same shall be so respectively removed, or as near thereto as conveniently may be for such Owners, so much of such Matters and Things as aforesaid as shall not be affixed or set up, or otherwise made use of in the Alterations directed by this Act, and the Charges and Expences attending the same shall be recovered of the Owners thereof respectively, in the same Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures inflicted by this Act are hereby directed to be recovered on Nonpayment; and if such Owners shall cause such Matters and Things to be placed, erected, built or made contrary to the Directions of this Act, every such Owner for every Week he shall so offend shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, or otherwise it shall be lawful for the said Trustees as aforesaid to order the same to be taken down, filled up, removed or altered in such Manner as they shall think proper, without giving any Notice to the Owner or other Person offending therein; and the Charges and Expences attending the same shall and may be recovered of the Person or Persons so offending, in the same Manner as is last hereinbefore directed; and if any Cellar Window, Cellar Door, or under Entry or Kitchen, shall be left open after Sunset, or be opened before Sun-rising, without being sufficiently lighted to prevent Accidents therefrom, or shall be suffered to be left open in the Daytime, and in either Cafe for a longer Time than necessary for the taking, loading or removing Goods into, from, or out of the fame, then and in every such Case the Occupier of such Cellar, Vault or under Entry or Kitchen, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

VII. And be it further enacted.That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or ar.y Five or more of them, when and so often as they shall think necessary and proper, to order and direct, and cause all or any of the present or any future Pavements in the several Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages or Places within the said Town of Gainsburgh (except as hereafter is excepted) as well in those Parts used by Carriages as those used by Foot Passengers, to be taken up, and the said Streets,^ Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages or Places to be flagged, paved, relaid, repaired, raised, lowered or altered in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think proper; and the Person and Persons authorized or directed by them

to

2$

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

to-do the fame, hath and have and shall have hereby full Power and Authority to do the fame accordingly; and all and every Person and Person6, public Officer or Officers, or Inhabitants at large of the said Town of Gainsburgh, who was or were before the passing of this Act liable to repair and maintain the aforesaid present Pavements or any Part of them (except as herein-after mentioned) shall from henceforth be exonerated and discharged from repairing and maintaining the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to exonerate and discharge any Person or Persons, public Officer or Officers, nor the Inhabitants at large of the said Town of Gainsburgh, from repairing, amending and maintaining at his, her, or their own Expences, such Part and Parts of the present Pavements as he, she or they hath or have heretofore repaired, amended and maintained, or would have been liable to repair, amend and maintain (except as far only as relates to the Footways on each Side thereof, and the Flagging of the fame) in case this Act had not been msde.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful t,uflees to sffor the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to ascertain, set out,

order and appoint the said several Parts, Shares and Proportions of the beref-a^rJby said Pavements (except the Footways on the Sides thereof as aforesaid^ individuals, which have been heretofore paved, amended, repaired, swept or cleansed by any Person or Persons, public Officer or Officers, or Inhabitants at large of of the said Town of Gainsburgh; and that all such Parts, Shares and Proportions shall, from Time to Time and at all Times hereafter, be paved, amended, and kept in repair and shall be swept and cleansed by the said several Person or Persons, public Officer or Officers, or Inhabitants at large of the said Town of Gainsburgh, so liable to repair, amend, gleanfe and sweep the same as aforesaid, or his, her or their Tenants, Farmers or Occupiers, in such Manner and Form, at such Times, and under and subject to such Orders, Rules, Regulations, and Appointments, as they the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall order, direct and appoint; and in case any such Person or Persons, public Officer or Officers or inhabitants at large of the said Town as aforesaid, or any of them, or his, her or their Tenants,

Farmers, or Occupiers, or any of them, shall refuse or neglect to repair, amend, cleanse and sweep the fame Pavements or such Part or Parts thereof as he, she or they are respectively liable and directed so to do, for the Space of Eight Days as to repairing, and One Day as to cleansing, after Notice in Writing under the Hands of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, shall be given to such Defaulter or Defaulters, or left at his, her or their usual Place of Abode, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and required to order and direct, and cause the same to be forthwith, by their own Workmen, repaired and amended with their own Materials, and to be cleansed and swept, and to charge the full Expences thereof to and upon such Defaulter or Defaulters, and also to impose any Fine for every such Neglect not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in case such Defaulter or Defaulters, shall refuse or neglect to pay such Expences, together with the said Fine, within Eight Days after the same shall be demanded by the Collector or Collectors, that then and in every such Case the fame Expences, together with the said Fine, shall be recovered and recoverable in the same Manner as is herein-after directed for the Recovery and Application of Penalties; and in case of the Recovery of 9: a"T

24 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

any such Expences and Fine from any of the said Tenant?, Farmers or Occupiers, it shall dc lawful for them and each of them to retain and deduct all such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall so respectively pay as aforesaid, from Time to Time, on account of their several Landlords as aforesaid, for and in respect of repairing and amending such Pavements only, out of his, her, or their Rents, and such Landlords or Proprietors are hereby required to allow and diicount the fame accordingly, unless there shall be an Agreement between them and their respective Tenants to the contrary. ,

Payments rot

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at lOthouf ' oh- any Time take up the said Pavements and Flagging, or any Part oi the i«t ut Trui- fame respectively, or make or cause to be made any Alteration, or make any tt*'’ fresh Openings into any Funnel, Gutter, Sink, Drain, Sewer or Water-

coutfe in any Street, Lane, Alley, public Passage or other Place in the said 'i own, vt ithout the previous Consent in Writing of the said Ti uftees or any Five or more of them, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and in case the Person or Persons so taking up any such Pavement or Flagging, or any Part of the lame respectively, or any such Tunnel, Gutter Sink, Drain, Sewer, or Water-course, shall not, within Seven Days alter Notice in Writing by the Surveyor to the said Trustees, given to or left at the last or usual Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, cause the fame Pavement and Magging respectively which shall have been so taken up, to be reinstated, and the Tunnel, Gutter, Sink, Drain, Sewer, or Watercourse so altered to be put into its former State, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the Surveyor to the said Trustees to cause the fame respectively to be so done, the Costs and Charges whereof lFir.il be borne and paid by the Person or Persons who shall have raken up or altered such Pavement or Flagging, Tunnel, Gutter,. Sink, Drain, Sewer and Watercourse, or any Part thereof respectively; and in cale of Nonpayment thereof on Demand, such Costs and Charges shall and may be levied and recovered in such and the like Manner as any Penalty is "by this Act directed to be levied and recovered.

v * f S

Sewer*, He. X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or

tobem.d. more of them shall oaule such and so many new Sewers, Drains, Vaults

or other Watercourses as they may think necessary and sufficientforthemore effectually cleansing and draining of the said t own, to be dug and made in, along or across any of the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages or Places, and along and across any Yards, Lands, or Grounds, cr under any Buildings within the Township of Gainsburgh aforesaid; and also any of the Sewers, and public Drains and Vaults winch now or hereafter shall be within the said Township, to be enlarged, widened, deepened, raised, altered, removed, repaired, cleansed and lcoured, when and as often as to them the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall seem meet, and for any of the Purposts aforesaid shall from Time to Time c ause to be dug, carted and carried out of or brought into the said Streets. Lanes, Alleys, and other Passages or Places, or any of them, such Gravel, Stones, Bricks and other Materials as they shall judge necessary; and also shall and maycause such and so many Bridges, Arches, Tunnels, Grates or Opei ings, to be made over or in the fame, for conveying and carrying off the

Filth,

25

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

Filth, foul and other Water, from the Houses built or to be built adjoining to such Streets, Lanes, public Passages or Places in the Town of Gainsburgh aforesaid, into the said Sewers, public Drains and Vaults, and other Watercourses, as the said Trustees cr any Five or more of them drill and may think necessary and expedient for that Pur pole; and the said Trustees or any Five or more of them are hereby authorized and empowered either to purchr.fc such Cl round as shall be necessary for making or enlarging such public D fas or Sewers, or'nrake such Satisladion for such Injury as maybe done thereto, in such Manner in every Respect as is in this Act directed for the purchasing of Lands for effectuating any of the Purposes in this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all private Drains, Sewers or V~a-tercourses, with the Bridges, Arches and Tunnels over or in the fame, which now are or which dial] hereafter be made within the Township of Gain.Jburgh aforesaid, and which do or shall issue into any of the public Drains, >ewers, Vaults or Watercourses, shall be repaired, deepened, widened, altered or cleansed under the Inspection and Direction of the Surveyor or other proper Officer of the said Trustees, at the Costs and Charges of the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands and Tenements to which the said private Drains, Sewers or Watercourses do or shall belong.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons inhabiting any House or other Bui ding within the said Town, shall, from and after the Second Monday next after the passing of this Act, sweep and cleanse or cause to be swept and cleansed, the Foot Pavement before their respective Houses, Buildings and Walls, ©n Monday, Wednesday, and Saturday in every Week, before Ten of the Clock in the Morning, or oftener if thereunto required by the said Trustees orany Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being, upon pain of forfeiting any Sum not exceeding One Shilling for every Neg led therein.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall empty any Necessary-house or Bog-house at any other Time than between the Flours of Ten of the Clock at Night and Six of the Clock in the Morning, or shall wilfully spill any of the Soil of any Necessary-house or Bog-house, in any of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, Passages or public Places, every such Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall throw, call or lay, or cause, permit or suffer to be thrown, caff; or laid, any Manure, Allie', (except as herein-after excepted) Duff, Dirt, Soil, or other Filth whatsoever, before any Dwelling House, Shop, Stable, Building or Wall, in any of the Streets, Lanes, Alleys, public Passages or Places within the said Town, but shall keep or cause the same to be kept in their respective Houses or Yards until such Time as the Person or Persons contracted with or employed to carry away such Manure, Affies, Dud, Dirt, Filth or Soil, do come by or near their Houses, Doors or Places where they dwell, with a Cart or Carts, or other Conveniencies for carrying away the fame, nor suffer any Manure, Affies, (except as herein-after excepted) Dust, Dirt, Soil or other Filth to be deposited or

\Loc. & Per.} G laid

Piioitf Dains to ecica..ied«

Fo t Pavements to bs fvvryt.

Fixing a Time f->r emptying Nec-ffny Houses, &c.

Penalty for layi"g /.thesis li'e Streets. he.

26

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

laid at any public Wharf, Staith or Landing Place within or contiguous so the said Town, for the Purpose of being put into any Boat, Vessel, Waggon or Cart, for any longer Space of Time than Six Hours from the Time of placing the same to the Removal thereof, upon pain of forfeiting for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to prevent any Person from throwing or laying any Ashes or Duff for the Safety of Foot Passengers during the Time of hard Froft, on any of the Footpaths in any of the Streets, Lanes, Passages or public Places in the said Town.

Nuifittcfs ro be removed.

Power For the Ow.ier of the Watcuvoiks to takt- up Favemi nts to repair the Pipei.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Slaughterhouse, Hog-flye, Necessary-house, or Building or Place in or near any of the Streets, Ways, Lanes, Passages or public Places, within the Town of Gainsburgh aforesaid, (Candle Housesnow erected excepted) shall be deemed a Nui-fance to any of the Inhabitants residing therein, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, upon Complaint and Proof thereof to them made by any such Inhabitants or other Person or Persons. or upon their own View, by any Writing or Writings under the Hands of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or under the Hand of their Clerk for the Time being, to order any such Nuisance or Offence to be removed; and in case the same shall not be removed within Fourteen Days after such Notice given to the Person or Persons who ought to remove the fame, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, for every Day that the same shall continue unremoved after the Expiration of the Time mentioned in such Notice.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Owners or Proprietors, or his or their Lessee for the Time being, of the Waterworks for supplying the Town of Gainsburgh with Water, and to and for any Person or Persons acting by or under his or their Authority, and also for any other Person or Persons who shall or may have any Pipe or Pipes for conveying Water from any public Main-pipe, or other Waterworks, to take up any Part of the Pavement or Flagging within any of the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, or other public Passages or Places, whenever it shall be found necessary for the Purpose of repairing or laying down any such Water Pipe, such Owners or Proprietors, or other Persons respectively, first causing Notice to be given to or left at the House of the Surveyor to the said Trustees, of their Intention to take up such Pavement or Flagging for the Purposes aforesaid, and the said Surveyor shall cause such Pavement or Flagging to be properly relaid and repaired as soon as the Work for which the same shall have been taken up shall be completed; and all the C.ofts, Charges and Expences attending the relaying and repairing thereof, shall be reimbursed to the said Trustees by the Person or Persons who shall have caused such Pavement and Flagging respectively to have been taken up as aforesaid; and in default of Payment thereof within the Space of Seven Days next after Notice in Writing, specifying the Amount of such Costs, Charges and Expences, left by the Surveyor to the said Trustees at the Dwelling Idoufe or lad or usual Place of Abode of the Person or Persons at whole Desire or on whole Account such Pavement or Flagging shall have been taken up, then and in every such Case such Costs, Charges and Expences, shall and may be levied and recovered in such and the like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act directed to be levied and recovered.

10

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4. 27

XVII. And be it further c-nafted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized tJVsitmp. and empowered, from Time to Time and at any Time hereafter, to purchase and provide such and so many Glass Lamps of such Sorts and Sizes, and also such and so many Lamp Irons and Lamp Pods as they shall judge necessary, and to direct the same to be affixed or let up, upon or against the Walls or Palisades of all or any of the several Houses or Buildings, or in or upon such other Places within the said Town of Gainsburgh, and to be altered, taken down or renewed in such Manner as they shall think fit, and to cause such Lamps or any of them, to be lighted at such Seasons of the Year on such Evenings, and in such Hours of the Evening, and to be kept burning for so many Hours as shall to them seem necessary or proper, for the well and fufhciently lighting of all or any Part of the said Streets,

Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages or Places in the said Town.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the present and future Pave- P.ivem*m«, ments, Flagdones and Curbdones in the several Streets, Lanes, Alleys,

and public Passages or Places within the said Town of Gainsburgh, and the Trutim. Stones, Gravel, and other Materials, of which as well the Footways as Carriageways of such Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages or Places, do and shall confill, and alJ'o all Gutters, Sinks, Sewers, Grates, Tunnels,

Soughs, Lamps and Covers to the Lamps, Lamp Irons, Lamp Pods, Watch-boxes, Watch-houses, Houses, Buildings, and all other Erections, Matters and Things whatsoever, which shall be erected, fixed up, made or procured by virtue of this or the said recited Act by the said Trustees; and all Materials, Implements and other Things, which shall be purchased or provided by the said Trullees for the Purposes of this or the said recited Act, shall belong to and be the Property of, and the fame is hereby vested in the said Trullees; and the said Trullees shall and may cause to be brought any Action or Actions, or direct the preferring of any Bill or Bills of Indictment (as the Case may require) against any Person or Persons who shall deal, take or carry away, detain, spoil, injure or destroy the several Articles and Things hereby or by the said recited Act veded in them the said Trustees as aforesaid, or any of them, or apy Part or Parts thereof; and in all such Actions and Bills of Indictment respectively it shall be sufficient to date generally that the Article or Articles,

Thing or Things, for or on Account of which such Action or Actions shall be brought, or Bill or Bills of Indictment preferred, is or are the Property of " The Trustees for the Improvement of the Town of Gains-" burgh in the County of Lincolnwithout particularly mentioning or specifying the Name or Names of all or any of such Trustees; and the said Trustees shall have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to sell and dispose of, for the Purposes of this or the said recited Act, all or any of the said Articles and Things, or any Part or Parts thereof, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons diall wilfully or maliciously break up, injure, destroy or otherwise damage any of the Articles or Things hereby or by the said recited Act veded in them the said Trustees, or any of the Works done by them in pursuance of this Act, every such Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, over and besides the Damages and Expences of repairing and amending the same; which said Penalty, together with the said Damages and Expences, shall be recovered in the same Manner

23

Penalty for wilful Djmaj ti> Lamps.

S.irisfaflion for acc dents Damage r® Lamp , &c.

49° GE 0RGII III. Cap. 4.

ner as is herein-after directed for the Recovery and Application of Penalties.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall l- wilfully take away, break, throw down, dil’place or damage any Lamp or Lamps already set up, or that shall be set up by virtue of this Act by Order of the Laid Trustees, or by any Person or Persons at his, her or their own Expence, for the Purpose of lighting the said Streets, Lanes, Alleys, and public Passages or Places, or shall wilfully extinguish the Light or Lights within the same, or shall throw down or damage the Po(t Irons, Cover or other Furniture of any such Lamp, it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whomsoever, who shallifee any such Offence committed, to seize, and also for any other Person or Persons whomsoever to assist in seizing the Offender or Offenders', and by the Authority of this Act, and without any other Warrant, to convey and deliver him, her or them into the Custody of a Watchman or of a Peace Officer, in order to be secured and conveyed before sortie Justice of the Peace for the Parts of Lindsey in the said County of Lincoln, and such Justice shall proceed to examine upon Oath any Witness or Witnesses who shall appear or be produced to give Information or Evidence touching such Offence; and if the Party or Parties accused shall be convicted, either by his, her or their own Confession, or upon such Information or Evidence as aforesaid, then and in every such Case he, (he and they shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and shall moreover pay such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be deemed by such Justice to be a full Satisfaction for the Damage so by him, her or them done as aforesaid; and in case such Offender or Offenders shall not on Conviction pay such Forfeitures, and also such Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Justice is hereby required to commit him, her or them, to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of and for the said Parts of Lindsey, there to be kept to hard Labour for any Space of Time not exceeding 1 hree Calendar Months; and such Offender or Offenders shall not be discharged before the Expiration of the Time for which he, (lie, or they shall be so committed, unless such Forfeiture and Satisfaction shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in. case any Person or Persons shall carelessly, negligently or accidently break, throw down or damage any Lamp or Lamps hung out and set up by Order of the said Trustees, or by any Person or Persons at his,her or theirprivate Expence,or the Pofts, Irons, Covers or other Furniture thereof, and shall not immediately, upon Demand, make Satisfaction for the Damage done thereto, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the Parts of Lindsey aforesaid, upon Complaint to him made by the Person or Persons aggrieved, and proved by one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, to summon before him the Party or Parties who shall be complained of for doing such Damage as aforesaid, and upon hearing the Allegation and Proofs on both Sides, or Non-appearance of the Party or Parties so complained of, to award such Sum or Sums of Money by way of Satisfaction to the said Trustees, or to the other Owner or Owners of such Lamp or Lamps, as the Case shall be, for such Damages, as such Justice shall think reasonable; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay any Sum or Sums of Money so awarded within Five Days after Demand, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby required to cause the same to be levied and

applied

29

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

applied in the same Manner as any Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, are by this Act directed to be levied and applied.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five for

or more of them, shall and they are hereby required, from Time to Time, ‘

to appoint such Number of able-bodied Men as they shall judge proper, watchmen, to be employed as Watchmen within the said Town during the Night-time,

and to provide proper Watch-houses, Watch-boxes or Places for the Reception of such Watchmen, and for the safe Custody of such Persons as may be apprehended by such Watchmen while on Duty, and to pay such Watchmen reasonable Wages or Allowances, and all'o to appoint one or more fit Person or Persons in the Stead of any Watchman or Watchmen who shall die, or become incapable of doing his Duty, or who shall be discharged from his or their Office for Neglect of Duly or other Misbehaviour in Office, and also to impose from Time to Time any Fine not exceeding Ten Shillings, cn any Watchman or Watchmen for every such Neglect or other Misbehaviour, such Fine to be deducted out of the Wages of such Watchman or Watchmen, and from Time to Time to make such Orders and Regulations as they the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall judge expedient, for the better Government of the Watchmen to be so appointed, and to repeal such Orders and Regulations, or any of them, and to substitute others in head thereof; and it shall be lawful for such w.uchmem Watchmen, and they are hereby required in their respective Stations to u y" apprehend and secure in some proper Place or Places of Security, to be for that Purpose appointed within the said Town, all Malefactors, Rogues,

Vagabonds, and Disturbers of the public Peace, and all suspected Persons who shall be found wandering or misbehaving themselves during the Hours of keeping Watch, and to conduct all such Persons as soon as conveniently may be before some Juhice of the Peace for the said Parts of Lindsey, to be examined and dealt with according to Law; and the said Watchmen during the Time they shall respectively aft as such in the Night, shall act as Constables, and they and every of them shall have and be inverted with the fame Powers and Authorities as Constables have by Law.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Victualler or Keeper of Penalty on any Public House, or any other Person, shall knowingly harbour or entertain, or suffer to remain in his or her House any Watchmen Watchmen of the said Town as aforesaid, during any Part of the Time appointed *h‘le on for his being on Duty, every such Victualler or Keeper or other Person

shall on Conviction forfeit and pay for the First Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, and for the Second and every other Offence of the same Kind, any Sum not exceedingTwenty Shillings.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Pcwertore-Trustees to give such Rewards in Money to the Watchmen respect jr.cn1 JitiUk-il, tively to be appointed as aforesaid, who may be disabled or wounded

in the Execution of their Office, as they the said Trustees shall think reasonable, such Money to be paid out of the Monies to be raised for the Purposes of this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Ground or Place whereon The Ground any House or Houses, Wall or Building, within the Town of Cainsburgh aforesaid, formerly or lately flood, and which is or are now or at any or Bindings

ILoc.fJfPer.) 11 Time and of

30 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

,|«kb'c!nt°jfn.’i "*me hereafter shall be wholly or in Part taken down, and every House, ■Wall or Building new making or building within the said Town, HiaM by the Owners or Occupiers of such Ground, Place, House or Building, immediately after the passing of this Act, be fenced and inclosed; and that the Ground on which any House or Building shall hereafter be built or taken down either wholly or in Part, until the same shall be rebuilt, shall likewise be fenced and inclosed at the Expence of such Owners or Occupiers respectively in ruch Manner as the TruHees shall think proper or necessary, in order to keep the Footways and Carriageways beforeor behind, or belonging to the fame, as open and free from Impediment as the Nature of the Cafe will admit of, and etiedtually to guard and protect all Persons passing by or near the fame or any Part thereof from Dan ?er or Accident, from or in consequence of any Hole, Vault, Area, Timber, Stones, Materials or Things made, brought, placed or used in, about or relating to such Ground, Place, House or Building now made or built, or which shall hereafter be made or built within the Town of Gainsburgh aforesaid, which shall be taken down either in the Whole or in Part, or which shall be altered, or repaired, or added to or begun to be altered or repaired or added to whereby or in consequence whereof the Carriageway and Footway before, behind or belonging to such House, Wall, or Building, or either of the said Ways, shall be in any Manner obstructed or rendered dangerous to or unfaie for, or expose any Person passing by or near such House, Wall or Building, or any Part thereof, to Danger or Accident as Iaft mentioned, shall be in like Manner fenced and inclosed, by and at the Expence of the respective Owners or Occupiers thereof; and the Fences and Inclosures to be made in respect of any House, Wall or Building, which shall or may hereafter be taken down, altered, repaired or added to, shall be made before such House, Wall or Building, shall be begun to be altered, repaired or added to, and all the Fences and Inclosures hereby directed to be made for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid shall be continued Handing, and in good Condition, during such Time as the said Trullees shall order and direct; and if the Owner of such Ground, Place, Perionincg- House, Wall or Building as aforesaid, shall refuse or negleti to erect and lifting or re- set up any such Fence or Inclosure as aforesaid, then and in either of the niaM8 such said Cafes every such Owner shall, for every Day such Offence shall be fence. continued, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; and

in case of such Refusal or NegleiSt, it shall be lawful for the said Trullees to cause such Ground, Place, House, Wall or Building, to be well and fufiSciently fenced and inclosed as aforesaid, or the Fence or Inclosure then erected and set up to be well and sufficiently repaired, as the Case shall require, and such Fence or Inclosure to be so continued Handing as aforesaid; and the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid, shall, over and above the said Penalty, pay all such Charges and Expences of making such Fences and Inclosures, or repairing the fame, upon Demand made by the said TruHees, or by their Clerk, and upon Refusal may, together with the CoHs attending the Recovery thereof, be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted are hereinafter directed and authorized to be recovered.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time hereafter any vfntingAui- Stones, Timber, Mortar, Rubbish, Materials, or other Things, shall be d m'- laid or placed, or any Hole or Opening shall be made in any of the Streets,

Lanes,

3*

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

Lanes, Alleys, or public Pa stages or Places already made or built, or which shall hereafter be made or built within the said Town for any Purpose whatsoever, not prohibited by or contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Owner of such Stones, Materials or other Things, or the Person or Persons causing such Hole or Opening as aforesaid to be made, shall, at his, her or their own Expence, cause a Light to be fixed in or near the fame respectively, for securing Passengers and Cattle from Accidents, every Night from Sun-setting to Sun-rising during the Time such Stones or other Materials, Hole or Opening, shall remain; and also if the said Trustees shall think proper and direct, shall, at his, her or their own Expence, cause such Stones, Materials or other Things, Holes or Openings, or either of them (as the Case may be) to be fenced and inclosed in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think proper, and continue the fame so fenced and inclosed until the Stones, Materials or other Things, or Hole or Opening, as the Case may be, shall be removed or filled up, and in Default thereof shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day or Night such Neglect or Default shall be continued; and the said Trustees, on such Default being made, are hereby empowered to cause such Light to be affixed, and to fence and inclose such Stones, Materials and Things, or Hole or Opening, and continue the fame so fenced and inclosed, and charge such Owners or other Person or Persons as aforesaid with the Expellees thereof respectively, and to recover such Expences on Refusal to pay the same to the said Trustees, and the Expence attending such Recovery, in the same Manner as is mentioned in the Cafe of Fences and Inclosures to be made in taking down or altering any House or Building as herein-before mentioned.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall have Llml| to be Power and Authority to agree with the Proprietors of and Persons puicbafeir interested in any Lands, Tenements, Buildings, Erections and Hereditaments which the said Trustees shall judge necessary and expedient to be cut, dug, pulled down, thrown up, carried away, damaged, or otherwise made use of for the Purposes of this Act, for the Purchase of such Lands, Tenements, Buildings and Hereditaments, or for the Recompence to be made to such Proprietors and Persons interested for the Damage they may sustain; and also to settle and ascertain in what Proportion the Sum or Sums so agreed shall be paid to the several Persons interested in the Premises; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors and Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seized in their own Right, and to and for all and all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in any such Lands, Tenements, Buildings or Hereditaments, to contract for, sell and convey, assign and surrender unto the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, any Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, for the Purposes aforesaid, or to agree with the said Trustees for any Recompence to be made for the Damage which may be done to any such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, by the Execution of ■any of the Powers of this or the said recited Act.; and all such Contracts

32

Contra'll, ice. to be lodged among the Recoid* of the Court of Quarter Seiiiom.

Upon Payment of the Value agreed, the Estate to be convened.

Immediately alter Con« eeyancei,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

and Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, Alignments, Surrenders and Assurances, shall be valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person or Persons conveying, but also to convey all Right, Estate, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of their several and respective Cestuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert or other Persons whomsoever, and all claiming or to claim by, from or under them, any Law, Statute, Usage, Custom, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever, are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall do in. the Premises pursuant to this Act, notwithstanding any Qmilfion or Mistake of Matter or Form whatsoever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That all the Agreements, Contracts, Sales and Conveyances, which shall be made in relation to any such Lands, Tenements, Buildings or Hereditaments as aforesaid, shall be copied into the Bcok or Books of the said Trustees, and be lodged for safe C-.'’ody among the Records of the Court of Quarter Seffor.s with the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, who shall give to the said Trustees a Receipt for the fame, when they shall be so lodged, which Receipt shall be prefer-ved by the said Clerk to the said Trustees, and shall also be copied into the said Trustees Book or Books; and the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy and Clerk to the said Trustees, shall permit and suffer any Person or Persons, from Time to Time and at all Times within the Office Hours of Attendance, to peruse and inspect the said Originals and Copies respectively, and to take Copies thereof or of any Part thereof, upon-paying for every such Perusal, Inspection, and taking of Copies, the Sum of One Shilling and no more.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That upon Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so to be contracted or agreed for as aforesaid, after such Deduction as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be so agreed to be paid for the Purchase of the said Lands, Tenements, Buildings or Hereditaments, or for the Purchase of any Estate or Interest therein, such Person or Persons shall make and execute, or procure to be made and executed, good, valid and legal Conveyances, Surrenders, Assignments and Assurances in the Law, to the said Trustees and their Successors, m Trust for the Purposes hereby intended, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, of the said Lands, Tenements, Buildings and Hereditaments, or of such Estate or Interest for which such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so agreed to be paid, and shall procure all necessary Parties to execute such Conveyances, Surrenders, Assignments and Affu-rances, and shall do all Acts, Matters and ft hings necessary and requisite to make and derive a good, clear and perfect Title thereto, to the said ft'rustees and their Successors, in Trust for effecting the Purposes hereby intended; and such Conveyances, Surrenders, Assignments and Affu-rances, shall esntain all such reasonable and usual Covenants as shall on the Part of the said ft’rustees be required.

XXIX. And be it further eracled, That immediately after the Execution of such Conveyances, Surrenders, Assignments and Assurances all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim arid

4 Demand

49° GEORGII III. Cap. a. 33

Demand in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons thentofore interested EflatM to in the Lands, Tenements, Buildings, Hereditaments and Premises to be Tiuilec:'!' purchased as aforesaid, shall vest in the Trustees for executing this Act, in Trull for efiefting the Purposes hereby intended, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual Seisin or Possession thereof, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the Premises had actually conveyed the fame by Lease and Release, Bargain and Sale inrolled, Feoffment with Livery of Seisin, Fine,

Common Recovery. Surrender, or any other Conveyance or Assurance whatsoever; and such Payment shall not only bar all Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand of the Person or Persons to whose Credit such Payment shall have been made, but also shall extend to, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the Wife and Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail, and other Estates in Possession,

R 'version, Remainder or Expectancy, and the KTue and Issues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming under them, as effectually as Fines or Common Recoveries would do if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, Buildings or other Hereditaments purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this and the said recited Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons w ho would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid alfefting the fame Lands, Tenements, Buildings or other Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the likeUfes, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, Buildings or other Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, Buildings or other Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exirting undetermined and capable of taking Effect j and in themeantimc and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in'his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds/w Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the meantime and until the said Annuities shall be ordered by the {Lee. fcf Per.] I said

Aon’icafioii cf Com ren-fuion Monejr when exceeding 200I.

34

Application when the Co in pen ration Money does not exceed 200I. and above 10!.

Application whcie the Money is left than aol.

In case of not making out Titles } or if Pertonscan not he rou°d, Pur- hale Money to be paid into the tiank;

49‘ GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would lor the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, Buildings or other Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awr.rded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, Buildings or other Hereditaments purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and tobeplaced to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner herein-after directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising ihere-on, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next beforementioned, shall be lefts than the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, Buildings or other Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted?That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of the Lands, Tenements, Buildings or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, Buildings or Herereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England in the

Name

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments (describing them); subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall feemmeet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective F.rtate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall i'eem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money mentioned and specified for what or for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforei'aid.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name or with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditamen's, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery, to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be

3 received

35

fuhiert to the Order of ti»e Court of Chancery on Motiyfi or petition.

Where any Question shall ar;fe Touch- . . ir»e ’he Title to Money to be paid, the Person who shall be in Possession of the Lar.ds,

6cc. at the Timeot fuclt Purchase,

shall be deemed entitled thereto ac-coiding to such Possession, unlc s, Jcc.

The Court of Chancery nay order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

36

Bargains and Sales to hate the Force of Fines and Recoveries.

Trnsnt at

Will, &c. to deliver i'of-leflion.

4.9® GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

received by virtue of this Act, who shall from Time to lime pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Surrender or Conveyance of any such Estate or Interest of any Feme Covert to the said Irustees, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them, by Indenture or Indentures, of Bargain or Sale, sealed and delivered by such Feme Covert in the Presence of and attested by Two credible Witnesses, and duly acknowledged, shall as effectually and absolutely convey the Estate and Interest of such Feme Covert in the Premises, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries would or could do if levied or suffered thereof in due Form of Law; and that all Bargains and Sales whatsoever to be made of any such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments as shall be purchased by the said Trustees by virtue of and for the Purposes of this and the said recited Act, shall have the like Force, Effect, and Operation in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Fine or Fines, Recovery or Recoveries whatsoever, would have had if levied or suffered by the Bargainer or Bargainers, or any Person or Persons seised of any Estate in the Premises, in Trust for such Bargainer or Bargainers, in any legal Manner or Form whatsoever.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Lessee or Tenant for Years or a Year or at Will, or any other Person or Persons in possession of any such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments, which shall be purchased by virtue of and for the Purposes of this and the said recited Act, shall deliver up the Possession of such Premises to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to take Possession of the fame, upon having Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing from the said Trustees, or the Person or Persons so authorized by them to give the fame, at such Time or Times as shall be required by such Notice, they the said Trustees, or such other Person or Persons making such Recompence to every such Tenant or Lessee as aforesaid, in case such Tenant or Lessee shall be required to quit before the Expiration of his, her, or their Term in the Premises, as the said Trustees shall deem just and reasonable; and in case any Dispute or Difference shall arise concerning the same, such Dispute or Difference shall be referred to the Determination of any Two Justices of the Peace (not interested in the Premises) acting in and for the Parts of Lindsey in the said County; and such Person or Persons in possession shall at such Time or Times as he, she, or they shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Trustees, or to the Person or Persons authorized by them to take Possession thereof; and in case any such Person or Persons so in possession as aforesaid, shall refuse to give up such Possession as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to issue their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff" of the County of Lincoln, to deliver Possession of the Premises to such Person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriff" is hereby required to deliver such Possession of the said Premises accordingly, and to levy such Costs as shall accrue from the issuing and execution of such Precept or Precepts on the Person or Persons so refusing to give Possession as aforesaid, by Distress and Sale of his, her, and their Goods and Chattels.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments to be used for the Purposes of this Act, shall happen to be in Mortgage to any Person or Persons, it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, upon Application being made to them by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, and the said Trustees are hereby authorized and' required to pay such Sum or Sums of Money, after the same shall have been so agreed for in Manner aforesaid, for such Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments in Mortgage, in Part of the Principal Money that shall be due upon such Mortgage or Mortgages, unto such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators: Provided always, that upon Receipt of such Sum or Sums of Money, an Indorsement shall be made upon the Back of such Mortgage or Mortgages, and signed by such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators respectively, in the Presence of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, in Satisfaction of so much of the Principal Money due upon such Mortgage or Mortgages.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money or other Consideration, Recompence, or Satisfaction to be paid or made pursuant to any such Agreement, Surrender, or Conveyance as aforesaid, or in Discharge of any such Mortgage, shall be paid or tendered to the Party or Parties entitled to the fame, or be paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, before the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, shall proceed to take down any House or Houses, or other Erections or Buildings, or to make use of any Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments comprized in or affected by such Agreement, Conveyance, Surrender, or Mortgage respectively.

XL. And whereas some Part or Parts of the Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments so to be purchased as aforesaid, may happen to be more than needfary to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and required to sell or dispose of, and to convey, or cause to be sold or disposed of and conveyed, such Part or Parts of the said Lands, Tenements, Buildings, and Hereditaments to any Person or Persons willing to contract, agree for or purchase the fame; and the Money arising therefrom shall be paid and applied for the Purposes of this Act.

XLI. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That the former Proprietor or Proprietors of such Part or Parts of the fame Lands, Tenements, Buildings, or Hereditaments as may not be necessary to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall have the Preference of taking or purchasing the fame, if such former Proprietors, on Notice given to them of such Intention of the said Trustees to fell, shall within Three Calendar Months agree to pay as much Money for any such Lands as shall have been or shall be offered by any other Person or Persons for the fame; and if such Proprietor or Proprietors and the said Trustees cannot agree in the Premises, the same shall be settled by Two Justices of the Peace, not interested in the Premises, acting for the Parts of Lindsey in the said County of Lincoln.

[hoc. ft? Per.~]

37

For paving ■ft M \ tgng^a on Land, ufid by the Trul-(ees.

Purchase

Money to be pvd or tendered neforc any Uie made of 1 hi

Trustee* ern-p wered to fell* See. any Ground not necessary for the Purposes of the ACi.

Former Proprietors to have Preference of taking, tent * ing, or purchasing the same.

K

3s

D brili; whu i all he Evii1en> c ct* foi nv r fro prie * s having refnle to i>urcliafs Land' ottered toth-m, and nut wanted so' the j at-pu(es of this A a.

Duties on

Coals and Lime,

Coals an i Lane to be nualaieJ.

•49° GEORGII . III. Cap. 4.

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case such former Proprietor or Proprietors of such Part or Parts of the said Lands, Tenements, buildings, or Hereditaments, as shall or may not be necessary to be made use of for the Purposes of this Act, shall not agree or shall refuse to purchase the same as herein-before mentioned, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Parts of Lindfi y aforesaid, by some Person or Persons no way interested therein, hating that such Offer was made by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refuted by the former Proprietor or Proprietors respectively, to whom the fa 1 e was so offe.ed, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Pi oof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the 1 erson or Persons to whom such Offer was made, as the Case may be.

XLIII. And whereas it is expedient that the Duties granted by the said recited Act on Coals brought into the said Town should be increased, and that Lime (except Lime for Manure) should be subject to the Duties herein-after mentioned; be it therefore further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, for all Coals or Lime which shall be brought to any Part of the Township of Galnjburgh aforesaid, either by Land or Water Carriage, and shall be there landed or unloaded, except from one Vessel to another for the Purpose of being forwarded by Water, there shall be paid unto the Collector or Collectors, to be nominated and choien by the said Trustees in Manner herein-after mentioned, the Rates and Duties following; that is to say.

For every Chaldron of Coals containing Forty-eight Strikes, or heaped Winchester Buftiels, bond fide used for the sole Purpose of working a Steam Engine or Engines, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every like Chaldron of Coals used for any other Purpose, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Ton of Coals sold by the Weight, and bondfide used for the sole Purpose of working a Steam Engine or Engines, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Ton of Coals sold by the Weight, and used for any other Purpose, the Sum of One Shilling: And

For every Chaldron of Lime containing Thirty-two Buftiels of heaped Winchester Measure, the Sum of One Shilling; and so in Proportion for every greater or less Quantity of Coals or Lime.

And that the said Sum and Sums of Money to be paid for such Rates or Duties as aforesaid, shall be paid by the Master or Owner or other Person or Persons having the Care or Conduct of the Ship, Boat or Vessel, Waggon, Carriage, or other Mode of Conveyance wherein or whereupon such Coals or Lime shall be shipped, loaden, carried, or conveyed, immediately after such Coals or Lime shall be delivered or unloaded from such Ship, Boat, Vessel, Waggon, Carriage, or other Mode of Conveyance respectively; any Thing in the said Act. to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the passing of this Act, all Coals or Lime brought into any Part of the said Township as

aforesaid,

39

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4:

aforesaid, and there landed or unloaded, shall be measured or weighed respectively in the Presence of the Collector or Collectors, Measurer or Mcafurers, or of some other Person or Persons appointed by the said Trustees to raeafure or weigh the fame respectively; and that if any Person or Persons shall deliver or cause to be delivered any Coals or Lime, without being measured or weighed respectiv'ely by the proper Officer or Officers hereby appointed or authorized to be appointed to measure or weigh the fame, or by false or less Measure than is hereby directed to be provided for the measuring of Coals or Lime as aforesaid, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay to the said Trustees the Sum of Five Pounds, over and besides the said Rates or, Duties afore, laid; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause the said Coals and Lime io delivered as aforesaid, to be measured by the proper Officer and Officers hereby appointed, with such Assistant or Assistants as he or they may deem requisite, and to charge the Expences thereof to such Offender or Offenders; and which Penalty and Expences shall be recovered and levied in such Manner as is herein-after directed for the Recovery and Application of Penalties: Provided always, that the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall find and provide a sufficient Number of Bushels of Standard Measure, and a sufficient Number of Beams, Scales, and Weights, to be delivered to and kept by the Collector or Collectors in order to measure and weigh such Coals and Lime as shall be delivered as aforesaid; and that all Labourers, and other Persons requisite and necessary to be employed in measuring or weighing such Coals and Lime as aforesaid (except the Measurer or Mcafurers, Weigher or Weighers appointed by the said Trustees), shall be found and provided by the Person or Persons so delivering the said Coals or Lime as aforesaid,

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in any Case where the Owner or Owners of any Coals which shall have been landed or unloaded within the Township of Gav:Jhurgh aforesaid, and which shall have paid the L uties imposed by this Act, shall make it appear to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, that the fame were so landed or unloaded for the bend fide Purpose of being forwarded in Vessels by Water to any other Place or Places, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby authorized and required to return and pay to such Owner or Owners, a Drawback of the Sum of One Shilling and One Penny Halfpenny for every Chaldron of Coals so delivered as aforesaid, and which shall have been re-shipped and forwarded by Water to any other F‘iace or Places for Sale or Consumption.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to charge or impose any Duties upon any Lime which shall or may be brought into the Township of Gamjburgh aforesaid for the Purposes of Manure, nor shall any such Lime be liable or subject to any of the Powers, Clauses, or Provisions contained in this Act as to Measuring or otherwise howsoever.

XLVIL. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, by Writing under their Flands, at their first or any subsequent Meeting held in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, appoint One or more Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks,

0 Measurer

Trustees to find Mcaturej, kc.

For allowing a Drawback on Coala landed for the Purpose of being forwarded in Vessels to other Places.

Exemption of Duties, 4cc. on Lime ufetl as Ma-nure-

Trustees to appoint Treasurer, Clerk, Measurers, See. and de. ilver up the Books, Sec.

40

4-9° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

Menfurer or Measurers, Weigher or Weighers, Collector or Collectord, Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officer or (Officers, for the Execution of this and the said recited Act, as they the said Tru(lees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper, and from Time to Time remove hint or them and appoint others, as they shall find necessary and convenient; and by and out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, may and they are hereby empowered to pay such Salaries and Allowances to such Officers, and to all other Persons employed by them the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act, as they shall think reasonable; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may take such Security for the due Execution of the respective Offices by such Person and Persons as aforesaid, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and such Person or Persons as is or are hereby made liable to pay the several Rates, Duties, or Sums of Money hereby granted, shall pay the same to such Collector or Collectors; and all such Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall, under their Hands, at such Time and Times and in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall direct, deliver to such Trustees true and perfect Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Care or Charge by virtue of this or of the said recited Act, and also of all the Monies which shall have been by such Officer and Officers, or Person and Persons respectively, received by virtue and for the Purposes of the said recited Act or of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and all the said Officers and Persons so accounting as aforesaid, shall, upon Oath if thereunto required (which Oath the said Trustees, or any One or more of them is or are hereby empowered and required to administer), verify their said Accounts; and if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or to deliver up the Vouchers relating to the fame, or to make Payment as aforesaid, or shall not deliver to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days next after being thereunto required by any Five or more of them the said Trustees, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this or of the said recited Act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or as they shall direct or appoint, then and in either of the Cafes aforesaid, such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Names of such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, so refilling or neglecting as aforesaid, in order for the Recovery of the Monies that shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; or if Complaint shall be made by the said Trustees, or by any Five or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the Parts aforesaid wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting as aforesaid shall be and reside, such Justice or Justices may and is

and

4i

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

and are hereby authorized and required, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so refilling or neglecting to be brought before them, and upon his or their appearing or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter in a luminary Way; and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parries, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oaih, it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Monies that shall have been collected or raised by virtue of this Act, shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justice or Justices may and is and are hereby authorized and required upon Non-payment thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers,

Person or Persons offending in the Premises respectively; and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money and the Charges of distraining and felling the fame, or in case it shall appear to such Justice or Justices by the Confession of the Party so offending, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness upon Oath, that any Books, Papers, or Writings, relating to the Execution of this Act, shall be in the Custody or Power of any such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, and he or they shall refuse to deliver the same as aforesaid, then and in either of the said Cafes such Justice or Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol of the County or Place where such Offender shall be and reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he shall give and make a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall compound with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and shall have paid such Composition in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to make), and until he shall deliver up such Books, I’apers, and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them: Provided always, that no Person, who shall be committed on account of his having no Goods or Chattels, shall be detained in Prison for any Term longer than Six Calendar Months.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Treasurer, oncers under Clerk, Surveyors, Measurers, Weighers, Beadles, Watchmen, and all [ohoMUu-h-other Servants and Officers appointed by virtue and in pursuance of the Situations said recited Act, shall hold and enjoy their several and respective Offices untlt remove,i-and Employments, together with the several and respective Salaries,

Gratuities, and Allowances thereto annexed, until he or they shall be removed therefrom respectively by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; and every such Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyors, Beadles, Watchmen, and other Servants and Officers, shall be subject to the like Pains and Penalties and Powers of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations, as if he, she, or they had been nominated or appointed by virtue of this Act.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who as aTreasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, Weigher, Measurer, or any other Officer or w»rd but hit Servant, shall be any Ways employed by the said Trustees in putting this f^erettetTin* or the said recited Act or any of the Powers thereof in Execution, shall any Bargain ILoc. fcfiV.] L exact,

42

Weighers and Measurers of Coale io take •n Oath-

Oath,

Ouiies to be j'ai.l to t ie CoiKetoi on Oemantl.

Remedy in eale ul Non-pat ment of the Duties.

49® GGEORGII III. Cap^.

exact, take, or accept any Fee or Reward what Coe ver, ether than such Salaries, Allowances, and Rewards as shall be appointed, allowed, and approved of by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for or on Account of any Thing done or to be done by virtue of this or the said recited A cl, or on any Account whatsoever, relative to the putting this or the said recited Act in Execution; or shall any Ways be concerned in Interest in any Bargain or Contract made or to be made by the said Trustees or any of them, for the Purposes of putting this or the said recited Act in Execution, every such Peri'on so offending shall be incapable of ever serving or being employed under this or the said recited Act, and shall over and above forfeit the Sum of One hundred Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts ot Record, within Six Calendar Months after the Offence committed, in which said Suit no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance, shall be allowed.

L. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Weigher or Measurer to be appointed as aforesaid, until he shall take an Oath before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Parts (who is hereby authorized and required to administer the same) in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

I A.B. do solemnly swear, That I will truly and faithfully, according to the bed of my Skill and Ability, execute and perform the Office ‘ of Weigher and Measurer of Coals and Lime, for the Township of

* Gtiin/lurgh, and that I will well and rruly measure or weigh the fame

* between Buyer and Seller, without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or

* Partiality, to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.

Which Oath the said Justice is hereby required to certify in the Minute Book of the said Trustees.

I.L And be it further enacted, That all such Person and Persons as is or are hereby made liable to pay such Duties as aforesaid, shall pay the same to such Collector or Collectors as shall from Time to Time be appointed for that Purpose upon Demand; and such Collector and Collectors respectively shall, from Time to Time, pay the fame over into the Hands of the Treasurer or Trenfurers, within such Time as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall order and appoint.

LIE And be it further enacted, That in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay the said Duties or any Part thereof in Manner as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Collector or Collectors, by Order or Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them (which Warrant such Trustees or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered to grant without calling any Meeting for that Purpose) so soon as such Coals shall be landed or delivered out of any Ship, Boat, Vessel, Waggon, Carriage or other Mode of Conveyance, to seize and didrain such Ship, Boat, Vessel, Waggon, or Carriage, or other Mode of Conveyance, wheresoever the fame may be found, and whether the same shall be then empty or wholly unladen, or shall be Part loaded or laden with any other Goods, and the same to keep and detain until the Duties, together with all the Colts

and

43

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

arid Expences of such Warrant and Distress, shall be satisfied and paid according to the true Intent and Meaning of this or the said recited Act; and in case the said several Sums of Money for which such Distress shall be so taken or any Part thereof, shall not be duly paid within Three Days after such Distress taken, together with the Costs and Expences of such Distress, that then it shall be lawful for such Collector and Collectors so distraining, to cause the said Ship, Boat, Vessel, Waggon, Carriage or other Conveyance so ditlrained, to be appraised by Two skilful Persons, in the Presence of both or one of the Constables of the said Town where the same shall be seized, and after such Appraisement to sell and dispose of the fame; rendering to the Owner or Owners thereof, or to his, her or their Agent or Agents, or leaving with the Master or Conductor of such Ship, Boat, Vessel, Waggon, or other Carriage so distrained, the Overplus, if any there be, and the fame be demanded, reasonable Charges being first allowed out of the fame, unto such Collector or Collectors, for the taking, keeping and felling such Distress.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by any Writing or Writings under their Hands, to nominate, appoint and licence such and so many Person and Persons as they shall find requisite and necessary, as Porters or Labourers for the Purpose of delivering and carrying Coals or Lime for Hire, from any Vessel or Place of Delivery upon or near the River Trent, within the Township of Gainsburgh aforesaid, into any Part of the Town of Gainsburgh aforesaid, and into any House, Outhouse, Cellar or Yard in such Town, or into any Carriage Handing in any Part of the said Town; and also to remove, suspend or displace all or any of such Porters or Labourers as they shall see Occasion, and appoint another or others in his or their Place and Stead; and also to order, direct, regulate, settle and ascertain the Rates, Prices and Wages of such Porters or Labourers, and from Time to Time to make such Bye Laws, Rules and Orders, as to them the said Trustees shall seem necessary and expedient (such Bye Laws, Rules, and Orders, not being repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England) and to print and publish all such Rates, Prices and Wages, and also the several Orders, Rules, Bye Laws and Regulations to be made as aforesaid, by affixing true Copies thereof on the Market Place, Pump, Town Hall, or some other public Place within the said Town; and that the Names of all such Porters or Labourers so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the Collector or Clerk for that Purpose, and he and they shall be deemed to be a Porter or Labourer, Porters or Labourers, by virtue of this Act, until he or they shall be discharged as aforesaid, or until he or they shall deliver his or their Resignation or Resignations respectively, to the said Collector or Clerk for the Time being; and that such Porters or Labourers shall be obliged to accept and take such fair and reasonable Rates, Wages and Prices, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time order and direct as aforesaid; and that if any of the said Porters or Labourers shall demand and receive any greater or larger Sum for such his or their Labour or Porterage as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to carry Coals, or Lime, according to the Rates and Prices so to be set by the said Trustees as aforesaid, after Tender to him and them made of so much Money as shall be due, conformable to such Rates and Prices as aforesaid, every Porter or Labourer so offending shall for every 9 facn

To appoint Coat Perteia.

44

498 GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum of Money not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

NoPcfotu to

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Per* &c!unWi*’p. sons shall on any Account or Pretence whatsoever, carry or deliver any poimtd by Coal',- or Lime for Hire, in any Part of the said I own of Gainsburgh as

Tmittc. aforesaid, unless he or they shall be previously duly appointed and licensed

determined by the said Trustees as aforesaid, under the Penalty for every such Offence of any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

Tru(te*sto

LV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Coals or

provide Sa-kr. Lime shall be carried by any Porter or Labourer in the said Town, or landed, unloaded or taken out of any Boat, Vessel or Carriage, but in Sacks to be provided by the said Trustees, of the Width of Twenty-seven Inches at the leaf!:, and of Depth sufficient to contain Two heaped Win-cheffer Bushels below the Lap or Slit, and on which some Mark or Stamp shall have been set by Order of the said Trustees, which Sacks shall be bought and provided by the said Trustees, and such Stamp or Mark fixed by their Order thereon; and the same shall be delivered by the Collector or Collectors to all such Porters or Labourers so to be appointed as aforesaid, when and as often as they shall require the fame upon Payment of the prime Cost thereof; and each Porter or Labourer so offending, shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings.

LVI. And, for more effectually raising Money towards defraying the Expences of obtaining this Act, and of carrying the fame into Execution, in aid of the Duties before laid and imposed by this Act, but not otherwise; be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby authorized and required once or oftener in every Year, as they shall see Occasion, to cause such Sum of Money to be raised by a R ate or Assessment, upon the several Tenants or Occupiers of all Messuages, Houses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Stables, Coach-houses, Brewhouses, Brewing Offices, Granaries, Malrhouses, Storehouses, and other Buildings lying within the Town aforesaid, and of the several Gardens, Yards and Orchards adjoining to or upon any of the Streets, Lanes, or other public Passages or Places within the said Town, and which shall be paved, cltanfed, lighted or watched by virtue or in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, according to the annual Rent or Value of the fame Premises respectively (not exceeding in any one Year the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence in the Pound upon such annual Rent or Value) as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, shall think proper and necessary, such annual Rent or Value to be from Time to Time ascertained by or according to the respective Rents at or upon which such Messuages, Houses, Warehouses, Shops, Cellars, Vaults, Stables, Coach-houses, Brewhouses, Brewing Offices, Granaries, Malthouses, Storehouses and other Buildings, Gardens, Yards, and Orchards respectively, shall from Time to Time be rated or assessed in or by the Rate or Rates made for or towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Town, and existing at or immediately before the Time of making the Rate or Assessment under this Act: Provided always, that if such Rate or Rates for the Relief of the Poor shall be computed at or upon any proportionate Part or Parts of the full annual Rent or Value of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, the Rate or

Assessment

*5

49° G E O E G11 III. Cap. 4.

Assessment under this Act shall not be computed upon such proportionate Part or Parts, but upon the full annual Rent or Value upon which such proportionate Part or Parts hath or have been computed and taken; and if in any such Rate or Rates for the Relief of the Poor, any Person or Persons shall be omitted to be rated, the Name or Names of such Person or Persons so omitted shall be added to the Rate or Assessments so hereby directed to be from Time to Time made, and he, she or they shall be rated and assessed according to the just and true annual Value of such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, by him, her or them acaupied, and thefirft Year forwhich such Rates or Assessments shall be made, shall commence at and be computed from the first or such subsequent Quarter Day after the passing of this Act, as the said Truf tees shall appoint.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any p°ru^'e^0tr0the Inhabitant of the Town of Gaimburgh aforesaid, shall make it appear n\ eve pyor to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, at a Meeting of Appeal to be held for that Purpose, of which Eight Days Notice shall be given on the fr'.m'the Pay-Door of the Parish Church of Gainsburgh, and affixed on some con- mem of the fpicuous Place at the Post Office, that he is unable to pay the whole or Rates> &c‘ part of such Rate, and a fit Object to be relieved, that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees at such Meeting to relieve such Person, either from the Payment of the whole or any part of the said Rate, as to them shall seem expedient; and that such Rate shall notwithstanding such Alterations be good, valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, notwithstanding any such Alterations being so made therein.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Afltflou to t* Trustees or any Five or more of them, when and as often as they shall aPF->;nled‘ fee Occasion, to nominate and appoint one or more of the Inhabitants of the said Town, at such Salary as shall be agreed upon, to be the Assessor or Assessors of such Rates or Assessments; and such Assessor or Assessors is and are hereby authorized and required to make such Rates and Assessments from Time to Time accordingly, and to appear at such Time and Place as the said Trustees shall by Writing under their Hands order and appoint, and then and there produce and deliver to them Two Copies or Duplicates of the Assessments made and subscribed by such Assessor or Assessors, and also from Time to Time upon reasonable Notice to him or them given by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, to attend them the said Tfuftbes at any of their Meetings to explain the respective Rates and Assessmeilfs, and the said Trustees shall from Time to Time as soon as may be after* any fitch Rate or Assessment shall be made and delivered to them by such Assessor or Assessors settle and sign the fame, and cause a Duplicate thereof also signed by them to be delivered to the Collector or Collectors to be appointed in that Behalf, and shall also issue their Orders to the said Collector or Collectors requiring him or them to collect and receive the respective Sums of Money' made payable by such Rate or Assessment, and such Collector or Collectors is and are hereby authorized and required to collect and receive the same accordingly; and also once at least in every Month, or oftener if directed so to do by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them by Writing finned by their Clerk for the Time being, to pay the Money lo to be collected and received by virtue of this Act, to the Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint to receive the same, to be [luf. ts* Per.] M applied

4.6 49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 4.

applied to and for the Uses and Purposes of this and the Paid recited Act; and all and every such Collector or Collectors shall and is and are hereby required at the Time of making every such Payment of the Money so by them respectively collected as aforesaid, to deliver to such Treasurer or other Person or Persons empowered to receive the same, a true and exact Account of all Sums of Moncy received by him or them respectively, and also of such Sums of Money, Rates or Assessments (if any) as shall remain uncollected, together with the Reasons whereby the fame have not been collected; and if any Person who shall be appointed to the Office of Assessor by virtue of this Act, shall neglect the due Execution and Performance of Inch Office, without shewing some reasonable Cause to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees for such Neglect, or shall wilfully make Default in the Performance of the Duty of his said Office, or shall otherwise misbehave himself therein, he shall for every such Neglect, wilful Default or Misbehaviour, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered as other Penalties are herein-after directed to be recovered, and also be discharged from his said Office, if the said Trustees shall think fit.

LIX. And, in order to ascertain the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of this Act, be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause all or any of the Books or Assessments of Rates towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Town to be brought before them, and to take a Copy or Copies of such Books or Assessments, or of any Part or Parts thereof, without Fee or Reward; and if any Person or Persons in whose Custody or Power any of the said Books or Assessments shall be, shall refuseor neglect to attend the said Trustees with such Books or Assessments in his, her or their Custody or Power, or to permit or suffer the said Trustees

to take or cause to be taken a Copy or Copies thereof, then and in every such case every such Person so oilending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

Tmftccs to

LX. And be it further enacted, That if such Assessor or Assessors so

amend Rates nominated and appointed, shall at any Time or Times neglect or omit

inmpioper, to rate or assess any Person or Persons liable to pay or to be charged with any Rate or Assessnient to be made by virtue of this Act, or shall in any such Rate or Assessment over-rate or under-rate any Person or Persons liable to pay any such Rate or Assessment, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to rate or assess in the said Rate or Assessment such Person or Persons so omitted to be rated or assessed, and to lessen or raise the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments of such Person or Persons so over-rated or under-rated, or otherwise to alter or amend such Rate or Assessment as aforesaid, so as to make the fame conformable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to strike out the Name or Names of any Person or Persons not liable to the Payment of the Rates hereby directed to be made; and that all such Additions to, or Alterations or Amendments in such Rates or Assessments, shall be as valid and effectual as if the fame had been Part of the Rates or Assessments originally made.

Power for Trustees to order the Parish Rate B >uks so be produced, &c.

Tower for

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4. 47

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That hi all Cafes AT°t0"{* tcs where any Person or Persons shall remove from or quit any Property, for ^tween qUt-or in respect of which fufti Persons shall be rated or assessed or be ting/.ni in-liable to be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, such Person ^p!ent c" or Persons shall be liable to pay such Rate or Assessment in proportion to the Time that he, she or they occupied the fame reflectively, in like Manner as if he, she, or they had not removed irom or quitted such Property; and in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall come into or occupy any Property, for or in respect whereof he, she or they shall be rated or assess'ed, or be liable to be rated or assessed as aforesaid, out of or from which any other Person or Persons shall be removed, or which at the Time of making any such Rate or Assessment was empty or unoccupied, the Person or Persons coming into or occupying the fame Property (although his, her or their Name or Names may not be inserted in the Rate) shall be liable to pay such Rate or Assessment in proportion to the Time that such Person or Persons shall occupy the fame in like Manner as if he, she or they had been originally rated orafleffed by Name for such Property, such Proportion to be settled and ascertained in case of Dispute by the said Trustees.

LXn. And be it further enacted, That where any Messuage, House or Tenement within the said Town, shall be let into ready-furnished Lodgings, rea,iy the Landlord or Owner of every such Messuage, House, or Tenement, tunuth-t shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier thereof, for the Purposes Lo(L'nss* of this Act, and shall be charged with and liable to pay the whole of the Rate or Rates to be from Time to Time assessed for or in respect of every such Messuage, House, or Tenement.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Messuage or other pavilion in Property, for or in respect of which any Rate or Assessment ought Cafe* where to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be let or demised to more than one mo" Owners Tenant or Occupier, or shall belong to more than one Owner, anyone or occupies more of such Tenants or Occupiers, or any one or more of such Owners, t,?n °"c’ shall be deemed to be the foie Tenant or Occupier or foie Owner thereof, for the Purposes of this Act, so far as relates to the Payment or Recovery of all or any Rates, Assessments, Costs, Charges and Expences, charges able on such Tenants or Occupiers and Owners respectively by virtue of this and the said recited Act; and all such Rates, Assessments, Costs, Charges and Expences may be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any one or more of such Tenants or Occupiers, or of such Owners as the Case may be, in the same Manner as if such Tenant or Occupier or Owners were in Fast the foie Tenant or Occupier or foie Owner: Provided always, that such Occupier or Occupiers shall not at any Time be required to pay, or be subjector liable to pay any greater Sum or Sums of Money for or towards the Discharge of the said Rates or Assessments or any of them, and the Arrears thereof, than the Amount of the Rent actually due by such Occupier or Occupiers to the Owner or Owners of the Premises so occupied by him, her, or them.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person o r Houses, &c. Persons shall be liable to pay any Rate or Assessment to be made under ",^rca"^e, the Authority of this Act, for or in respect of any Messuage, House or other Building, or of other Premises which shall be unoccupied during 11 the

4-8

Mode of Re-

C'.i'.'fry of Rates.

Rates on

Church,

Mee ing

Houses,

Almshouses,

&e.

Payment of

Rates, ice. not to fain Settlement-

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

the whole of the Quarter of a Year in or for which the Quarterly Portiofi of Rate or Assessment demanded shall have become or accrued due.

I.XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons who shall be rated or assessed, or subject or liable to the Payment of any Rate or Assessment to be made or laid or made payable by virtue of this Act shall refuse or neglect to pay such Rate or Assessment to any Collector to be appointed as aforesaid, for the Space of Ten Days next after Demand made by the Collector or Collectors thereof in Writing under the Hand of such Collector, and left at the last or usual Place or Places of Abode of the Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said Parts of Lindsey, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to authorize and direct the said Collector or any other Person to levy such Rate or Assessment, and all Arrears thereof, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay as aforesaid, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Owner or Owners of the Goods or Chattels so distrained, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

LXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to determine the Number of square Yards of Pavement belonging to or in the Charge of the Churchwardens and Chapel-wardens of the Church and Chapels, the Feoffees, Guardians or Trustees of or for the respective Meeting-houses or Places of Divine Worship, and the Governors of the respective Hospitals or Alms-houses and Workhouse ■within the said Town, for or in respect of such Church, Chapels, Meeting-houses, Hospitals, Alms-houses and Workhouse respectively, and of the Yards thereto respectively belonging, and to rate and assess such Churchwardens, Chapehvardens, Feoffees, Guardians, Trustees and Governors respectively, with such yearly Sum or Sums of Money as they the said Trustees shall judge reasonable to be paid; and that such yearly Sum or Sums to be rated, assessed and charged as aforesaid, shall be paid by the respective Officers or Persons to be so rated, assessed or charged therewith, to the respective Collectors to be appointed in that Behalf, in such Quarterly or other Portions as the said Trustees shall appoint; and in case of Default in Payment of the said Rates or Assessments respectively, shall and may from Time to Time cause the same to be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of any one or more of the respective Officers or Persons respectively charged, in the same Manner as if such Officers or Persons respectively were actual Owners and Occupiers of the Property, and were or had been charged as such; and all such Officers or Persons respectively may charge the Sum or Sums to be so rated, assessed, and charged on them respectively, after Payment thereof to or in their respective Accounts.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall gain any legal Settlement within the Town aforesaid, by reason only of his, her, or their being rated and assessed to or paying any Rate or Assessment to be made under or by virtue of this Act, or by reason only of his or their being appointed to or accepting, holding or executing any Office or Place of Appointment whatsoever under or by virtue of this Act.

LXVIII. Ana

49° GEORGII III. Cap.\.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them (but subject and without Prejudice to any Sum or Sums of Money already raised under the Powers of the said recited Act) from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest, such further Sum or Sums of Money as they shall judge necessary for the Purposes of this or the said recited Act upon the Credit of the Rates, Duties or Assessments to be laid and collected by virtue of this Act, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of any Five or more of them, to assign all or any Part of the said Rates, Duties or Assessments to such Person or Persons as shall lend or advance any Money thereon, or to his, her or their Trustee or Trustees, as a Security for the Principal Money to be advanced, with legal Interest for the fame; and the Costs and Expences of such Assignment thereof to be made as hereinafter mentioned, shall be from Time to Time defrayed by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be so borrowed; and every such Assignment shall be in the Words or to the Efteft following; (that is to say)

* \X/E of the Trustees ap"

* * ' pointed by or in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An Act, &c. [_bere in-

* fert the Title of this Aff] in Confederation of the Sum of

‘ advanced and lent by A.B. of

* upon the Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act, Do hereby grant ‘ and assign unto the said A.B. or his Trustee or Trustees \as the Cajema-i

* require] his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of

1 the Rates, Duties or Assessments arising by virtue of the said Act, as ‘ the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which may at any. Time be borrowed or become due and

* owing or be charged upon the Credit of the said Act, to be had and hol-

‘ den from this Day of until the said

‘ Sum of with Interest at the Rate of

' Pounds per Centum per Annum for the fame, shall be

‘ repaid and satisfied. In Witness whereof we the said Trustees have ‘ hereunto set our Hands and Seals, the Day of

4 in the Year of our Lord

And all such Assignments shall be numbered, commencing with Number One, and so proceeding in an arithmetical Progression ascending, whereof the common Excess or Difference shall always be One; and every such Sc«-curity shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall entitle the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Payment thereof, and to all Profit and Advantage thereon, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees shall think it advisable or more advantageous to raise all or any Part of the Money to be borrowed under this Act, by granting Annuities for Lives instead of Assignments as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under their Hands and Seals or under the Hands and Seals of any Five or more of them (but subject and without Prejudice to any Sum or Sums of Money already raised under the Powers of the said recited Act) to grant an Annuity or Annuities to any Person or Persons who shall con-[LoC. y Per. j N tribut

49

Power tj

bouow

Money.

Form of AC-tigninent-

Power of

Tvuitre. to ra fe Mtmtv ty Anauuxr.

5°

F tth of Hit l.r^nt of A:u.ui:y.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

tribute, advance and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Truf-ues any Sum or Sums of Money, as to the said Trustees shall seem right and proper, for the absolute Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable during the natural Life of every fuc’n Contributor, or the natural Life of such Person as shall be nominated by or on the Part of such Contributor, at the Time of Payment of his, her or their Contribution or Purchase Money, and either with or without Benefit of Survivorship, as the said Trustees shall think proper, so that no such Annuity shall exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds per' Centum per Annum upon a single Life, except in such Cases where the Person for whose Life any Annuity shall be paid be of the Age of Sixty-three Years or upwards; and the Expence of every such Grant shall be defrayed by the said Trustees, and the Grant of every such Annuity shall be in the Words or to the EffeS following; (that is to say)

* VX/E of the Trustees appointed by or in

* ’ * pursuance of an Act, passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign

‘ of King George the Third, intituled, An Act, &c. [here insert the Title 1 of this Act] in Consideration of the Sum of paid

‘ by A.B. [or, if intended to be granted with Benefit of Survivorship, by ‘ E. F. G. H. £*»] to C.D. the Treasurer appointed in pursuance of the ‘ said Act, Uo hereby grant unto the said A.B. and his Assigns [or, if

* by Survivorship, unto the said E. F. G. H. &c. and to the Survivors or 1 Survivor of them] an Annuity or yearly Sum of

* out of the Rates, Duties or Asseffments granted or arising by virtue of ‘ the said Act, which Annuity or yearly Sum of

* shall be paid to the said A.B. or his Assigns during the Term of his na-‘ tural Life [or, as the Case may be,~\ to the said A.B. his Executors, Ad-‘ ministrators or Assigns, during the natural Life of C.D. [or, if by ‘ Survivorship unto and among them the said E. F. G. H. &c. and the

* Survivors or Survivor of themj upon the Day of

* in every Year during the natural Life of him the

‘ said at the Town Hall in Gai/uburgh aforesaid, the

‘ First Payment thereof to be made on the Day of

‘ next ensuing the Date hereof. In Witness whereof, we the said Trustees ‘ have hereunto set our Hands and Seals, the Day of

* in the Year of our Lord

•And every such Grant shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law> without any Enrolment or Registry of the Memorial thereof; and every Annuity so granted as aforesaid shall be and is hereby charged upon, and shall be payable and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees out of the said Rates, Duties or Assessments, and other Money to be received by virtue of this Act according to the Grant of such Annuity.

Power of

transtfi ring

Mprt IJrfgr*

and Annuities

Form of Transfer.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Person entitled to any of the Securities for the Money to be borrowed upon legal Interest as aforesaid, or to be raised by the granting of Annuities as aforesaid, and their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns (as the Case may be) from Time to Time and at all Times thereafter, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to transfer such Securities to’any Person or Persons whomsoever, which t ransfer may be in the Words or to the EffeS following j (that is to say):

I A.B. being entitled to the Sum of

Annuity of

or an

secured to C.D. and his ‘ Assigns

40* GEORGII III. Cap. 4.' 51

* Assigns [or, his Executors, Administrators and Affigrs, as the Case may

‘ Ae] By virtue of an Assignment or Grant of an Annuity, bearing Date ‘ the Day of under the Hands

‘ and Seals of of the Trustees acting in the

‘ execution of an Act, passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of ‘ King George the Third, intituled, An Act, &c. [here irfert the Title of ‘ this Act] upon the Credit of the Rates, Duties, or Assessments, granted 1 or made payable by the said Act, Do hereby transfer all my Right and

* Title in and to the same Sum [or. Annuity] and all Iulereit and other ‘ Money now due and owing thereon unto E. F. his Executors, Adminif-

* trators and Assigns. Dated the Day of

* in the Year of our Lord

And a Copy of every Security or Assignment, and of every Grant or Annuity, which shall have been made in pursuance of this Act, and an Extract or Memorial of every Transfer thereof respectively, shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees. which Extract or Memorial shall signify and contain the Date, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money thereby transferred, to which Book any Person interested shall at all fcasonable Times have Access, and have free Liberty to insped the fame without Fee or Reward, and for the Entry of every such Transfer the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Six Shillings and Eight-pence, and every such Transfer, after Entry thereof as aforesaid,

shall entitle the Person to whom the Transfer shall be made, and his or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred, without any other Registry or Enrollment whatsoever; and every such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame again, and so toties quoties, and it shall not be in the Power or any Person or Persons (except such Person or Persons to whom the same shall be lad transferred) to release, discharge or make void the original Mortgage or Annuity, Security or the Monies due thereon, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage, Annuity or Transfer shall be made as aforesaid, shall, in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money thereby secured, be Creditors on the Rates, Duties or Assessments by this Act granted (without Prejudice to any Sum or Sums of Money already received under the Powers of the said recited Act) in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of advancing their Monies, or of the Dates of their Securities.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Trustees can at Power to any Time borrow or take up any Sum or Sums of Money at a lower Rate «7l°*rr°n,5r of Interest than the Assignments or Securities which shall be in force shall interest to bear, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees from Time to Time to charge securT-fes of the said Rates, Duties or Assessments in Manner aforesaid, with such Sum a higher Rat*, or Sums of Money as they shall think proper, and the Interest thereof, at such low Rate as aforesaid, and to pay off and discharge the Assignments or Securities (except Annuities or Assignments thereof) bearing a higher R ate of Interest, according to the Directions and Regulations herein prescribed for paying off Assignments or Securities.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall P‘"»ity on at any Time or Times obstruct, hinder, abuse, molest or disturb any of ng"0r the Trustees, or any Treasurer, Clerk, Measurer or Weigher, Assessor, aiiauting Collector, Receiver, Surveyor, Scavenger, Watchman, or any other Of- Wolk,r'cr’-

ficer

52

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

ficer or Officers, Workman, Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, are or shall be employed under and by virtue of this Act, in the Performance or Execution of his or their Duty, or of any of the Matters or Things to be done by virtue or in pursuance thereof, every such Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Pr vifnn for

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said TruHees may sue and

jn^def-ndn sued in the Name of their Clerk for the Time being, and that all Actions,

A.'iior.* in the Suits, Prosecutions, Informations, Appeals and ether Proceedings what-Nfrk of £l e ^oever> t^lat may Se necessary or expedient to be brought for the Recovery of any Penalty or Sum of Money due or payable by virtue of this Act, to be had, taken, prosecuted or defended by or again!! the said Trustees, shall be had, taken, prosecuted or defended in the Name of their Clerk; and that no Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceeding to be had, taken, prosecuted or defended by or again!! the said Trustees or any of them, by virtue of this or the said recited Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Suf-pension or Removal of such Clerk, or by any Act or Default of such Clerk done or suffered without the Consent or Direction of the said Trustees; but that the Clerk to the said Trustees for the Time being shall be always deemed the Plaintiff, Prosecutor, Informant, Appellant, Defendant or Respondent in any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceedings, as the Case may be, except in such Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, as shall be prosecuted between the said Trustees and their Clerk for the Time being, in which Action or Suit any one of the said Trustees shall or may be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be: Provided always, that all and every such Clerk, in whose Name or Namts any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal or other Proceeding shall be had, taken, prosecuted or defended in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies arising by virtue of this or the said recited Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action, Suit, Prosecution, Information, Appeal, or other Proceedings, he or they shall pay, bear, sustain, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with or liable for, or be fairly entitled to, by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, Informant or Informants, Appellant or Appellants, Respondent or Respondents as aforesaid, unless such Action or Suit shall arise in consequence of his own wilful Neglect cr Default, or have been brought or commenced or be defended without the Order or Direction of the said Trustees.

Th: Mode of

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures UTaIci by ‘bis or the said recited Act imposed and incurred, or by any Bye

tion J?c-1 Law, Rule or Order to be made in pursuance thereof; and all Costs,

»o fe:tur» Charges, and Expences allowed ordered or directed to be paid by the Au-

01 e. re. thor;ty of this or the said recited Act, or any such Bye Law, Rule or

Order (for the Recovery v. hereof no other Method hath been directed by this Act) together with reasonable Costs, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattel.:, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the Parts of L 'mdfey aforesaid, which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and requii ed to issue, either upon his own View or upon the Cc-nlession of the Party or Parties,

5 or

53

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

or upon the Evidence of any one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath; and the Overplus of the Money (if any) arising by such Distress and Sale, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, alter deducting the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, and of recovering such Penalties, Forfeitures, Sum or Sums of Money; and all such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Sums of Money when recovered, shall, if not herein directed to be otherwise applied, be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and be applied by him for such of the Purposes of this or the said recited Act as the said Trustees shall think fit; and in case no sufficient Distress or Distreffes can be found, or such Penalties, Forfeitures or Sums of Money shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol or House of Correction, of and for the said Parts of Lindsey, there to be kept to hard Labour, without Bail or Mainprize, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the fame, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Person orrersons shall be convicted of any Offence againllthis or the said recited Act, or any Matter in pursuance thereof, the Conviction shall be drawn up in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

Lmccinfhirf.i < it remembered. That on this Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

* A.B. is convicted before me, [or, us, as the Case may be] One [or, Two, ‘ as the Case may he] of His Majesty's Justices or the Peace for the Parts ‘ of Lindsey in the County of Lincoln, by virtue of an Act passed in the ‘ Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, ‘ intituled, An Act, See. [ here insert the Title of this Act | of having [here

* state the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame was ‘ committed, as the Case may be] contrary to this or the said recited Act ‘ [as the Case may be] or contrary to a certain Bye Law made on the

* Day of pursuant to the said

‘ Act or Acts [as the Case may be] for which Offence I [or, we, as the Case ‘ may be] do declare and adjudge that the said A.B. hath forfeited the

* Sum of bur if mitigated, which I [or, we, as the Case may

‘ be] mitigate to the Sum of Given under my Hand

‘ and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals, as the Case may be] the Day and Year ‘ first above written.’

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where the said Trustees, or any Justice or Justices of the Peace are by this Act authorized or required to examine any Person or Persons on Oath or Affirmation, it shall be lawful for such Trustee or Trustees, or Justice or Justices respectively, to administer such Oath or Affirmation; and that if any Person or Persons shall, upon his or her Examination upon Oath or Affirmation, before the said Trustees or Justice or Justices respectively, wilfully and corruptly give faife Evidence, such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof duly convicted, shall be and is and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to such Pains and Penalties as by any Law now in being, Persons convicted of wilful and corrupt Perjury are subject and liable to.

Form of Conviction ot Of-tiiidvri.

Power to ad-

miiiitter

Oathl.

0

54

Limiting the Time for Information of Offences.

Power for Inhabitants to be Wit nen'ea.

For compell-ingAttendance of Witnesses

Power for justiceito make Allowances to Informers and WUnclici.

KiftreTes not unlawful for want of Form uitaiy.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

LXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be subject or liable to the Payment of any Penalty, Forfeiture, or Sum of Money imposed by this or the said recited Act, or by virtue of any Bye Law, Rule, or Order to be made in pursuance thereof, for any Offence against this or the said recited i^ft, or the said Bye Law, Rule, or Order, unless Information shall be given of the Offence within Two Calendar Months next after such Offence shall have been committed.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Actions, Prosecutions, Informations, causes, and Proceedings, whatsoever, relating to or concerning the Execution of this or the said recited Act, no Person acting under the Authority of the said Trustees, or holding any Office or Situation under them, nor any Inhabitant of the said Town of Gainsburgh, shall be deemed to be an incompetent Witness, by reason of his or her being so appointed as aforesaid, or by reason of his or her being charged with and liable to pay any Rate or Asseffment under or by virtue of this Act.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses to give Evidence before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, touching any Matters of Fast contained in any Information or Complaintfor any Offence against this or the said recited Act, or against any Bye Law, Rule or Order made or to be made in pursuance thereof, whether on the Part of the Prosecutors or of the Person or Persons complaining of, and which Summons such Justice or Justices as aforesaid is and are hereby authorized to issue, where and in such Cases only as such Justice or Justices as aforesaid is and are made competent by this Act to hear and determine the fame; and if any such Person or Persons so summoned, as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the Time and Place to be for that Purpose appointed, without any reasonable Excuse for such his, her or their Refusal or Neglect, to be approved of by such Justice or Justices, or appearing shall refuse to be examined on Oath or solemn Affirmation, and to give Evidence before such Justice or Justices, then and in every such Case every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Justice of the Peace before whom any Offender shall be convicted of any Offence against this or the said recited Act, if he shall think fit, to deduct, allow and pay any Part of the Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture which shall be imposed and received of any such Offender convicted before him of any such Offence as aforesaid, unless herein otherwise directed (not exceeding One Moiety or Half Part thereof) to the Informer or Informers, Witness or Witnesses, against such Offender, in such Shares and Proportions as to such Justice shall seem meet.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this or the said recited Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or want of Form in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, a I. initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved hv such

Irregularity,

55

4C° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.

Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Writ, Precept, Process, Verdictt. Rate, Assessment, Judgment, Conviction or other Proceeding, touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning any Offence against this or the said recited Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majel-ty’s Courts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

LXXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants, or left at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode Twenty-eight Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney or Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her or them, or to his, her or their Attorney, by or on behalf of the Defendant or Defendants before such Action brought, and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action by Leave of the Court where such Action shall depend, at any Time before issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order and Judgment, shall be had, made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees at their Meetings, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall be signed by the Clerk or Clerks at any Meeting of Five or more of the said Trustees assembled (as the Case shall require) and such Orders shall be deemed and taken to be original Orders j which said Book or Books and also the Book or Books kept for the fame Purpose under the said recited Act, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, without specially pleading or proving the same.

LXXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Rate or Assessmenc which shall be made or be demanded in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the said Trustees at their First Meeting which shall be holden after the Expiration of Fourteen Days from the Time of demanding such Rate or Assessment; and the said Trustees at such Meeting are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall think such Person or Persons aggrieved, to give such Relief in the Premises as to them shall seem reasonable; and if any Person or Persons shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Trustees therein, or if any Person or Persons shall think himself, herself or themselves aggrieved by any Order, Judgment or Determination of the said Trustees, or such Two Justices as herein-before mentioned, or by any Penalty imposed, or by any 2 Conviction

Proceeding* not to be quashed or removed by Certiorari.

plaintiff not to recover without Notice o< after Tender of Amends.

Proceedings to be entered in a Book,

Appeal.

58

Not to repeal the C'lause* relating to the payment of *5l. per Annum

Kvpences of this Act how 10 Le paid.

[Public Act.]

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 4.

XC. Provided also, and be it farther enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to.extend to repeal and make void so much of the said recited Act, as relates to the Payment and Recovery of the Sum of Twenty-five Pounds per Annum, paid and payable Yearly by the Constable of the said Town of Gainsburgh to the said Trustees, for the Purposes in the said recited Act mentioned.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That the Cods, Charges and Expences preparatory to and attending the applying for and' obtaining and pading this Act, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed out of any Money which hath arisen by virtue of the said recited Act, or out of the first Money which shall arise by virtue thereof and of this Act, before and in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as fuph by all Judges, indices, and others,' without being spedally pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from

Rotherham to Swinton, in the West Riding of the

WHEREAS the making, maintaining, and keeping in Repair z Carriage Road, from the North End of the Town of Rotherham, through Rawmarsh, to the South End of a certain Lane, tailed Pottery Lane, in the Township of Swinton, in the West Riding of the County of York, would be of general publick Utility, by opening a nearer and more convenient Communication between the Towns of Rotherham, Rawmarsh, and Swinton, and would be a great Advantage and Convenience to the Owners of Estates and Inhabitants in the Parishes of Rotherham and Rawmarsh aforesaid, and Wath-upon-Dearne, in the said Weft RiJing; but as the fame cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be ena&t'd; and be it enacted by the King*s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Right Honourable Charles William Viscount Milton, Sir Trustees. Francis Lindley Wood Baronet, the Honourable Frederick Lumley, Thomas Athorpe, Christopher Alderfm Clerk, Jonathan Alderson Clerk, William Al-derson Clerk, William Parkin Bofville, Charles Bowns, John Bower Doctor of Physick, Thomas Bayliffe Clerk, Richard Burton Clerk, Th mas Booth,

Hilliam Blakey, Matthew Blacksmith, William Blacksmith, Peter Barker,

"Jacob Boomer, Benjamin Boomer, John Boomer, John Brameld, William Brameld, Thomas Brameld, James Brownell, Edward Barnsley, Thomas Bingley, William Bing/ey, Thomas Briggs, John Crowder, John Crowder the younger, William Crowder, Edward Chorley Doctor of Physick, John.

County of York.

[13th March 1809.}

[Let. Id Per.]

£1

Cooke,

.62

Power to appoint new TiuiUe.

All A<5b may be dune by Tiulteee., un-iefs otherwise directed.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. S'

Cooke, William Cooke, John Coupland, Joseph Clark, Samuel Clark, Samuel Clarke, Robert Clarke, James Clarke, John Craufhdw, 'ihomas Carr, John DymnJ Doctor of Physick, James Dixon Clerk, Joseph Dakin, Vincent Henry Eyre, John Eountayne El-win, Charles IVoff Eyre Clerk, Francis, Ferrand Foljambc, Francis Ferrand Foljambe junior, George Fol-jambe, Henry Foljambc, Anthony Firth, John Firth, William Fenton, Thomas Fenton, John Foster Clerk, John Fosler, John Fcfter junior, "John Fisher, William Green, John Green, Richard Holden, Thomas TTarrifon, Joseph Harrison, Philip Hawley, George Hall, William Hall, George Harvey, Philip Hunt, John Jackson, Joseph Johnson, William Jubb, John Seaton Kent, William Wilson Kent, William Kay Doctor of Physick. John Lowe Clerk, Richard Lacy Clerk, George Lempriere, James Archibald Stuart Wortley Mackenzie, Marmaduke Middleton Middleton, John Marriott, Robert Marsh, Charles Newton, Samuel Oliver, John Oxley, John Oxley junior, Joseph Oxley, Hugh Parker, John Payne, John Payne ihe ypunger, Henry Payne, William Squires Payne, Thomas Parker, William Pu/lin, Cornelius Heathcote Rodes, Peter Acklom Reef on Clerk, Thomas Raddish Clerk, John Roodhouse, Thomas Roberts, Joseph Roberts, Isaac Roberts, Valentine Radley, William Radley, William Rodgers, Charles Augufius Stuart Clerk, Samuel Shore, John Shore, William Shore, Richard Stanley, William Stanley, John Sorby, John Shepherd, Thomas Stan so’ th, William Smith, Vincent Smith, John Kindersley Tudor, Thomas Trebeck Clerk, Joseph Turner, Joseph Half eld Turner, William Turner, John Turner, Henry Thornhill, Robert Taylor, George Taylor, Jofias Verelji, Charles Vereljl Clerk, Jo/hua Walker, Thomas Walker, Samuel Walker, Jonathan Waller, Henry Walker, Jcfhua Walker the younger, Richard Fountayne Wifon, Benjamin Wainwright Doctor of Physick, Thomas Olivers Warwick Doctor of Physick, Henry Watkins Clerk, John Wainwright the younger, J homas Wright, George Whitaker Clerk, John Woodcock, George Woodcock, and Joseph Wheatley, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making, maintaining, and keeping in Repair such intended Turnpike Road.

II. And be it further enacted, That as often as any of the Trustees-hereby appointed, and to be elected and appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall die or refure to act in the Execution of this Act, it shall be lawful for the surviving or continuing Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time, at any Meeting to be holden in pursuance of this Act, by any Writing under their respective Hands, to elect and appoint four* fit Person to be a Trustee in the Room of every Trustee lb dying or refusing to act, Ten Days previous Notice in Writing of the Time and Place of Meeting of the said Trustees for every such Election being given by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road for the Time being, determined by affixing such Notice upon all the Turnpikes then erected across the filial Road; and every Person who shall be so elected and appointed a Trustee shall and may act with the surviving and continuing Trustees in the Execution of this Act, in the same Manner as if he had been originally appointed a Trustee in and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Acts and Proceedings relative to the Execution of this Act may be done and executed by any Five or more of the Trustees hereby appointed, and to be elected and appointed as aforesaid, except only in the Cafes herein-after particularly mentioned as requiring a greater or lei's Number of them.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 5. 63,

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be capable Qualification of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act unless he shall be in *f Trust«s* his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the aitual Possession or

Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal together, of the Value of Eight hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person possessed of an Estate in Land of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds Hor shall any such Person be capable of ailing in the Execution of this Act, save and except in administering the Oath following to the other Trustees, until he (not being such Heir Apparent as aforesaid) shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following before any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized and required to adir.inifter the fame; (that is to say),

* T do swear, That 1 truly and bond JiJe am in my own

* -*■ Right [or, in Right of my Wife, as the Case may bf in the aitual ‘ Possession or Enjoyment of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the ' clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or posseflfed of or entitled to a

* Personal F.state alone, or Real and Personal together, of the Amount or e Value of Eight hundred Pounds.

'So help me GOD/’

And if any Person not being so qualified shall ail as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Proteilion, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imp rlance shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor than that such Person hath ailed as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Aits and Proceedings of any AiiAfoof Person or Persons ailing as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Tr , t Ait, though not duly qualified as aforesaid previous to his or their being dolie^tore conviiled of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be c<.n»iaion, as good, valid, and effectual as, if such Person or Persons had been qua-lifted according to the Directions of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as are or Tntftets may shall be Justices of the Peace, shall and may in their respective Jurjfdictions, and they are hereby empowered to ait as Justices of the Peace in in^rrfUd.* ' the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or TSm»«-fMe»t-more of them, shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to T[J11 ir'* meet together at the Star Inn in Rawmarsh aforesaid, on the Second OwnExpeuc«. Thursday next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently

may be, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall then adjourn themselves, and from Time to Time afterwards meet and adjourn to such Place near to the said Road as they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper;

6'4-

Oiders of one Meelipg n r to be revoked by another, except in certain Crfes.

Meetings on Ihncigencic!.

Trustees may erect Toll Hout ij ic.

Tolls.

4.9* GGEORGII III. Cap. 5.

per; and the said Trustees, at all their Meetings, shall defray their own Expences.

VII. And it is hereby declared, That all Orders and Determinations made at any Meeting of the said Trustees, shall be made by a Majority of the Trustees then present; and no Order or Determination shall be re» yoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Nine Trustees shall be present, and Two-thirds of them shall decide in favour of such Revocation or Alteration, and unless the Person or Persons applying to revoke or alter any such Order shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the Clerk or Clerks, or to the Person or Persons acting as Treasurer or '1 reasurers to the said Trustees, to be by him or them affixed in Manner herein-before directed with respect to Notices for the Election of new Trustees, at least Ten Days previous to any Meeting.

VIII. And be it further-enacted, That if after Adjournment of any Meeting of the said Trustees it shall be thought necessary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by any Ad-V journment, or if for Want of a proper Adjournment or otherwise it shall be necessary to call a Meeting of the said Trustees, the Clerk or Clerks-to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing ligned by Three or more of them, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Ten Days after such Notice); and such Meeting shall and may be held accordingly, and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at all such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they

would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of

Adjournment.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may

from Time to 'lime cause to be erected and set up such and so many

Turnpikes or Toll Gates, in, upon, or across, or on the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Road, and across any Lane or Way leading into, from, or out of the fame, and also such Toll House or Houses, Weighing Engine or Engines to each Gate or Turnpike, or otherwise as they shall think needfery, with suitable Outbuildings thereto, and also may inclose from the said Road convenient Garden Spots to the said Toll Houses, as they may judge proper, and may cause any such Turnpikes, Toll Gates, Toll Houses, Weighing Engines, or other Buildings from Time to Time to be taken down, removed, or altered, as they shall judge proper; winch said Turnpikes, Toll Houses, Weighing Engines, and Buildings, and all Materials for making or repairing the fame, are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and that the following Sums of Money shall and may be demanded and taken as Tolls, before any Horse, Cattle, Beall or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through any such Turnpikes or Toll Gates respectively; (that is to say).

For every Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Curricle, Calalh, Chaise, Chair, Hearse, or Chaise Marine, drawn by Six Horses, or other Bealls* of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses or other Bealls of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling:

I

Fot

65

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

for every Chaise or Chair drawn by One Horse, the Sum of Sixpence:

For’every Horse, or other Bead of Draught, drawing any Waggon or other Carriage laden with a Block of Stone, or with Timber, or any MiUlione, the Sum of Four-pence:

vfor every Waggon, drawn by Eight Horses, with Nine-inch Wheels, the SjMrii'of,- One Shilling and Four-pence:

For eve;y Waggon, drawn by Six Horses, with Six-inch Wheels, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Waggon, drawn by Four Horses, with Three-inch Wheels, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Cart, drawn by Four Horses, with Nine-inch Wheels, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Cart, drawn by Four Horses, with Six-inch Wheels, the Sum of Eight-pence:

For every Cart, drawn by Three Florfes, with Three-inch Wheels, the sum of Nine-pence:

For every Cart, drawn by One Horse only, with Three-inch Wheels, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every other Cart, drawn by One Horse only, the Sum of Twopence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, faden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Beads, or Neat Cattle, by the Score, the Sum of Ten-pence:

For every Drove or Herd of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, or Swine, by the Score, the Sum of Five-pence; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

Which Paid respective Sums shall be demanded and taken in the Name of Power to re-

and as a Toll by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall from cover

Time to Time authorize and appoint to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall,

after Demand thereof made by any Person or Persons authorized to receive

the fame, neglect or refuse to make Payment thereof, or of any. Part or Parts thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so authorized, to

seize and didrain any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage upon which any

Toll is by this Act imposed, or the Loading, Harness, or Accoutrements-

of any such Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage upon which any such Tolls

are by this Act imposed, belonging to any Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay the same as aforesaid (except the Bridle or Reins of

any such Horse, Cattle, or Bead, separate from such Horse, Cattle.'or

Bead); and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Dillrei's

and of keeping the fame, shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days

next after the Day of making such Didrefs, the Person or Persons so <fif-

training shall and may at any Time or Times thereafter fell the Horse,

Cattle, Bead, Carriage, Goods, and Chattels so didrained, and out - of the Money which shall arise by such Sale pay or retain such Tolls, and alt reasonable Charges incurred by such Didrefs and Sale, returning the Overplus of the Money which shall arise by such Sale, and what shall remain unfold (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall happen con- f r settling ing any Tolls dt [Loc. & Per.']

cerning any Tolls due, or the Charges occasioned by any such Didrefs as Dl, Put" Cun-

r ' " R aforesaid, cs‘n ,<s l0116-

66

Collector* declared competent Wit-ncffei.

Trnfiees may reduce the Tolls, and raise them again to any Sinn not exceeding the Rates 1st fore granted, provided no deduction be made without the Can lent of Cred.tori.

T-lls to be paid but Once a Cay.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so distraining to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof, till the Amount of the Tolls and the Charges of such Distress shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the West Riding of the County of 2 ork, who, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, shall examine the Matter by Oath of the Parties, or of a Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Toll due, and assess the Charges of such Distress, and of the Collector’s Attendance upon the said Justice for that Purpose; all which Sums so determined and act’effect shall be paid to the said Collector before he or she shall be obliged to return the Goods so distrained, or the said Overplus, or any Part thereof respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be deemed incompetent to give Evidence therein by Reason of his or their being appointed to collect such Tolls.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which Meeting One Calendar Month’s Notice shall be given in some Newspaper or Newspapers published and circulated in the said West Riding, and also affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be (landing on the said Road, from Time to Time to lessen or reduce all or any of the said Tolls, and also any additional Tolls payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in force for Overweight, in such Manner as to them shall seem fit and convenient, for and during such Time as they the said Trustees shall think proper; and afterwards, at any Meeting to be holden as aforesaid from Time to Time, if they shall see Occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the several Rates granted by this Act, or now made payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force and Effect with respect to Overweight: Provided nevertheless, that when the whole Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls shall not have been paid and discharged, such Tolls shall not be lessened or reduced without the Consent of the Person or Persons entitled to Fivedixths of the Money remaining due upon the Credit of the said Tolls.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall be liable to pay more than One Toll for passing and repassing at any Time or Times in any One Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) with the fame Horses, Cattle, Beads, and Carriages, through any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act (except as herein-after provided), but that all and every Person and Persons having paid Toll Once and producing a Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll (which Ticket the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on the Receipt of the Toll), shall afterwards pass and repass with the fame llcrfes Cattle Beads, and Carriages, Toll-free during the same Day, through’all such Toll Gates or Turnpikes: Provided always nevertheless, that Waggons Wains, Carts, and other such like Carriages (save and except as herein!

after

6?

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

after excepted), shall be liable to the Payment of One Toll in the Whole, and no more, for passing and repairing at any Time or Times in any One Day through all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected between the North End of the Town of Rotherham aforesaid, and that Part of the Town of itawmarsh aforesaid which adjoins upon the Road leading to the Upper Hauph, and also One other Toll in the Whole, and no more, for passing and repassing at any Time or Times in any One Day through all or any of the Toll Gates or Turnpikes to be erected between such Part of the Town of Ra-jjmarJh aforesaid, and the South End of the said Lane called Pottery Lane.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, Bealt, or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Lime, Timber, Trees, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for making or repairing the said Road, or any Bridge thereon, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Road lies; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners; or for any Horse, Cattle, Beall, or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Lime, Mould, Dung, Compost or Manure employed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horse or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being llioed or farried; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Tow..'hips or Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Sick Person; or upon other his Parochial or Miniderial Duty on a Sunday, or any other Day on which Dirine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Bors. . Cattle, Bead, or Carriage of whatever Description, employed e; to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses unde- the Authority of His Majesty's Podmaster General, either when employed in conyeying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or i. returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Cart, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of York, on the Day of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to

or

EvempMon* fro 11 Toil.

68

49° GEORGII * III. Cap. 5.

or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons shall be drtffed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

To Prcvcj’t

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, 1 ' with any Plorfe, Cattle, Beall, cr Carriage whatsoever, pass through any Land or Ground adjoining to or lying near any Toll Gate or Turnpike, to be by virtue of this Act erected, the fame not being a publick Road; or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Land or Ground shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons with any Horse, Cattle, Beall, or Carriage to pass through the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the said respective Tolls, or any Part thereof shall be evaded; or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person or Persons, or forge or counterfeit any Ticket by this Act directed to be given by the Collectors of the said respective Tolls; or if any Personor Persons shall, at any Time or Times take off, or cause to be taken off, any Horse or other Cattle or Bead from any Carriage, whereby the Payment of any Part of the said respective Tolls shall be evaded, or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near any Part of the said Road, any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Beast, with an Intent to avoid the Payment of any of the said respective Tolls, or of any Fart thereof, or with such Intent shall unload any Goods from any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage; every Person so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

I'0"fVu"'

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Tulls, ' 1 Trustees, from Time to Time as they shall see convenient, to compound

and agree for any Term, not exceeding One Year at any one Time, with all or any of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes or Townships to or through which the said Road leads, for the passing of their Horses, Carriages, or Cattle through all or any of such Toll Gates or Turnpikes as aforesaid.

Power <0

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

le-iie the I'elk. Trustees, after giving Twenty-one Days previous Notice thereof in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes then erected across the said Road, and to be inserted in some Newspaper or Newspapers published in the said West Riding of the County of York, from Time to Time to let or farm the Tolls granted by this Act, or any Part or Paits thereof, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the bdl Rent or Price that can reasonably be gotten for the fame, provided that the Leases, Contracts, or Agreements of or for the fame be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Person or Persons taking or farming such Tolls and also by the said Trustees, payable at such Time or Times and in such Manner, and with, under, and subject to such Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements as the said Trustees shall think fit.

49° GEORGII III. Cap.$,

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trullees, or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think fit upon the Credit of the Tolls aiifing by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to assign over the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Turnpike Gates and Toll Houses for collecting the fame (the Charges of such Mortgages or Assignments to be paid out of the said Tolls), to any Person or Persons for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for the Repayment of the several Sums that shall be borrowed, with the Interest: thereof; which Assignment shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

‘ T> Y virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King Georgs the Third, intituled, An Act [fetforth

‘ the Title of this Ad~] we of the i'rultees

‘ acting in the Execution of the said Act, in consideration of the Sum of ‘ to the Treafujrer of the said Road

‘ in Hand paid by do hereby grant,

* bargain, fell, and demise unto the said

‘ Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tolls

* arising by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum of

* doth or shall bear to the whole Sum advanced or to be advanced on the ‘ Credit of the said Tolls, to be had and holden from the

‘ Day of for and during the Continuance of the said

‘ Act, unless the said Sum of with lawful Interest for the fame, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied. Given under our Hands

* and Seals this Day of in the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages and Assignments shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trullees, but no Money shall be borrowed unless Notice be for that given in some Newspaper published or circulated within the said West Riding of the County of York, and also upon the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then Handing upon the said Road, at lealt Twenty-one Days before the borrowing thereof; and all Mortgages or Assignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid shall be good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, transfer their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit in and to the said Security, and the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement on the Back, of such Security in the Presence of One credible Witness; which Transfer shall be in the Words, or to the Effect following:

* T Do transfer the within Mortgage, and all the Principal and Interest

* now due thereon, unto Executors, Administrators, and

* Assigns. Witness my Hand and Seal this Dav of

All which Transfers shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof, containing the Dates, Nantes of the Parties, and Sums of Money, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, for which the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and no more; and after such Entry made, every such [Lee. 14 P‘r-~\ S Transfer

69

Power fobur* raw xVioj.ey*

Form of Alignment.

Form of Traiufcft

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

Transfer shall entitle the respective Assignees or Persons to whom the fame '-J' shall be made, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment rhereov, and every such Assignee shall and may tn like Manner assign and transfer again, and lb loUes quoties, at'd it shall not be in the Power of any Person making such Assignment or Transfer afterwards to make void, reieai'e, or discharge the lame Security, or any Monies thereon due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom Inch Mortgages, Alignments, or Transfers shall be made as arore-said, shall be, in proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned. Creditor* on such Tolls, Turnpikes, and Toil Houses, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in relptxl to the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or the Dates of Inch Mortgages or Alignments.

Appii-?tion

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which flnall arise of the Money. ang be pI0duced by the Subscriptions as aforesaid, and from the dolls by this Act granted, together with the Monies which frail from Time to 7ime be borrowed in pursuance of this Act, and all other Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act, and not herein otherwise. appropriated or directed to be applied, shall be vested in the said Trullees for the Time being, and shall be applied to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in the Order and Manner following; (that is to say), in the First Place, in Payment of the Colts, Charges, and Expences of preparing and passing this Act, and of making the Survey and Estimate respecting the fame; in the Second Place, in paying the Interest accruing upon the several Principal Sums of Money which shall from Time to Time be due and owing on the several Mortgages or Securities made in pursuance of this Act; in the lhird Place, in defraying the Expences of erecting and providing Turnpikes, Toll Houses, and other Buildings, and of making, forming, repairing, widening, and altering the said Road, and purchasing Land for those Purposes, and of erecting and maintaining necessary and convenient Bridges upon the said Road, and of executing the several other Powers and surposes of this Act; and lastly, in reducing, paying off, and discharging the several Principal Sums for the Time being due on such Mortgages or Securities as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it frail be lawful for the said Trustees, by Writing under their respective Hands, to appoint Ore or more Collector or Collectors of the said foils, Cleric or C lerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and such other Officers as the said frustees shall think necessary; nd such Collectors, Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officei , or any of tfiem, from Time to Time to remove, and on the Removal, Death, or Resignation of any of them, to appoint others in their Stead (provided that no Person, being a menial Servant of any Trustee, shall be capable of holding any Place of Prefit or Trust under this Act); and the said Trullees are hereby authorized to allow and pay to the several Collectors Clerks, Treasurers, Surveyors, and other Officer's, and to such other Person or Persons as shall be affilPng in the Execution of this Act, such Salaries and Allowances for their Trouble, Labour, and Service, as the said Trustees shall deem reasonable; and a'l such Officers and Persons shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said '1 ruflees deliver to them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint true’

Appointing

Offiuri.

7*

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

exact, and perfect Accounts in Writing, under their Hands upon Oath (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer), of all Monies which they respectively shall have received to that Time by virtue of this Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and dkbursed, and for what Purposes, together with proper Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their or any of their Hands to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and if any such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to give such Account, or to produce or deliver up such Vouchers as aforesaid, or to verify such Account upon Oath, or to pay the Money due upon such Account in Manner aforesaid, or to deliver up to the said Trullees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Ten Days after being thereunto required by the said Trustees, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his or her Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, in every or any of the said Cafes, it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County', Riding, or Division where the Officer or Person so making Default shall be or reside, upon Complaint thereof made to them by any Two or more of the said Trustees, to make Enquiry concerning such Refusal, Default, or Neglect, as well by the Confession of the Parties themselves respectively, as by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices, or either of them, are and is hereby required and empowered to administer without Fee or Reward ;) and if such Officer or Person shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, such Justices shall, upon such Conviction, commit him or her to the Common Gaol or House of Co'rreftion of the same County or Place, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he or she shall have given and made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he or she shall have compounded and agreed with the said Trustees (which Composition the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make), or until he or (lie shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or made Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees, provided that no Person shall be so committed, as last; aforesaid, for a longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Incapacity, or Absence of any Collector of the Tolls, it shall be lawful for any Ihree or more of the said Trustees, though not assembled at a Meeting appointed in pursuance of this Act, by any Writing under their respective Hands, to nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector of the said Tolls to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees in the Place or Stead of such Collector as shall so die or become incapable ot absent himself.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take such Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver and Receivers, Collector and Collectors, Surveyor or Surveyors, and from any other Officers to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, for the faithful Execmion of their respective Offices, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to make and repair, and from Time to Time widen, divert, shorten, vary, and alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts

erf

T uftcc* may appoint fen

porafy Col. Ic'iotfe in cei* tali Calea.

Tniftcc* to take Security.

f*>wer to make, widen or aaerthe Koac.

72 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

of the said Road through or over any Waste Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and also through or over any private Lands or Tenements, fird making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons intereded therein, for the Damages they may thereby fuitain, and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners ot and Persons intereded in any private Lands or Tenements for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage which such Owners and Persons interested, or any of them, shall or may anyways sustain by opening and making the said intended new Road, or widening, turning, or alter-Fower to Cor- ing any part or Parts thereof, or of any other Road; and it shall be tofe'lir*’&C' lawful for all Bodies Po itick. Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, and all FeoiTees in 'Trull, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and other Trudets whomsoever, for and on Behalf of any Infants, Femes Covert, Ceduique Truds, and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or diall be seised, possessed of, or intereded in any such Lands or Tenements, to contract and agree with the said Trustees for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to fell to them all or any of such Lands or Tenements as Occasion shall require; and all Contracts and Sales so made, shall, without any Conveyance or Assurance in the Law, be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trud, Executors, Administrators, Guardians and Trustees, and all other Persons, are and shall be hereby indemnified for what (hey shall do by viriue or in pursuance of this Act; and if any such Owners, Proprietor.-, Occupiers, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or Sole, Trustees, or any other Person or Persons intereded in any such Lands or Tenements, upon Notice in Writing by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road, to him, her, or them given or left at the respective Dwelling Houses or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Head Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Tenements so to be taken in and possessed for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, shall, by the Space of Ten Days after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every or any such Case the said Trustees shall cause it to be enquired into and ascertained by and upon the Oaths of a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men, of the Wed Riding of the County of York (which Oaths any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered and required to adminider), what Damages shall be fudained by, and what Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to such Owners, Occupiers, or other Person or Persons intereded, for or on Account of the taking and possessing for the Purposes aforesaid of such Lands or Tenements, and in order thereto the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time as Occa-Con shall require, to summon and cad before Ihe said Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined as a Witness or Witnesses t uching or concerning the Premises (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to adminider); and they

t ->■ '> shall

73

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

shall also order and cause the said Jury to view the Places in Question if there be Occasion, and use all other lawful Ways and Means, as well for their own as for the Jury’s better Information in the Premises, as the said Trustees shall think fit, and after the said Jury shall have enquired of, ascertained and settled such Damages, Recompence and Satisfaction, the said Trustees shall thereupon order the Sum or Sums of Money, so assessed by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners or Occupiers of or other Persons interested in the said Lands or Tenements, according to such Verdictt or Inquisition of the said Jury, which said Verdict or Inquisition Their Verdict and Order, so had and made, shall be final, binding, and conclusive, to to be final* all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever, claiming any Estate in Fee Simple or Fee Tail, for Life or Lives or Years in Possession, Reversion, Remainder or otherwise, their Heirs, Successors,

Executors, and Administrators, Infants, Issue unborn, Femes Covert,

Persons beyond the Seas and under any Disability whatsoever. Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all other Persons whomsoever; and for the summoning and re- shfritr to turning of such Jury or Juries, the said Trustees are hereby empowered to jurje's. issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of York, or in case such Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies shall be anyways interested in the Matter in Question, then to foine one of the Coroners of the same County not interested therein, thereby commanding and requiring such Sheriff or Coroner to impannel, summon, and return a Jury of Twenty-four honest and indifferent Men, qualified according to Law to be returned for Trials of Issues in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to appear before the said Trustees at such Time and Place as in such Warrant shall be appointed, and the said Sheriff’, his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number accordingly, and cut of the Persons so impannelled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any One or more of them, shall swear or cause to be sworn Twelve who shall be the Jury for the Purpose aforesaid j and in default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or Coroner, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can be speedily procured to attend that Service (being qualified as last aforesaid), to the Number of Twelve, and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Trustees acting in the Premises shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, or such Coroner, making Default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury and shall not appear, unless prevented by Sickness or other sufficient Cause, or who shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or on being sworn refusing to give or not giving their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglecting their Duty therein, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and on any of the Persons who, being required to.give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises, shall refute or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and give Evidence, provided that any such Fine shall not exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon any Inch Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, or Ccroner, and the Sum of five Pounds upon any other Person lor any one Offence.

ILoc. & Per.']

I

7+

Tm'lftf empowered to fell the Ground not wanted for the Purposes of this «.£*, and f'etfins of whom it was bought, or whole Lands adjo:n, to have the •’reference.

Expences of the Jury andl Wimefle,-, how to be paid.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

XXIV. And whereas by reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees are empowered and required to make by virtue of this Act, or by reason of the diverting of some Part or Parts of the said Road they may happen to be seised of some Piece or Pieces of Ground over and above what shall be liccessary for effecting the PurposeSof this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sell and dispose of mch Pieces or Parcels of Ground, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find most convenient and advantageous, to such Person or l’ersons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the fame: Provided always, that the said 1 ruf-tees, before they shall sell and dispose of any Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, shall offer the same to the Person or Persons of whom the same shall have been purchased, or (in case of diverting any Part or Parts of the said Road) to the Person or Persons whole Lands shall adjoin thereto; and if such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree (except with respect to and on Account of the Price thereof as hereinafter mentioned), or shall refuse (except with respect to and on Account of the Price thereof) to purchase the fame respectively, an Affidavit to be made and fvvom before a Master or Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding of the County of York (who are hereby reflectively empowered to take the fame), by some Person or Persons noWay interested in the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, dating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was relufed, by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Off er was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing the fame, and he, flie, or they, and the said Trustees shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, then the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a July in Manner herein-before directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act; and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein before directed with respect to such Purchases made by the said Trustees mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arile by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such Piece or Parcel of Road or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nenapplication of such Money.

1 XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Juries to be summoned and sworn pursuant to the Directions or Authority of this Act, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any such I.ands or Tenements, or for any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees before the summoning and returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or for any Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne ‘.I .;Idj '■ and

75

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

end paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees out of any Money which shall then be in his Hands, or out of any Monies to be received by virtue of this A cl; but if any Jury or Juries so summoned and sworn as aforesaid, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, before the summoning or returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Reconi-pence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or Losses or Damages as aforesaid, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences as aforesaid, shall be borne or paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the Riding or Division wherein the Cause of Dispute shall arise, not interested in the Matter in Question (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame), shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees by the Ways and Means herein-after mentioned or provided for the Recovery of Penalties or Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall by reason of Absence have been prevented from treating about such Recompence or Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money, Recompence, and Satisfaction which shall be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Monies which shall arise and be produced by virtue of this Act to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled thereto or to their Agents; and upon Payment thereof, or in case of Refusal to accept the fame, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Road, for the Use of such Parties or Persons, and after Ten Days Notice thereof to such Parties or their Agents, all Owners and Occupiers of and Persons interested in such Lands or Grounds shall thenceforth be diverted of all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Property, of, in, to, or out of the fame, and such Lands or Grounds shall be laid into and made Part of the said Road by this Act authorized to be made or repaired, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, and shall be by them or by such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, sufficiently drained, ditched, fenced, and set out for that Purpose, and shall thenceforth, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and for ever afterwards be a common Highway, and shall be deemed Part of the Road to be repaired by virtue of this Act, and shall be repaired accordingly; but this Act shall not extend to the taking down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take away or damage any Ground having been used as a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Walk or Avenue to a House or Plantation or Nursery of Trees, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners of every such Dwelling House, or other Building, Garden, Orchard, Yard, Walk, Avenue, Plantation or Nursery of Trees respect

How the Purchase Money is to be applied.

7 6

For restrain-irg the Trustees from deviating beyond a certain DiUsnce of the Line described in the Han, &c.

Tiuftef s n ny make Ko d throi g". Grout ds although the Names are not in the Jook oi Reference.

Surveyor

may *.et Ma-rena s f* r the Road*

49° GEORGII III. Cap.s-

lively, his, her, or their Agent or Agents, under their reflective Hands for that Purpose fil'd had and obtained.

XXVII. And whereas a Map or Plan, describing the Line of the said Road, and the Lands through which the fame is to be carried, together with a Book of Reference, containing a Lid of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the Wed Riding of the County of York; be it therefore enatted. That the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said Wed Riding, to the End that all Persons may at any seasonable 1 tines have Liberty to inspect and peruse the fame, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and that the said Trustees, in making the said Road, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards, of Three Feet each, from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to make the said Road into, through, across, or over the several Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons ■who is or are or may be Owner or Owners of Land over which the fame is set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for tlfe said West Riding, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Sur-. veyor of the said Road, and such other Person or Persons as shall be employed by such Surveyor, to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away any, Furze, Heath, Stones, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials, for making, forming, and repairing the fame Road and the Toll Houses and Bridges in or upon the fame, out of and from any Waste Grounds, Commons, common Quarries, Rivers, or Brooks in any Parish or Township within or near where to the dime Road pafles or shall pass, without paying any. Thing for the fame, such Surveyor or other Person or Persons filling up the Pits and levelling the Ground from whence such Materials shall be taken, or diffidently fencing off such Fits, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and in case such Materials cannot conveniently be had in such Waste Grounds, Commons, common Quarries, Rivers or Brooks as aforesaid, then to cut, dig, gather, take and carry away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, upon, out of or from and over any other Lands, Grounds, and Quarries (except as herein-after is mentioned), making such Compensation and Satisfaction for the Damage done to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, Grounds, and QU£uries-where, through and from whence the fame shall be digged, gathered, taken, and carried away, or over which any Materials gotten in any Wills.

10 Grounds,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 5. 77

Grounds, Commons, common Quarries, Rivers or Brooks shall be conveyed, as the said Trustees shall judge reasonable.

XXX. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it Materials not shall not be lawful lor any Person or Persons, under the Authority of this fmnTin*io?-d Act, to dig, gather, take or carry away any such Materials as aforesaid, Grom.di

in or from any inclosed or private Lands, Grounds, or Quarries, until after Ten Days previous Notice in Writing signed by the said Surveyor or Two tustices. some other Officer of the said Trustees shall have been given to the respective Owners or Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at the usual Place of Residence of such Owners or Occupiers respectively, requiring them to appear before Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the West Riding of the County of York, at a certain Time and Place to be specified in such Notice, to shew Cause why such Materials should not be taken away, and such Justices, after hearing the Parties concerned, shall, if they, think proper, authorise such Surveyor or other Officer to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times and in such Manner as to such Justices shall seem proper, or if such respective Owners or Occupiers shall not by themselves or their respective Agents attend pursuant to such Notice, such Justices may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, in the same Manner as if such respective Owners or Occupiers had attended pursuant to such Notice.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall P^iatty on take or carry away any Materials which shall have been digged or gathered MattfiiU j|ot for the Purpose of making or amending the said Road, or shall get or by the sur-take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been Vc>or> made for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Road, before the said Surveyor or his Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Thirty Days (except the Owners or Occupiers of any private Lands or Grounds, and the Person or Persons authorized by such Owners or Occupiers, who may get Materials therein for their own Use only and not for the Use of any other Highway or for Sale), every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices' before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Dung, Ashes, Comport, Forprevent-Manure or other Thing, shall be unladen and laid down upon any Common or Waste Ground nearer to the Side of the said Road than the Sides of me Distance of Thirty Feet, upon pain that every Person so offending, and R3ad' being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall ride upon Penalty on

any Footway adjoining the said Road, or shall lead or drive any Horse, or

Cattle or Swine, or any Carriage on such Footway, or shall cause caufnu> Nui-any Damage to be done thereto, or shall put or turn any Horse, Afs., f("nJ^'0cn 0!,‘ Swine, or other Bead or Cattle of any Kind into or upon the said Road the Ro.kl'’ or the Sides thereof, or if any Person shall leave any Coach, Chaise,

Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage in or upon the said Road or the

Sides thereof, for any longer Time than shall be necessary for the Loading or Unloading thereof, or for taking up and fetring down Passengers, or [Lee. & Per.'] U flwH

78

Surveyor way i cmciYi Annoyances,

Surveyor empowered to remove fud» d«-n Ooftruc-tions without Notice-

Surveyor may make Ciuieways and Drams.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

shall leave the fame either with or without any Ilorfe or Beast: of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto (except in case of Accidents), every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay, for the First Offence, a Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings, and for the Second and any subsequent Offence, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor, or such Person or Persons as he shall appoint, from Time to Time to remove and-prevent all Nuisances and Annoyances on any Part or Parts of the said Road, by Timber, Stone, Carriages, Sawpits or other Pits, Ashes, Dung, Filth, Rubbish, or otherwise, and also to divert or turn any Watercourses, Gutters, Conduits or Drains running into the fame, to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour and cleanse, deepen and enlarge any Gutter, Ditch, Conduit or Watercourse adjoining or near any Part of the said Road, and also at proper Seasons of the Year to cut down, top or lop any Trees, Branches or Bullies growing in the fame Road, or in the Hedges, Fences, Banks or Grounds adjoining thereto, and to take and carry away the fame, in case the respective Owners or Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds where such Annoyances shall happen to be shall neglect so to do for Ten Days after Notice in Writing given for that Purpose under the Hands of such Surveyor, and the Charges thereof respectively (being settled by the said Trullees) shall be reimbursed from Time to Time by such respective Owners or Occupiers so neglecting as aforesaid; and in case such Charges shall not be paid on Demand, the same shall be levied and recovered in the same Manner as the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines by this Act authorized to be imposed are hereinafter directed to be levied and recovered; and if, after the Removal of any such Nuisances and Annoyances as aforesaid, any Person shall offend again in like Manner, every Person so offending again, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor, and such Person or Persons as he shall appoint, from Time to Time, without giving any previous Notice, to move all such Earth, Trees, Roots of Trees, and other Things as shall suddenly fall or be blown down from any Hedge, Bank, or Land into or upon any Part of the said Road by this Act authorized to be made or repaired, so as to narrow or obstruct the Passage along the fame, and to carry and place the fame on any Waste Ground near thereto, so as to be no Annoyance to Travellers, and such Surveyor or Surveyors shall forthwith give Notice thereof to the Owners or Occupiers of the Lands from whence such Earth, Trees, Roots or other Things, shall so Aide or fall, or be blown down as aforesaid, and the Charges of carrying away the fame (to be settled by the said Trustees) shall be reimbursed and paid to such Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences against this Act are hereby directed to be recovered

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor, and any other Person and Persons, by order of the said Trustees, to cut and make Ditches, Drains, and Watercourses, in, upon, and on the Sides of the said Road, and also through any Grounds lying contiguous thereto, and to erect, rebuild, and keep in Repair Bridges and Arches

upon

79

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

upon the fame Road, and across any such Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse as aforesaid, and to make sufficient Barriers and other Erections on any Part or Parts of the fame Road, in order to prevent the fame from being flooded or overflowed with Water, as the said Surveyor shall judge necessary, and also to make or cause to be made any temporary Road or Roads through, over, and along the Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of (he fame Road (except as herein-before mentioned), to be made use of as a Road whilst the Road by this Act authorized to be made or repaired shall be repairing, and until the same shall be made safe and convenient for Travellers, making such Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds to be used, cut through, or built upon, for the Damages which such Owners or Occupiers respectively shall sustain thereby; and in case any Difference shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers and such Trustees, touching such Damage, then and in such Case the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the West Riding of the said County of York next after the Expiration of Twenty Days from the Time of doing such Damage, shall and are hereby authorized and required to hear, settle, and determine the fame, and their Determination therein shall be final and conclusive.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in this Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the fame or the like TJfes, Trulls, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities j and in the mean Time, and until the said

Application of Compen-fjtion whtn amounting to toot.

8q

Application when the Corr.p nfi-t»«>n is less th_n 2001.

Application when less than 201.

I t case of not making

out Title*; or it P.rfons cannot be found. Porch ife Money to be paid into the Bad

subj if to the Order of the Court tf Chancery ca

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities ilial! from Time to lime be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the 'lime being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid foi any Lands, 1 cnements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall te less than the Sum of Iwo hundred Pounds and shall amount to or exceed the Sum ot Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at die Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Bents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant Genet al of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or othciwife the fame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trullees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for execudng this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money, so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Trullees, or any F'ive or more of them, shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Die and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be lb ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said TruAees, or any Five or more of them, or shall refuse to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so

awarded

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 5. 81

awarded to be paid into the Dank of England in the Name and with ttie j,0Jj|*

Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to be Cnurt of placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said c *nctry m Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [iLfcribing them], subject to the ret';.io.," Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court, on the Application of' any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a futnmary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invelled in the Publick Funds, or to order Diffribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the vespective Dilate or Estates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bar k of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any persons in Question shall arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to b® paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the ^e‘ein?(t wer> Accountant General of the Court of Chancery in pursuance of this Act, entitle.!, im-for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any [er^lbeurl< Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shewn, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities, to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities, to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Dilate or Interest therein.

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason The Cjurt of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation, reenable entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased Expencucf under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall ^paid bV° be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Pur- the iruit«. chafe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful foi the said Court to order the Dxpences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Dxpences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

[Dec. fs5 Per.} X

$2

New Rfa<!< to be f, need by the Tcut-tta

Larnlt charge-rnle to tilt: Rrpa rs tif Rc-adi a> <! Bridges to Continue fc.

Ferfors th ratable to Statute Work to continue To.

Justicts to i t ermine riirt'ereucei touching Statute VVotk.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

XI.III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall malce or cause to be made proper Walls or Quickset Fences where necessary, as the Case shall require, lb as effectually to guard and fence oil the Lands adjoining to the said Road, and also proper Gates, Bridges, and Arches where necessary, out of the fame Road into the Lands adjoining, and shall keep the Quickset Fences so to be made in good Order and Repair, for the Term of Six Years from the Time that such Quickset Fences shall have been made or planted.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any particular Part or Parts of the said Road, or any Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, or Watercourses, lying in and upon the fame Road, have been accustomed, or ought to be repaired and maintained by any particular Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, by reason of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or by the West Riding of the said County of York, or any Ward, Parish, or Township therein or otherwise howsoever, all and every such Part and Parts of the said Road, and all such Bridges, Arches, Drains, Sewers, and Watercourses shall, from Time to Time be maintained and kept in Repair by such Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, County, Ward, Parishes, or Towr.ships respectively, and in such Manner as the fame ought to have been respectively maintained and kept in Repair, in case this Act had not been made.

XLV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law are liable to do Statute Work on any Part of the Roads within the Parishes, Townships, or Places through which the said Road, or any Part thereof passes, shall be liable to do the fame on the said Road; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding of the County of York, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten- Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within Inch Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to tho Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be (o paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways; and out of such Lilts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who Cull appear to he subject and liable

«3

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

to Statute Work as aforesaid to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the fame (halt be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Haytime cr Harvest), and on such Parts of the said Road, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or relufe to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpufc by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Bealls, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person fending such Labourer, Team or Draught, shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Parts of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor or Surveyors so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Person?, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be.by them done on the said Road, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Road shall lie and be situate, or with the Surveyor of the Highways for such Parishes pr Places, duly authorized for that Purpose at a publick Vestry, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road) which Composition Money shall always be paid by tfee Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways. or other Officer of the

Parish,

Tiufteea may

compound for Statute Work.

84-

Trustees may control for Repair!.

M’le Stone* amt Direfiio'l Pelts to be creeled.

Penalty on hauling Timber or Stones on me- Ko«d.

power for Owners or Occupiers of certain Linds tO make drains acids the RoaiU

4.9* GEORGII III. Cafi. S’

Parish, or determined by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the 1 reasurer ot* Treasurers to the said Trustees, in advance, on or before the 1 enth Day of May in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose appoint, are hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, raising, widening, and repairing the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, or any Arches or Bridges upon the fame, and for doing any other Work by this Act authorized to be done, in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees shall think proper, and also to contract with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Payment of any annual Sum or Sums in gross, as a Compensation for any Loss, Injury, or Damage, which he, flie, or they shall or may sustain by carrying this Act into Execution; and all Contracts in Writing for any of the Purposes aforesaid, which shall be entered into pursuant to an Order made at any Meeting by the said Trustees, shall be binding to all Parties who shall sign the fame, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators; and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Colls recovered against the Parties failing in the Execution thereof.

1; :;ft r rft i _ f i

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall cause the said Road to be measured, and Mile Stones and Polls to be set up, and from Time to Time renewed on the Sides thereof respectively, with Inscriptions thereon, denoting the Number of Miles and Dillance of Places, and also proper Direction Polls where any other Roads lead out of or into the fame Road; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, pull down, destroy or damage any of the Stones or Polls which shall be lb fixed or set up, or eraze, obliterate, or deface any of the Inscriptions or Letters which shall be engraven or made thereon, or any Part thereof, or cause or procure the same to be done, every Person so offending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, at the Discretion of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

XLTX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn upon any Part of the said Road, excepting only on crofting the fame, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otfierwile than upon wheeled Carriages, or shall fuller any Part of any Tree or Piece of limber, which shall be conveyed upon wheeled Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the fame Road to the Prejudice thereof, every Person so oilending, and being lawfully convicted thereof, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

L. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall lawful for any Owner or Occupier of Lands adjoining the said Road to cut across the fame Road for the Purpose of making, cleansing, or amending any Drains or Waterconrfes for draining such adjoining Lands, and opening a Passage for the Water across and underneath the said Road, such Drains and Watercourses to be so made and cut, and afterwards at all

Timas

S5

49° GEORG IT III. Cap. 5;

Times repaired, cleansed, and amended in a Aifficient and proper Manner by the Person or Persons who shall make the fame, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at his, her, or their own Expence, provided that such Drains and Watercourses shall always (at the-Expence of the Person or Persons so making such Drains or Watercourses, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators) be made and cut and covered in, and the Road over the fame restored to the same State and Condition as the fame was in immediately before the making of such Drains or Watercourses, within as short a.Time as possible, and that One Half of the Breadth of the Road shall only be so cut through at once, and that the same shall be covered in and put into complete Repair before the other Half of the Breadth of the Road shall be cut through.

LT. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who have subscribed or Power to shall hereafter subscribe to pay any Money towards making and repairing the said Road shall, and he, Ihe, and they is and are hereby required to fc.ipiions. pay his, her, and their Subscription Money to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, at such Time or Times as shall be appointed by the said Trustees j. and if any such Subscriber shall neglect or refuse to pay such Money as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to sue for, and recover the fame by Action at Law in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

LII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and How penal. Fines by this Act imposed or authorized to be imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering of which is not herein otherwise particularly tobei-eci-directed), shall, upon Proof of the Offences and Conviction of the Of- jer*|*jn<* fenders respectively before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace '1 p *' for the County, Riding, or Dinlion wherein such Offences shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties so offending, by virtue of a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required to grant, and to administer such Oath gratis); and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, Fines, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are deducted, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and all such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines (if not otherwise directed by this Act), shall be paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, and applied for the Purpose of this Act, and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines shall not be forthwith paid, such Justice or Justices is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to' cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for , such County, Riding, or Division, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That for the more speedy Conviction Direc'trnj of all Offenders against this Act, all and every the Justice and Justices of the Form of [Loc.tfPer. J T-Z the.Conv,aio*

86

/pp'al to the Quarter S-tlions.

Proceedings tu t:c entered in a ii.jok.

Trull *' may fa* and be 1 "eil in the N» ne of th ir Clerk «i rreafuier.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 5,

the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be cy©vided of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause die Conviction to be drawn up in the Form, or to the Effect following:

* ") BE it remembered, That on the Day of

1 To wit. J in the Year of our Lord and in the-

‘ Year of the Reign of His Majesty is convicted

« before me [or, us] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for by virtue of an Ath of Parliament made

* and passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here fetforth the Title of this Act, andfpecify

* the Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the fame was com-

* milled.] Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals]

* the Day and Year first above written.’

LIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons fnalj think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, for which no particular Relief hath been herein-before provided (save and except the Verdict of the Jury, and any Determination, Proceeding, Matter, or Thing herein-before directed to be final), such Person or Persons may, within Six Calendar Months after the Cause of Complaint shall arise, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at their General Quarter Sessions to be holden for the West Riding of the County of York, such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing of his, her, or their Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Cause or Matter thereof to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said West Riding, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order of the Justices at such Quarter Sessions, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded against him, her, or them by such Justices, and the Justices at their said Sessions, on due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall proceed in, hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way, and award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as they shall think proper, and their Determination therein shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes.

LV. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees, in the Execution of this A St, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the fame Number of Trustees as are empowered to make or direfft the fame, and shall then be deemed original Orders and Proceedings; which Book or Books, and also the Book directed to be kept for registering Mortgages and Transfers shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts and before all Justices and other Persons having Jurisdiction in the Premises.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing which shall be done against or by virtue of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced determined by the Direction of or against the said Trustees in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer by virtue

§7

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 5.

virtue of this Act shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Trustees, but that the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the Trustees shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action; and every such Clerk or 1 reasurer in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act all such Cods, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Adieu or Proceeding, he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with, by reason of his being made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Notice, Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings 1 elating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties fs distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

I,

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, Judgement, or other Proceedings made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders again!! this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for Want of Form, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any cf His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

I.IX. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced again!! any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, by or on Behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, fire, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given, in and by such. Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

Distress not to be unlawful-' for Want oc Form,

Proceedings, nor to be quashed for Want of Fo nu.

Notice of Action to be given j Plaintiff not to recover after Tender of Amerds 5 and if no Tender, Money tntty be paid into (Joint.

LX. Anti

88

Limitation t! Actions.

tubiick Act.

Commencement and Continuance ofr the Act.

49* G E ORGII III. Gap. 5.

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be cem-menced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act until Twenty-one Days Notice thereof shall have been given to the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Road, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after the Expiration of Six Calendar Months from the Time of the Fast beitjg committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought in the County of Tvk, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants, in every such Action, shall or may at his, her, or their Election plead specially or the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suit shall have been brought before Twenty-one Days Notice thereof was given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Expiration of the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought in any other County, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action cr Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared; or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath in other Cafes by Law.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others without being specially pleaded.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place on the Second Thursday next after the passing thereof, and shall be in force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

CONDON: Printed by GEORGE Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

|h|HMi*W#1( HS5M 4!

Cap. 6.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Ashbourne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Tij.W/Bridge, and from Hatton Moor to Tutbury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford; and for making Two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith.

[13th March 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and 6 G. 3. c. 79. widening the Road from Ashbourne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from the Turnpike Road upon Hatton Moor to Tutbury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an. 27G. 3. C. 87. Act made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Ashbourne to Sudbury, and from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and from the Turnpike Road upon Hatton Moor to 'tutbury, in the Counties of Derby and Stafford:

And whereas great Progress hath been made in the execution of the said recited Acts; for which Purpose considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed and still remain due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts; which Money cannot be repaid, and the said Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Acts is [Lee. fit5 Per. J A a further

04

Acts further continued.

NewTiuftee*

appointed for the Sudbury District,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

further continued, the Tolls increased, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, enlarged, and rendered more effectual: And whereas the Road branching out of the said Turnpike Road from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, at or near the Village of Draycatt, in the Parish of Hanbury, and leading from thence to Stubby Lane and Foulford, and to or near the Village of Marcbington, and from thence to the Town of Uttoxeter, and also a certain other Road branching out of the said Turnpike Road from Sudbury to Ywall Bridge, upon or near that Part of the late Forest or Chase of Necdwood which is called Hadley Plain, at the Junction of the Roads from Uttoxeter, Nctvborough, anil Hanbury, with the said Turnpike Road from Sudbury to Yoxall Bridge, and leading from thence to the Junction of the Roads from Tutbury, Burton-upon-Trent, Barton-under-Needwood, and Abbots Bromley, otherwise Pageis Bromley (all in the said County of Stafford) upon that Part of the said Forest or Chase which is called Cal-lingwood Plain, are in many Places ruinous, circuitous, narrow, and incommodious, and the making, repairing, amending, and diverting, where necessary, of the said Two Branches of Road, will be of great public Utility, and of peculiar Advantage to the Proprietors of Lands, Parcel of the said Forest or Chase, and to the Inhabitants of the adjacent Country, by affording a nearer and more convenient Communication with the Towns of Uttoxeter and Burton-upon- Trent, and divers other Towns and Places, and an easter Conveyance of Lime and and other Manure for the Cultivation and Improvement of their Lands, and for the Disposal of the Produce thereof at the neighbouring Markets: But as the fame cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enatted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things therein contained (except such Parts thereof as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties, and also such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and continue in full Force and Effect, and together with this present Act, shall be put in execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, in all Respects and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Acts, and the Clauses, Powers, and Provisions therein respectively contained, were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, and as if the said new Branches of Road had been Part of the Roads included in the said Acts, but subject nevertheless to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained, and which shall commence and take effect upon the passing of this Act; and that this Act and the Term and Powers hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable in Manner herein-after directed or declared, to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the said recited Acts and of this Act. or any of them, and of all Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the surviving or remaining Trustees acting under or by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, together with Charles Bowyer Adderley, William Akers, Joseph Akers, Georgs Alsop, Samuel Alfopp, John Allcock, ibe Reverend Frederick Anson, John Antrobus, Edmund Antrobus, the Honourable

95

49° G E 6 R G11 til. Cap. 6.

nourable Charles Bagot, the Honourable and Reverend Richard Bagot, Thomas Bainbrigge, Joseph Bainbrigge, John Bainbrigge, the Reverend Hugh Bai/ye, Richard Bateman, IT illiam Bate, Michael Bass, John Beres-ford, the Reverend Hugh Bennett, James Bell, Samuel Stanford Bell, Thomas Birch, fames Blair, Thomas Bladon the younger, Joseph Bladon, Wtl-Ham Blurton, John Blurton, William Blurton the younger, Robert Blurton, Samuel Botham, William Bond, Charles Butt, John Breynton, Charles Broad-hurst, John Broadhurst, John Brown, John Braband, Francis Bradshaw, John Brittlebank, the Bailiff of Burtcn-upon-Trent for the Time being, Thomas Buckston, the Honourable Henry Cavendfh, David Capewell, the Reverend Charles Benjamin Charlewood, Robert Charlfumtb, Richard Chamberlain, George Chawner, Robert Cheney, Cheney the

younger, Thomas Clewlcy, Hugh Mallabnr Clewley, Michael Clewley, Joseph Clay, Edward Cope, Charles Gretlon Cope, John Cox, Thomas Cox, George Cooper, John Cooper, Robert Daville, Robert Dale, Luke Deaville, Sir Henry Every Baronet, Thomas Earp, the Reverend William Edwards, William Edwards the younger, Joseph Eld, Robert Eihcrington, John Evans, Sir Anthony Fitzherbert Baronet, John Fcrney, John Dickenson Fowler, Joseph Fox, John Fox, Francis French the younger, John Maffey Frofl, William Garle, the Reverend Thomas Cell, James Gerrard, John Gisborne, Thomas Gisborne the younger, William Gill, Thomas Godrich, John Goodwin, Robert Dockfey Goodwin, the Reverend Robert Greville, Robert Charles Greaves, Francis Greafey, Thomas Kirkpatrick Halt, John Hall, Robert John Harper, Thomas Hart, Thomas Hart the younger, Robert Harvey, Thomas Harvey, Enoch Hand, Richard Hardy, William Harrison, John Harris, Thomas Hinckley, Arthur Hinckley, Thomas Hinckley the younger, Thomas Lee Higgott, John Hill, Abraham Hoskins, Robert Hogg, the Reverend Shallcroffe Jacfon, Godfrey Johnson, James Joh'nfon, Clement Kynnerfley, John Lane, Thomas Lack, Joseph Lathbury, Richard Lathbury, Samuel Lawley, Theophilus Levctt, Thom'as Littlewood, Sir Oswald Mofley Baronet, Ashton Nicholas Mofley, William Molyneux Marflon, John Marflon, Thomas Mal/abar, Edward Mal/abar, Hugo Charles Meyncll, Richard Meek, William Towers Minors, Richard Minors, Peter Minors, Samuel Minors, John Mills, William Mott, John Mott, Thomas Morley, John Morley, Richard Morley, Thomas Monfey, John Moxon, Francis Mundy, Charles Mundy, William Osborne, John Owen, Charles Perks, John Peel, John Philips, Samuel Philips, Robert Philips, John Burton Philips, Thomas Phillips, Edward Phillips, Thomas Pickering, George Clarke Pickering, Humphry Pipe, Walter Plimley, Sacheverell Pole, William Porter, Joseph Pycroft, William Rawlins, Anthony Rhudde, Edward Riley, William Riley, Henry Richardson, Samuel Richardson, Charles Barnes Robinson, Thomas Robot ham, Thomas Rogers, the Honourable Edward Sedley, George Sedley, Edward Saunders, Thomas Salt, Thomas Sheppard, Thomas Cotton Sheppard, John Sher-ratt, Stephen Simpson, John Smyth, John Smyth M. B. Charles Smyth, William Smith of Horr.inglow Street, Edward Sneyd, Thomas Sneyd, Francis Spencer, John Spencer, John Spender the younger, Robert Stone, James Stanley, William Summerland, the Honourable John Talbot, John Thorni-well, Michael Tumor, George Granville Venables lrernon, John Villiers, Charles Upton, William Warner, John Webb, Trevor JVheler, Mark Anthony Whyte, Thomas White, Benjamin Willson, William Wt/lcock, Stephen Willcock, Stephen Willcock the younger, Robert Wood, John Wood, William Woodrojfe of Marchington, William Woodrojfe of the Forest Side, Joseph Woodrojfe, Thomas Woolrich, William Worthington, George Wragg, and Harry Tates,

96

for the Ut-

toxcttr District

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

and their Successors to be elected and qualified in Manner directed by the said first-recited Act, shall be and they are hereby appointed Irustees for putting the said recited Acts and this Act into execution, so far as concerns the said several Roads mentioned in the said recited Acts, and thereby directed to be amended and repaired, and which said Roads shall be called The Sudbury DiJlrUd of Roads: And that the said surviving or remaining Trustees acting under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or either of them, together with Charles Bowyer Adderley, William Akers, Joseph Akers, George A fop, Samuel Allfopp, John Allcock,.the Reverend hrederick Anson, John Antrobus, Edmund Antrobus, the Honourable Charles Bagot, the Honourable and Reverend Richard Bagot, Thomas Bainbrigge, Joseph Bainbrigge, John Bainbrigge, the Reverend Hugh Bailye, Richard Bateman, William Bate, Michael Bass, John Beresford, the Reverend Hugh Bennett, James Bell, Samuel Stanford Bell, Thomas Birch, James Blair, Thomas Bladon the younger, Joseph Bladon, William Blurton, John Blur-ton, William Blurton the younger, Robert Blurton, Samuel Botham, William Bond, Charles Bolt, John Breynton, Charles Brtadhurst, John Broadhurst, John Brown, John Braband, Francis Bradshaw, John Brittlebank, the Bailiff of Burton-upon Trent, for the Time being, Thomas Buckston, the Honourable Henry Cavendish, David Capewell, the Reverend Charles Benjamin Charlewood, Robert Charlcsworth, Richard Chamberlain, George Chawner, Robert Cheney, Cheney the younger, Thomas Clewley, Hugh

Mallabar Clcvsley, Michael Clewley, JosephCIay, Edward Cope, Charles Gret-lon Cope, John Cox, Thomas Cox, George Cooper, John Cooper, Robert Dawdle, Robert Dale, Luke Dcaville, Sir Henry Every Baronet, Thomas Earp, the Reverend William Edwards, William Edwards the younger, Joseph Eld, Robert Etherington, John Evans, Sir Anthony Fiizherbert Baronet, John Eerney, John Dickcnfon Fowler, Joseph Fox, John Fox, Francis French the younger, John Maffsy Frof, William Carle, the Reverend Thomas Gell, James Gerrard, John Gisborne, Thomas Gisborne the younger, William Gill, Thomas Godrich, John Goodwin, Robert Dockfey Goodwin, the Reverend Robert Greville, Robert Charles Greaves, Francis Greajley, Thomas Kirkpatrick Hall, John Hall, Robert John Harper, Thomas Hart, Thomas Hart the younger, Robert Harvey, Thomas Harvey, Enoch Hand, Richard Hardy, William Harrison, John Harris, Thomas Hinckley, Arthur Hinckley, Thomas Hinckley the younger, Thomas Lee Higgott, Johnhill, Abraham Hojkins, Robert Hogg, the Reverend Shallcrojfe Jackson, Godfrey Johnson, James Johnson, Clement Kynnersley, John Lane, Thomas Lack, Joseph Lathbury, Richard Lathbury, Samuel Lawley, Theophi-lus Levett, Thomas Litllewood, Sir Oswald Mofley Baronet, Ashton Nicholas Mofley, William Molyneux Marston, John Marston, Thomas Malta-bar, Edward Mallabar, Hugo Charles Meynell, Richard Meek, William Towers Minors, Richard Minors, Peter Minors, Samuel Minors, John Mills, William Mott, John Mott, Thomas Morley, John Morley, Richard Morley, Thomas Moufley, John Moxon, Francis Mundy, Charles Mundy, William Osborne, John Owen, Charles Perks, John Peel, John Philips, Samuel Philips, Robert Philips, John Burton Philips, Thomas Phillips, Edward Phillips, Thomas Pickering, George Clarke Pickering, Humphry Pipe, Walter Plimley, Sacheverell Pole, William Porter, Joseph Pycroft, William Rawlins, Anthony Rhudde, Edward Riley, William Riley, Henry Richardson, Samuel Richardson, Charles Barnes Robinson, Thomas Robotham, Thomas Rogers, the Honourable Edward Sedley, George Sedley, Edward Saunders, Thomas Salt, Thomas Sheppard, Thomas Cotton Sheppard, John

Sherralt,

9

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

Slserratt, Stephen Simpfsn, John Smyth, John Smyth M. B. Gfarles Smyth, William Smith of Horninglow Street, Edward Sneyd, Thomas Sneyd,

Francis Spencer, John Spencer, John Spender the younger, Robert Stone, James Stanley, William Summerland, the Honourable John Talbot, John Thorni-well, Michael Tumor, George Granville Venables Vernon, John Villiers,

Charles Upton, William Warner, John Webb, Trevor Wheler, Mark Anthony IVhyte, Thomas White, Benjamin Willson, William Wilfcock, Stephen Willcock, Stephen Willcock the younger, Robert Wood, John Wood, William Woodroffe, of Marchington, William Woodroffe of the Forest Side, Joseph Woodroffe, Thomas Woolrich, William Worthington, George Wragg, and Harry Tates, and their Successors to be defied and qualified in Manner directed by the said full-recited Act, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting the said Acts and this Act into Execution, so far as relates to the several Roads branching out of the before-mentioned Turnpike Road, and herein-before particularly described, and hereby directed to be made and repaired, and which new Branches of Road shall be called The Uttoxelcr District of Roads; and the said Trustees respectively herein nominated, and their Successors, are hereby empowered to ad within their respective Diflrids in the Execution of the said recited Acts and of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed Trustees in and by the said recited Acts or either of them.

III. 'And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Power to for the said Trustees for putting the said recited Acts and this Act into ’"akjn<:w execution, with respect to the said new Branches of Road, or any Five or oa 8‘ more of them, or for such Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall employ for that Purpose, and they are hereby fully ru horized and empowered to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons in or through which the said new Branches of Road are intended to pass, to set out, form, make and complete the same, from the Road branching out of the said Turnpike Road from Sudbury to Toxall Bridge, at or near the Village ef Draycott, in the Parish of Hanbury aforesaid, and leading from thence to Stubby Lane and Foulford, and to or near the Village of Marchington, and from thence to the Town of Uttoxelcr, in the said County of Stafford, and also from the Roads branching out of the said Turnpike Road from Sudbury to Toxall Bridge, upon or near that Part of the late Forest or Chase of Necdwood which is called Hadley Plain, at the Junction of the Road from Uttoxeter, Newborough, and Hanbury, with the said Turnpike Road from Sudbury to Toxall Bridge, and leading from thence to the Junction of the Roads from Tutbury, Burton-upon-Trent, Barton-under-Needwood, and Abbots Bromley otherwise Pagcts Bromley (all in the said County of Stafford) upon that Part of the said Forest or Chase which is called Callingwood Plain, and to cut and make such Drains, Gutters, and Tunnels, for draining the Lands adjoining or near such Roads, as shall be by them thought necessary or proper for draining the Water from such Roads, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Adoing as little Damage as may be in the execution of the Powers to them hereby granted, and making reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners or Proprietors of and all Persons interested in the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for all Damages which shall be sustained by executing the Powers and Authorities hereby given; and in case any Difference concerning the same shall arise between the said Trustees and such Owners or [Loc. & Per.] Bb Proprietors,

98

+9* GEOS Gil lit.

Proprietors, and Persons interested as aforesaid, that then the fame /halt be ascertained and settled by a Jury, in such Manner as is directed by the said first-recited Act with respect to the Valuation of Lands intended to be made Part of the said Roads therein comprized: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to take, use, injure or damage, for the Purposes of the said Roads, or any of the Purposes aforesaid, any House or other Building, or any Land or Ground set apart or used as a Garden, Orchard, Park, or planted Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof, which said new Branches of Road shall be of the Width of Forty Feet.

IV. And whereas a Map or Plan, describing the Line of the said Roads from Draycott to Utioxeter, and from Hadley Plain to Calling-wood Plain, and the Lands through which the same are to be carried, together with a Book of Reference, containing a Lilt of the Names of the Owners or Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Stafford be it therefore enacted, That the said Map or Plan and Book of JReference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, to the End that all Persons may at any seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the fame, and to take Copies and F.xtrafts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every Hundred Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Map or Plan and Book of Reference; and that the said Trustees hereby appointed for the making of the last-mentioned Roads, in making such last-mentioned Roads, or either of them, shall not deviate more than One Hundred Yards of Three Feet each from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Bodies Corporate, Politic or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the last-mentioned Trustees to make the said Roads, into, through, across, or over the several Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners of the Lands over which the same are set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

First Meeting' And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees hereby appointed of the Ttuf- for putting the said recited Acts into execution, with regard to the said tees. Turnpike Roads directed to be made and repaired in and by the said re-

cited Acts or any Five or more of them, shall meet at the House of Thomas Hollis, the Vernon Arms Inn, in Sudbury, in the said County of Derby, as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and the said Trustees hereby appointed for putting this Act into Execution, with respect to the said new Branches of Road hereby directed

Trustees may make che Roads through Grounds, although the Owners Names are not in the ' Rook of Reference, Si c.

For restraining Trustees from deviating beyond a certain Distance of the Line deferib-td in the Plan.

99

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

directed to be made and repaired, or any Five or more of them, shall meet at the House of the said Thomas Hollis, the Vernon Arms Inn, in Sudbury aforesaid, as soon after the passing of this Act as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, of which Meetings respectively Notice shall be given in fotr.e Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads respectively, at least Fourteen Days before each such Meeting, by One or more of the said Trustees of or for such Districts respectively, at which respective Meetings the said Trustees respectively shall proceed to the Execution of this Act, and adjourn themselves respectively from Time to Time, and afterwards meet at the said Places, or at any other Place or Places upon or within Six Miles from forne Part of the said Roads reflectively, as the said Trustees respectively attending such Meetings shall think raoft convenient, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this and the said recited Acts into Execution; and that all future Meetings of the said Trustees, respectively, shall and may from Time to Time be had, held, and adjourned by the said Trustees respectively, or by their respective Clerks for the Time being, in Manner in the said first-recited Act mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time be thought necessary for the better Execution of the said recited Act* or this Act, that the Trustees for either of the said Districts respectively should meet before the Time to which any Meeting of such Trustees shall be adjourned, or in case no Adjournment shall have been made, as directed by the said first-recited Act, the Person acting as Clerk to the said Trustees of such Di-strict, upon an Order in Writing signed by any Five or more of the Trustees of or for such District, (although not assembled at a meeting,) mentioning the Time and Place of such Meeting, shall, as soon as may be, give Notice thereof by Advertisement in some Newspaper printed and circulated in the Neighourhood of the said Roads, and in such Notice appoint a Meeting of the Trustees of such District, to be held at such Time and Place as shall be directed by such Order, (such Time not beingjefs than Seven Days after Publication of the said Notice); and all the Acts, Orders, and Proceedings of the said Trustees respectively at such Meetings, shall be as valid and effectual as if such Meetings had been held in pursuance of a regular Adjournment.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order or Determination made by the Trustees of either of the said Districts at any of their Meetings, shall be revoked or altered, unless at some Meeting to be held for that Purpose, of which Notice shall be given by Advertisement in some Newspaper printed and circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads Fourteen Days at least before such Meeting, signifying the Occasion of such Meeting, nor unless a greater Number of Trustees shall attend at such Meeting to revoke and alter the fame than were present when such Order was made, nor then if lei's than Nine Trustees attend.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees of the said Districts respectively may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, either in the Name of the Trustees who may be Parties to any Deed or Instrument in Writing upon which any Action shall or may be brought, or in the Name

Meetings on Emergencies.

No Orders of Trustees to be revoked, &c. but under certain Restrictions.

Trustees, Sec. may sue and be sued, &c. in the Name of ther Clerk, See.

ioo 4.9* GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

of their respective Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; and that no Action to be brought, sued, or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees in their Names, or in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death, Incapacity, or Removal of any Trustee or Trustees, or Clerk or Treasurer, or by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer, without the Consent of the said lruflees or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being to the said Trustees respectively, in case such Action full be brought ' by or against or defended in the Name of such Clerk or Ireasurer, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be, in every such Action or Suit: Provided always, that such Trustees or Clerk or lreafu-rer, in whose Name or Names any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Monies arising by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, all such reasonable Costs, Charges, Damages and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of such Action or Proceeding they or he shall pay, expend, or be put unto, or become chargeable with by reason of their or his being so made Plaintiffs or Defendants, or Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

Tollgates,&c. X. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all the vc(led in Tollgates, Turnpikes and Tollhouses, and other Buildings erected or pro-Mflment'i'* vided, or to be erected or provided, upon or at the fide of or near the may be pre- Roads mentioned in the said recited Acts, and in this Act, and of the Ma-ferred in any terials for building or altering the fame respectively, and all Materials and their other Things which shall be provided, collected or made use of for making, amei- repairing, or improving the said Roads, or for executing the said recited Acts or this Act, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Trustees of the said several Districts of Roads respectively, and they respectively are hereby authorized and empowered in the Name or Names of any one or more of them, to prefer Bills of Indictment against any Person or Persons who shall steal, take away or damage any of such Toll-gates, Turnpikes, Tollhouses, or other Buildings, Materials or other Things as aforesaid, or diilurb the said respective Trustees, or any of them, or any of their C.olleftors or other Officers in the Possession thereof, or of any of them; and that it shall not be necessary in any Bill or Bills of Indictment to be preferred in pursuance of this Act, to alledge or set forth that the Goods, Chattels, or Effects therein mentioned, was, were or are the Goods, Chattel?, or Effects of any other of the Trustees appointed by or by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act other than the Trustee or Trustees who shall prefer such Bill or Bills of Indictment, or shall be therein named as Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels or Effects.

la Dilutes

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, Action, Prosecution or Litigation, shall happen or arise touching or in any ways relating tors, &c.Cto to the to be collected on the several Roads directed to be repaired by be competent the said recited Acts or this Act respectively, or the Recovery of the Tolls Witnesses. hereby granted, or of any Penalty or Forfeiture whatsoever imposed by the said recited Acts or this Act, the Person or Persons authorized, empowered or appointed to collect such Tolls, or any other Person or Persons siting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees respectively, shall be . , and

101

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

and they and each and every of them are and is hereby declared not to be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, Action, Prosecution or Litigation, by reason of their or his being appointed to collect the said Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

XII. And whereas the Tolls authorized by the said recited Acts to be Repealing taken on the Roads therein comprised have been found to be insufficient effectually to maintain and repair the fame, and to pay the Interest on the new one, b Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls; be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the several l olls and Duties granted and made payable under or by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, shall be and the same are hereby repealed; and that instead thereof there shall be demanded and taken by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees respectively shall from Time to Time authorize or appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse, Cattle, Beast or Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Turnpikes, Tollgate or Tollgates, now erected or set up, or hereafter to be erected or set up by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or of this Act, on the said Districts of Roads, or either of them, such Tolls as any Five or more of the said Trustees acting for the said DistriCta respectively shall think proper, not exceeding the several and respective Sums of Money herein-after mentioned; (that is to say)

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Pair of Oxen, or Bullocks, or other Xolls^ Butt, drawing any Carriage whatever with W heels of lei's Breadth than Six Inches on the Sole thereof, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Pair of Oxen or Bullocks, or other Beast drawing any Carriage whatever with Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more on the Sole thereof, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Beast of Burthen, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Three Halfpence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any less Number; And,

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in proportion for any less Number.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and DonMe for the respective Toll Gatherers or Collectors on the said Roads mentioned 0u Sundays, in the said recited Acts and in this Act, and they are hereby authorized and required, on each and every Sunday (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock on the Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock on the SuiffajNight) throughout the Year, to demand and take for and in respect of every Horse,

-Mare, Gelding, Ox, Bullock, Mule, Afs or other Beast, drawingor not drawing, and for every Drove of Oxen, Cow's, Neat Cattle. Calves, Swine, Sheep or Lambs, Double the Toll or Sum which may be demanded or taken for or in respect of the fame on any other Day by virtue of this Act.

Which said Tolls and Duties hereby granted shall be and the same are here* Tolls vefltd by vested in the Trustees of the said Districts reflectively; and the fame and in Trustet*. every Part thereof shall, after paying the Charges of passing this AC, be subject and liable to the Payment of the Monies borrowed or due, or to be borroyved or become due on the Credit of the Toils arising or to arile upon the Roads directed to be made, altered and repaired by virtue of the said [L«. if Per.] C c recited

102

One Toll only to be paid on a certain Part of the Road.

Exemption from Tolls.

fcsfcrr «rio'T UvoEjiT m

49° GEORGII III. Cap.G.

rtfcfted Acts and this Act in Manner herein after mentioned, and shall collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, aligned, varied and disposed of in such and the fritte Manner, and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with the lifts Remedies for Non-payment or EvaHon thereof, and with such Powers and subject to such Exemptions and Powers of ldlening, raifthg the fame again, and compounding for the fame, as are contained in the said recited Acts, or either of them, with respsft to the To!!k thereby authorized to be taken upon the Roads therein mentioned, but subject nevertheless to this Act-, and the Provisions, Regulations and Reilrktioriis herein contained, and the several Securities granted on the Credit of the said former Tolls shall bd deenkd and con ft rued to extend to and embrace the Tolls hereby granted (fe far as the same shall ause upon the Roads comprized in the said recited A fis) in the like Manner as it the fame had been actually in being at the lime of the Execution of the said Securities, and had bifen actually coniprized therein.

ir . i

XIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person of Peffons having paid Toll at any Gate or Gates to be credited by the hard Trustees of the said Roads from Dray cot t to Uttoxeter, and front Hadley Plait) to Cal dogwood Plainy or their SticcfcfTors, and producing a Ticket or Tickets denoting the Payment thereof, shall be subject or liable to-pay any further Toll or Duty for passing or repairing on the same Day with the lame Horses, Bvafts or other Cattle, and Carriages, through the fame, or any other Gate or Turnpike to be erected upon any Part or Parts of the said Roads from Drayeott to Uttoxeler, and from Hadley Plain to CaUingwood Plain, or upon that Part of the present Turnpike Road from Sudbury to 7 oxa!I Bridge, which isfitu-ate between the Eastern Termination of the said intended Road from Dray, cott to tfttoxeter, and the Wcltern Termination of the said intended Road front liaalcy Plain U> Calling-wood Plain; any Thing in the said recited Acts or in l}ris Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the pairing of this Act, the Exemptions from Tolls granted and continued by the said recited Acts, or efrher of them, shall cease and determine; and that no Toll lhatl be demanded or received for any Horse, Mare, or Gtlding or other Cattle drawing any Carriage going fer or return fog ladeh, or having beeti laden only with Stones, Gravel or other Materials, for the repairing the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Par in tea oh Places in which the lufrfc or any J’art thereof do lie, or any Dung, Mould, Soil or Comnoft of any Kind (Chalk and Lime excepted) for the manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground; nor shall any Toll be taken, demanded or received for any Carriage or Cattle going for the Purpose of or returning from ploughing, sowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land dr Ground, or goir.uW ,or returning unladen, or only laden with Hay, Straw, Com in the"stft.iv,dr Wood not fold, or disposed of, but to be laid up in the Hollies, Oluhouses, Yards, or on the Premises of the Owner or Owners thereof, or for aty,

’Harrow, Dray or other Implcfticht in Husbandry, or for. any WoHe Wr^thdr Bedfl or Cattle diving or carrying the fame, ia.order for Yhe repairiffg therebf or for •tiling the fume in flufbcndry; or for any 'Horse or dfher Eer.ft or Cuttle jjoirtg to or returning from Water or Paf-. orj^nS to'be or f'dthming 'fk m belhfr shoed' or famed; or for any •Horfofr Catrit. tjr CaYf hides of whUtfoever DcfrnpnVn, employedyw to be *Wififoyed in conveying the Mails of Letters and F.xtJrcvfes under the Au-

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 6. *c>3

thority of His Male fry’s Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the fame, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for the Horses of Soliders on their March or on Duty, or Carriages, or Horses, or other Bealls employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of such Soldiers; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Troop or Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Troops or Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Troop or Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemptions; or for any Carriage, Horse, or other Beast employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Pafles; nor shall any of the Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parish in which any Part of the said Roads doth lie, who shall pass through any of the said Turnpikes to go to or from his, her or their respective Parish Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship on Sundays, or on Christmas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or v.ho shall attend the Funeral of any Person dying and to be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from vifttingany sick Person; or upon other his Parochial or Minilterial Duty cn a Sunday, or on a Christmas Day, Good Friday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Horse, Cattle or Bead carrying any Passengers, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash,

Chair, or other Carriage going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Derby, or for the County of Stafford, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or the Day after such Election respectively shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit ef any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, or shall make Use of any Fraud whatsoever, whereby the Payment of the Tolls hereby granted, or any Part thereof, shall be evaded, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fi,ve Pounds, whereof one Moiety shall go to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons v/ho by Law are or shall Respeaing be liable to do Statute Work, nr are or shall be chargeable towards repair- Stat,1£e La-ing and amending the Roads directed to be repaired or altered by the said bour‘' iecited Acts or this Act, or any Pan thereof, shall frill remain liable thereto ifi like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Derby and Stafford respectively, with regard to their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees respectively, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order respectively, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Portion of the Statute Work of the Inhabitants of the respective Panfries and Places in which the said Roads respectively do lie, shall every Year be done by such Inhabitants upon the said Roads respectively, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the

Highways

104

49" GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees respectively, or to their Treasurer or I reasurers, and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place to bring in Lills before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within rlcn Days after the serving such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lilts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repairs of the publick Highways, and out of such Lifts the said fuflices shall or may allot, appoint and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work as aforesaid upon the said Roads within their respective Parishes or Places as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days, at such Times (not being Haytime or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads within their rt pec-tive Parishes, Townships or Places, as the said Trustees respectively, or their Surveyor or Surveyors respectively shall from Time to Time order, diredand appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and d'rest the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees respectively, or their respective Treasurers, at such Time or Times as the said Justices iitall direct, and in Default ol Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts or this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her or them, at his, her or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose. determined by any Surveyor to the said respective Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, learn or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horie or Horses, Bealt or Bealls, to be provided by him, her or them, be subject or liable to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect for Repair of the Public High ways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said respective Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every Inch Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid as if he had neglected or refuted to come, or such learn or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which'Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees respectively, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Sur-•. veyecs

49° GEORGII III. Cap.,6.

veyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in afalfeor imperfect Lift, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Stun not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by him, her or them done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Townships or Places in which the said Roads arc situate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the said respective Trustees shall think reasonable in lieu of the whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to he by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads,; which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officers of the Township, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer to the said respective Trustees, in advance, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Township or Pla.ce shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees of the said. Districts respectively, or any Five or more of them, to cause Footpaths or causeuays to be made on the Side of the said Roads within their respective Dirt rifts, or any Part or Parts thereof; and if any, Person or Persons shall ride upon any such Footpath or causew'ay, or shall drive any Horse, Mule, Afs, Sheep, Cattle, Beast, Pig, or Swine, Cart, or other Carriage, or wheel any Wheelbarrow or Handcart thereon, or shall wilfully cause any Damage whatsoever to be done thereto, or shall lay any Timber,-Hay, Straw, Dung, Compost, Ashes, Ruhbiffi, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever upon the Roads within either of the said Dif-trifts, or any Part thereof, or shall obstruct or impede the Passage upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or shall turn out any Horse, Cow, Sheep, or other Cattle, Mule, Afs or Swine, upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof, or into any Lane or Highway leading to the fame (except where the said Roads, or any Part thereof, passes over any Open Common), or without Authority from the Trustees shall dig or break up the Soil or Ground of any Part of the said Roads, or ferape or carry off any of the Gravel, Materials, Mud or Dirt which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Roads, every such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be recovered, levied, and applied in such Manner as other Penalties and Forfeitures are by the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, directed to be recovered, levied and applied.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Tolls arising from all or any of the Turnpike or ToU Gates, efefted or to be erected on the said respective Districts of Roads, shall at any Time or Times be demised or let to farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and the Lessee or

I.effees, Farmer or Farmers to whom the said Toffs shall be respectively demised or let, shall (negfeft or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let, or in [Lu. Per.] Dd case

10 5,

Trustees n>’y compound lor Statute Work.

Power to make Footpaths; and Penalties on inj.iringthem, or laying Timber, &c. on the Road.

Trustees on. abled in certain Cafes to take Poflef-(ion of Toll-houses, &c.

•n the Handa of their Leflcet, &c.

io6 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees. Farmer or Farmers, or any Part or Instalment thereof, shall be in arrear or unpaid for the Space of Seven Days next after any of the Days on which the fame ought to be paid pursuant to the Lease, Contract or Agreement for letting the fame, or if any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls who shall be discharged from his said Office by the said Trustees, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family or Representatives of any Collector or Receiver, who shall die, abscond, absent himself, or be discharged, or any other Person who shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Tollhouse or Tollhouses, with the Buildings or Appurtenances thereto belonging, for the Space of Seven Days next after Demand thereof made in Writing, signed by any Five of the Trustees for the District wherein such Tollhouse or 'l’ollgate shall be situ-ated, or by their Clerk or Treasurer, and left at such Tolihouse or Tollhouses, then and in any of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for the said Trustees of such District, or any Seven or more of them, or their Clerk or Treasurer, or other Persons authorized by Writing under the Hands of any Seven or more of such Trustees, with such Assistance as shall be thought necessary, to enter into and upon the Pofifeflion of such Tollhouse or Tollhouses and other Buildings and Premises in the Daytime, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her or their Goods out of the fame, and from the Collection of the Tolls there payable, and to put the said respective Trustees, or any of their OfHcers, or any other Person or Persons appointed by such Trustees, or smd Tacatethe any Seven or more of them, in Possession thereof; and on such Lessee or ftf'lctdn"1 Feflees, Farmer or Farmers, or any Person or Persons employed by or in Toll', and Possession under them, being so put out of Possession as aforesaid, it shall

xtlci lame. be lawful for the said Trustees respectively, or any Seven or more of them,

if they shall think fir, to vacate and determine the Contrail for leafing or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall accordingly be utterly void, to all Inients and Purposes, as if such Demise, Contract or Agreement had never been made (save as to the Covenants and Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby referred or made payable); and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees respectively, or any Seven or more of them in every such Case to demise or let to farm the said Tolls again to any other Person or Persons, in the same Manner as if no former Demise, Contract or Agreement had been made or entered into relative to the same.

Application

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums of & thrHn° '(’n Money wl,ich at the Time of ,he pading of this Act, be in the the‘presentCn Hands of the Treasurer of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of the Turnpike said recited Acts, or which shall be due cr owing to such Trustees or their Road*. Treasurer, in respect of the Toils, Duties, or other Matters or Things relating to the said recited Acts, or either of them, and also all and every the Tolls and Duties hereafter to arise or be collected on the Roads mentioned in, and directed to be repaired by the firforecited Ad, shall in the first Place be applied in Payment and discharge of One Moiety of the Expellees ot piocuring and passing of this Act, and the Remainder of such Monies shall from Time to Time be applied in erecting or repairing Toll-gates or luinpii.es and lollhouses, and in making, repairing, widening, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair the said Roads" and Works mentioned in the said first-recited Act, and defraying the necessary Expences attending the Execution of the faiu recited" Acts and this Act, in

regard

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.. 107

regard to such last-,jnentioned Roads, and in paying the IntereH and Principal of any Money borrowed, or to be borrowed by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act for the Purposes lad mentioned, with regard to the said Roads in the said first-recited Act mentioned, and to no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; and that all and every Sum and Sums of Money Application which hath been or shall be subscribed, lent oradvanced by any Person or of the Monies Persons, for the Purpose of making, repairing, widening, altering, improving and keeping in Repair the said Roads from Draycott to Uttoxeter, To]j$ to hr and from Hadley Plain to Calling-wood Plain, and all'o all and every the collated on Tolls and Duties to arise or be collected on the said last-mentioned Ro«us. ,l'<‘ n'^v shall in the first place be applied in Payment and Discharge of the other E ancu3’ fdoiety of the Expences of procuring and passing of this Act, and the Remainder of such Iaft-mentioned Monies shall from Time to Time be employed inerefting and repairing Tollgates or Turnpikes and Tollhouses, and in making, repairing, widening, altering, improving and keeping in Repair the said Roads leading from Draycott to Uttoxeter, and from Hadley Plain to Calling-wood Plain , and the Works appertaining or belonging thereto, and in defraying the necessary Expences attending the Execution of this Act, in regard to the last-mentioned Roads, and in paying the Intered and Prin-cipal of the Monies subscribed or borrowed or to be borrowed by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes last-mentioned, with regard to the said lad-incn-doned Roads, and to no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Audi A&sdoncby have acted or shall act as a Trudee or Trustees in the Execution of the said )’<rrfons rw-t-recited Acts or of this Act, for either of the said Didrifts, without being Titlr ■•i', duly qualified so to do pursuant to the said fird-recited Act, and shall be ,3I qualified) convicted of such Offence, yet nevertheless all such Acts and Proceedings srou.i, if done as shall have been or shall be done and performed by any such Person or b"f»reCoa-Persons, touching the Execution of the said Acts or of this Act, previous vlCl‘on' to his or their Conviction of such Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of the said fird-recited Act: Provided al- , ways. That any Mortgagee or Afsignee of any Mongage or other Security, may ,(|, or any Lender of Money upon the Credit of any of the Tolls granted by Trustees. this Act, or receiving Interest thereout for the fame, shall not on that Account be deemed unqualified to act as a Trustee for either of the said Dif- Trader* in trifts; and that such Trustees as are or shall be in the Commission of the the Commis. Peace for the said Counties of Derby and Stafford respectively, may act as flon of lhe Justices of the Peace, within their respectiveCounties or Jurisdictions in the Justice* Execution of the said recited Acts and of this Act, notwithstanding their seeing Trustees,

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Truf- power to bor. tees of the said Roads from Draycott to Uttoxeter, and from Hadley Plain to Cal- row Money. ling-woodPlain, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest such SumorSumsof Money,not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising upon the said Branches of Road from Draycott to Uttoxeter, and from Hadley Plain to Calling-wood Plain, or any Part or Parts thereof, and by any Writing or Writings under their Hands and Seals, to assign over the said Tolls, and the Tollgates and Tollhouses respectively, with the Appurtenances (the Charge of such Alignments to be paid out of the said l olls) to any Person or Persons for any

« i 108

Conveyance!, &c. to be re» piftcred in a B jok.

49' G E OR GII III. Cap. 6.

any Term daring the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, with lawful Interest, as the said Trustees shall think proper; which said Monies so borrowed shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as the Tolls arising within i'uch District are herein directed to be applied and disposed of; and Copies of such Mortgages shall be entered in a Took or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or 'lreasurer to the said Trustees, and which said Book or Books shall and may at all sea-sonable Times be perused and inspected by the said Trustees or Mortgagees, or any Person or Persons on their Behalf, without Fee or Reward; and every Person to whom any Mortgage shall be made as aforesaid, or’ who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time transfer his, her or their Right, Title, filtered or Benefit in or to the said Mortgage, and the Principal and Intered thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever; but each Transfer shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk or Treasurer within Six Calendar Months after the Date thereof, who shall ca«fe an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in. the before-mentioned Book or Books, containing the Numbers, Dates, Names of the Parties, and the Sums of Money thereby transferred, for which the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence, and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his, her or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons (except the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be lad assignedj to make void, release, or discharge the original Securities, or any Monies thereby due or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer shall be made by virtue of this Act, shall, in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned, be Creditors on the 'Foils by this Act granted, and comprized or intended or declared by this Act to be comprized in such Mortgages respectively, in equal Degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of the Priority of the Time of advancing any Sum or Sums of Money on such Mortgages or Mortgage, or of the Dates thereof respectively.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Conveyances of Lands and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, and Memorials of all the Verdicts of Juries and Judgments of the respective Trustees concerning the Value thereof, which shall be ascertained by any Jury or Juries in the Maimer in the said first-recited Act mentioned, shall be entered in some Book or Books of the said Trustees respectively; and that after the Execution of such Conveyances, and giving such Judgment of the said Trustees respectively, and after Payment or Tender of the Consideration Monies mentioned in such Conveyances, or of the Monies assessed and adjudged to he the Value of any Lands (the Value whereof shall be assessed or ascertained by any Jury or Juries) to the Person or Persons entitled to the fame, or in case of want of Opportunity to tender, or cf Refusal to accept the said Monies when tendered, then on leaving the fame with the Clerk of the Peace for the County in which such Lands or Hereditaments shall be situate, dr his Deputy, for the Uffe of Uses of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, it shall be lawful for the said respective Trustees to enter upon the said Lands and Hereditaments, and the same to add or turn into a Highway; and the said Lands eft Heredita-6 menu

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 6. 109

ments shall from thenceforth for ever afterwards be deemed, taken and used as a public Highway or Public Highways to all Intents and Purposes.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Tmftcc* may and for the said Trustees respectively to sell and dispose of any Land which set*-they have purchased or may purchase, over and above what may be necessary for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, and also such Piece or Pieces of Land as shall have been used for any public Highway (save as in the said first recited Act mentioned with regard to a certain Driftway or Road situated in the Parish of Cubley in the said County of Derby), which hath been or may be rendered unnecessary by the making, altering, or diverting of the present Turnpike Roads, or of the said Roads from Draycott to Uttoxeter, and from Hadley Plain to CalUngwood Plain, and authorized by the said recited Acts or this Act to be (lopped up, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find most convenient and advantageous, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the fame: Provided, that the said Trustees respectively, before they shall sell and dispose of any Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, shall offer the same to the Person or Persons from whom the same shall have been purchased, or where the lame shall have been rendered useless by the (lopping up of any Road or Roads as aforesaid, then to the Person or Persons whose Lands shall adjoin thereto; and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree, except with respect to and on account of the Price thereof, as herein after mentioned, or shall refuse, except with respect to and on account of the Price thereof, to purchase or repurchase the fame respectively, of which Offer, Nonagreement and Refusal, an Affidavit, to be made and sworn before a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery (who is hereby empowered to administer the same) by fonie Person or Persons not interested in the said Piece or Pieces of Land, dating that such Offer was made by or cn the Behalf of the said Trustees, and was not then and thereupon agreed to or was refused, shall be sufficient Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing or repur-chafing the fame, and he, she or they and the said Trustees shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case such Price or Prices shall be ascertained by a Jury in manner herein before directed with respect to the disputed Value of Lands to be purchased by the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-after directed with respect to such Purchases made by the said Trustees mutatif mutandis; and the Money to arise by such Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees as aforesaid shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Monies.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury to be sum- Expenses of moned and impannelled in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Jury and Wit-Act, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Value of any Lands, Grounds, neflfe*, how to Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Loss or Damage sustained or to *(*"*• be sustained by any Person or Persons whomsoever, shall give-in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Right, Interest or Property, of any Person or Persons in any Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by them [Ltc. & Pur.] E e sustained,

I IO

Application of Compen-l'jtion Money ■wheer exceeding aool.

49' GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

sustained,than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees respectively before the fuinrnbning and returning the said Jury, then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees reflectively, out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act; and if such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recomper.ce or Satisfaction for any Rights, Intercfls or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said respective Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences, after the same shall have been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the County wherein such Jury shall be summoned or impannelled, not interested in the Matter in question (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame at a Time and Place to be by him appointed, after summoning the Parties interested therein to attend him for that Purpose), shall and may be deducted our of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as lb much Money advanced to and paid for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Money shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the same shall not be paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk of the said Trustees respectively by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for recovering of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Gafts where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees respectively, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said respective Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchifed, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts or of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as in the said first-recited Act is particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to lb be placed to his Account cx parte the respective Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts', or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affeftin'g other Lands or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to’the fame or the like Uses, Intents' or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be lb applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other

Land*

111

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled, to, for and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court or Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inveffed by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the mean time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to,the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Mo« Application ney, so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, belonging to any t|lan 200I. Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity and not left as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall tlun 2o1, amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such

Cafes the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents or Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guafdians,

Committee or Committees in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the fame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Application Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be where the less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall beap- ^an'/ol*Ic(* plied to the Use of the! Person or Persons who would for the Time being

havie been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons i, case of not to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as making out

aforesaid

112

or if Persons cnunothe found. Purchase M >ney to be paid ia:o Lhc Bankj

fuhje<^ to the Order of the Court of Chancery* on Motion or Petition.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

aforesaid shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees respectively, or any five or more of them, or shall refule to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it Hull and may be lawful for the said respective Tnif-tees, or any Five or more of th tn, to order the said Sam or Sums of Money so awarded, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to be placed tc/his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing them], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court, on Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the fame Court shall feern meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Ef-tates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Refpteting

disputed

Tides.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in PosselFion of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the said Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that fbrae other Person or Persons was or were entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

The Court of

XXXI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason Sm'pT7 of any Disability 01 lncaPacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation, ment oflx- entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased under

pences. the

49° GEORGII III. CapS. 113

the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the fame "shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said recited Acts, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct*

XXXII. And be it further enacted, that the said Trustees respectively. Trufires may at any Meeting to be held, whereof Notice in Writing, specifying the direct Prose-Titne and Place and the Purpose for which such Meeting is intended to be cuuons at, the held, shall be affixed upon the Tollgates or Turnpikes then erected by.^/toIU.0* virtue of this Act within the said Districts respectively, and inserted in

some Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of such Roads, at leafs Seven Days previous to the Time when such Meeting is appointed to Be held, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, when and as often as they shall think fit and necessary, to direct Indictments to be preferred and prosecuted at the Expence of the respective Revenues arising by virtue of this Act, against the Inhabitants of all or any of the Parishes or Places through which the said Roads or any of them do or shall pass, and against the Hundred liable to repair Bridges, who shall have neglected or refused respectively to repair the same.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, that the said respective Trustees Trull »ej may may, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time to contract contract for and agree with any Person or Persons for making, repairing, widening, repairing of altering, turning or amending the said Roads within their respective Dif- t!ie Roads* trids, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for doing any other Work to be

done in the Execution of the said recited Acts or of this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees respectively shall think proper; and that all Contracts and Agreements in Writing entered into, pursuant to an Order made at any Meeting of the said Trustees respectively, shall be binding on the said respective Trustees and their Successors, and also on all other Persons who shall sign the fame, his, her or their Executors and Administrators respectively, and that Actions and Suits may be maintained thereon, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Party or Parties failing in the Execution of such Contracts or Agreements.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons Penalty on shall assault, interrupt or hinder, or cause or procure or promote to be af- °bftracting faulted, interrupted or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls, or any Sur- ofthuTct'011 veyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by them or any of them, ° "c * or by the said Trustees employed in the Execution of this Act, every such

Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit any Sum^ot exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXXV. And whereas Persons guilty of Offences against the said recited Power to de-Acts and this Act may be transient Persons, unknown to the Collectors, tain Persons

[Lee. £s* Per. j of

Surveyors,

it4 49* GEORGII in. Cap. 6.

Surveyors or other Officers, under the said recited Acts or this Act; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Collector or Farmer of the Tolls, or for any Surveyor or other Officer duly authorized or appointed by the said Trustees respectively, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons guilty of any Offence as aforesaid, and to convey him, her or them before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County wherein such Offence shall be committed, without any other Warrant or Authority than this Act for (o doing, and such Justice or Justices of the Peace reflectively is and are hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the Conviction or Acquittal of such Offender or Offenders, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her or their Appearance at the next Petty or Special Sessions to be holden for the Division or Place where such Offence or Offerees shall have been committed, and on such Conviction, or for Want of Efficient Security, to commit the Person or Persons so offending, to the House of Correction for the County wherein such Offence shall be committed, for any Time not exceeding 1'hree Calendar Months, or until he, she or they shall pay the Penalty by him, her or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, or shall give such Security as aforesaid.

Penalties may

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That when any Penalty by the said be recovered recited Acts or by this Act imposed shall be incurred, or any Offence by pToceeaTne" recited Acts or this Act created shall have been committed, the not d'rested) Method of Proceeding in respect to which is not herein-before or in the before Justices said recited Acts particularly directed, any One of His Majesty's Justices of the County peace for the County wherein such Offence shall be committed, may

Offence shall ant^ ’3 hereby required, upon Complaint and Information to him be commit- thereof made, to summon before him the Person or Persons against whom ted. such Complaint or Information shall be made, to answer the Matter thereof,

and at the Time and Place appointed by such Summons, the Person or Persons complained of or informed against appearing before such Justice, or in case of his or their not appearing (except for some reasonable Excuse), Proof being made upon Oath before the said Justice of the personal Service of such Summons, or that a Duplicate or true Copy of the fame was left at the Dwelling-house or last known Place of Abode of such Person or Persons, the said Justice may and is hereby required, whether the said Person or Persons complained of or informed against do or do not appear, to proceed to examine the Merits of such Complaint and Information; and if such Offence or Offences shall be confessed by the Person or Persons so complained of and informed against, or be duly proved to the Satisfaction of such Justice by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, such Justice may and is hereby required forthwith to convict such Offender or Offenders, and to adjudge him or them to pay such Penalty or Penalties as he or they shall be therefore liable unto by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act; and if such Penalty or Penalties shall not be immediately paid, in case such Offender or Offenders appear personally to answer such Complaint or Information, or in case of his or their Non-appearance to answer such Complaint or Information within Seven Days after Notice of such Conviction given to such Offender or Offenders, or left at his, her or their Dwelling-house or last known Place of Abode, and Proof thereof and of the Nonpayment of such Penalty or PenaU'ies made to such Justice upon Oath, such Justice shall and - 7 I be

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 6. 115

he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to caul'e the fame, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges of such Complaint and Information, and of the Distress and Sale to be made in pursuance of such Warrant, to be levied by Dill refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders, and if sufficient Goods and Chattels of such Offender or Offenders cannot be found to answer such Distress, then such Justice is hereby required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be apprehended and brought before him the said Justice; and in case such Penalty or Penalties, and the Costs and Charges of such Proceedings as aforesaid, to be settled as aforesaid, shall not be forthwith and immediately paid, such Justice is hereby required forthwith to commit such Offender of Offenders to the House of Correction for the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless the said Penalties and such Costs and Charges as aforesaid shall be sooner paid, or such Offender or Offenders shall have compounded for the fame with the Trustees of the District wherein such Offence shall be committed, and shall have paid such Composition, which the said Trustees respectively are hereby empowered to make and accept.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That Convictions for Offences potm of against the said recited Acts or either of them, or against this Act, may ConviQioo, be drawn up in the following Form, or to the like Effect; (that is to say),

" County of let t?E it remembered, That on the \_here insert the Day of J<< H) ffc Month and Year of our Lord, and of the King’s " Reign, and the Name of the Offender J is convicted before me " One of His Majesty's Justices of the

" Peace for the County of on his own Con-

" session [or, on the Oath of a credible

" Witness, as the Case may be~\ of [here specify the Offence, and the Time " and Place when and where the fame was committedJ contrary to an Act " passed in the Year of the Reign of King

c; Geo rgc the Third, intituled, [here insert the Title of this Act, or of the " said recited Act of Sixth George the Third, or otherwise as the Case may " be'\. And I the said Justice do adjudge the said " to have thereby incurred the Penalty of

" to be paid, recovered and applied in Manner directed by the said Act " [or by the said recited Act of Sixth George the Third, or otherwise, as the " Case may be.~\ Given under my Hand and Seal the Day and Year first " above written?"

Which Conviction shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Suhferlber* Persons who have subscribed or may subscribe Money for and towards to pay their making, repairing and improving the said Roads respectively, or any of Suhfcnption them, shall and are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums so by them re- onry' spectively subscribed, in such Parts and Proportions, within such Time or Times, and to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees respectively shall from Time to Time, by any Writing under their Hands authorize to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame in Manner aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees

respectively

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 6.

respectively to sue for and recover the fame, either in their own Names or in the Name of the Clerk or Treal'urer to such Trustees, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Law at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

1 i UJIK I

XXXIX. And be it farther enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded. ,

i 1 ' > 7’if:

XL. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts (subject to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) and this Act, shall continue and be in Force and be executed for and during the Residue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the said recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty, one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament. o

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

116

[Public Act.]

Continuance of this Act.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 7.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Derby, Leicester, and Warwick.

[13th March 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several 33G.a-c. 47. Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Derby, Leicester, and Warwick: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the 11 G. 3. c. 91. Term and altering and enlarging the Powers of an Ail, made in the Thirty-third Year of His late Majesty, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair several Roads therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Derby, Leicester, and W arwick; and for amending and keeping in Repair the Road branching from Part of the said Roads between Mealham, in the said County of Derby, and Burton-upon-Trent, in the County of Stafford, to the Turnpike Road at or near the Bull’s Head Alehouse in Twycross, in the said County of Leicester:

And whereas great Progress hath been made by the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts, for the Care and Management of the said several Roads in repairing and widening the fame, or such Parts thereof whereon Tollhouses and Gates have been erected, and several Sums of Money are now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted,

[Lot. b5 Perd] H h which

122

Continuance ef said Afla.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

which cannot be repaid, nor the said several Roads effectually widened, amended, improved, and kept in Repair,'unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, and the Powers and Provisions thereof in some re-speds amended and enlarged: Way it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by tK Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things therein contained (except such Parts thereof as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also such as are hereby varied, altered or repealed) shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and shall be executed for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained; and that this Act shall commence and take effect upon the passing thereof, and the Term and Powers hereby granted shall be and are hereby declared to be subject, and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts, and of such other Sums of Money as shall or may hereafter be borrowed upon the Credit thereof and of this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due thereon respectively.

Additional

II. And be it further enacted, That 'John Adamthwaite, Doctor in TrutUet. Divinity, Charles Bowyer Adderley, Thomas Adnutt. Clerk, Edward Atkin, Gerrard Andrewes, Doctor in Divinity, Richard Arkwright, John Dugdale Ajlley, Richard AJlley the Younger, The Honourable Thomas Bowes, Richard Bamford, Thomas Bamford, John Bamford, William Barrs, Gilbert Beresford, Clerk, Thomas Berry the Younger, George Beeby, Francis Blick, Clerk, Joseph Bond, Joseph Boultbee, Thomas Boultbce, John Bourne, Edward Bourne, Doctor of Medicine, Fletcher Bullivant, John Capenhurst, Thomas Chapman, Samuel Chapman, James Chartres, Clerk, Sir George Chetwynd, Baronet, George Chetwynd, I William Chet• ■wynd, Thomas Clare, Thomas Clare the Younger, William Crawford, Edward Croxall the Younger, Richard William Penn Curzon, Arthur Dabbs, Thomas Defier the Younger, William Defier, William Dickinfen, Charles Dllke, John Dilke, Clerk, Sir Beaumont Dixie, Baronet, John Drummotid, William Stratford Dugdale, Jerome Dyke, Clerk, William Eborall the Younger, Thomas Elton, Joseph Elton, Gervafe Elton, Thomas Eagleflone the Younger, The Honourable Charles Finch, John Farrin the Younger, Robert Faux the Younger, Luke Faux, Thomas Cotton Fell, Clerk, Walter William Fell, John Farnell, William Fernyhough, Thomas Fljher, Clerk, Thomas Fisher the Younger, John Fisher, Clerk, Thomas Freer of Stretton, Samuel Freer, John Dickinson Fowler, Robert Foder, John Geary the Younger, Joseph Grew, Samuel Grew, William Griffin, Thomas Goodman, James Goodman, Sir Edmund Cradock Hartopp, Baronet, Charles Harding, Samuel Tuffley Harding, Samuel Bracebridge Heming, Clerk, George Heming, Dempfler Heming, Sc.muel Robert Highmoor Clerk, John Hill, Charles Hill, John Hincks, Thomas Holden, Thomas Holmes, William Homer, Clerk, Richard Homer, Hugh Hughes, Clerk, Thomas Hughes, Joseph Hutchins, Clerk, Abraham Hof ins, William Phillips Inge, John Ironmonger, Joseph Jarvis, Joseph Jarvis the Younger, Richard yee the Younger, Tfaac Jec9 Charles jee, Charles Jervis7 John Jcwsbury

2 Richard

K

id

49° GEORGII III. Cap.f, *2.3

Richard. Jewfhury, Thomas Jones, Clerk, Joseph Jones, ‘Joseph Lathbvry,

John Newdigaie Ludford, DotStor of Laws, William Soutlsworth Lee,

Clerk, William Leigh, Clerk, John Lynes the Younger, William Lyshall the Younger, Edward Mammatt, George Mettam, Clerk, Joseph Miles,

Thomas Moore, John Moore, Charles Moore, Pcndock Barry Neale,

Thomas Neale, Clerk, John Neale, Clerk, William Neal, Robert Nevill,

William. Nadin, Humpfjry Nadin, William Newbold, Francis New,digate,

Francis Ne-wdigate the Younger, Thomas Noel, Clerk, Haughton Farrar Okeover, Thomas Westley Oldham, William Oldacres, John Owen, Sir Robert Peel, Baronet, John Peel, John Peel the Younger, Thomas Bradley Paget, Clerk, John Warren Paget, William Paul, Samuel Steele Perkins,

Richard Steele Perkins, Jcfcpb Phillimore, Clerk, John Power, John Power the Younger, Joseph Pratt, John Roby, Clerk, Samuel Rathbone,

George Sale, Ambrose Joseph Salisbury, John Singleton, Clerk, Richard.

Spencer, Francis Spencer, John Simmonds, John Smith, of Donilthorpe,

Richard Smith, Thomas Tylccote, Samuel Tylecote, Charles Severn Watkins,

Charles Weaver, Henry Whithy, Edward Whithy, Thomas Montgomery Willday, Joseph Willday, Robert Willoughby, Frederick William Wollaston,

Samuel Pipe Wolferjlan, John Wilson the Younger, John Weetman, Joseph

Wilson, of Burton, Thomas Wright, Clerk, Thomas Worthington, Thoteas

Whittingham, and Joseph Wilson, of Winlhill (being qualified according to

the Directions of the said First recited Act), shall be and are hereby added|

to, and joined with the surviving and remaining Trustees appointed by

or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, for putting the said recited Acts ■.

and this Act into Execution, and shall have the like Powers for that Purpose as if they had been named and appointed Trustees in. or by virtue

of the said recited Acts or either of them. ,

III. Provided nevertheless. That all Acts and Proceedings of any Person Validating or Persons who have acted as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of Acts °; un-the said recited Acts, or who shall act as a Trustee or Trustees in, the Tnlifees be-Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified previous to his or their fore con. being convicted of the said Offence, shall notwithstanding such Conviction viction-

be as good, valid and effectual as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of the said first recited Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case after any Adjournment of Mt,ft;i)rTS on the said Trustees (Two Trustees being hereby declared to be sufficient far Emergencies, the Purpose of Adjournment only) it shall be upon any Emergency thought necessary that the said Trustees should meet at an earlier Time than the

Day appointed by such Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing signed by any Five or more of them, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting or Meetings, shall forthwith give Notice in Writing of such Meeting or Meetings, to be affixed on all the Tollgates erected or to be erected upon such Part of the said Roads, upon or for which the Person or Persons giving such Notice shall be Clerk or Clerks as aforesaid, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in such Order (such Time not being less than Seven Days after fuchjNotice), and such earlier Meeting or Meetings shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at such Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meeting or Meetings had been holden in pursuance of Adjournment.

124

Trafte- J enabled to let to farm the Toll» payable for over-weight.

Trustees en bled to take Pof-1'elGon of Toll Houses, when let to Farm.

498 GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

V. And whereas under or by virtue of an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called^England, and for other Purposes, the Trustees for the Care of particular Turnpike Roads (to whom no Powers were by the particular A fts expressly given for that Purpose) are enabled and authorized to let or farm out the Tolls arising upon such Roads, having due Regard to the several Directions contained in the same Act for letting or farming out such lolls, but no Power or Authority is thereby given or delegated to such Trustees, so as to enable them to let or farm out the several Tolls or Duties granted and made payable by virtue of another Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for explaining and altering an Act, made in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, the ‘ general Laws nowin being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part ‘ of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes, so far as the ‘ fame relates to the Payment of additional Tolls at Weighing Engines, and ‘ the Number of Horses to be used in Carriages drawn on Turnpike Roads, ‘ and for allowing certain Exemptions with respect to Weight and Payment of ‘ Toll in particular Cafes be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be held in pursuance of the Power contained in the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (having first observed in all respects the Directions contained in the said last mentioned Act, and having given or caused to be given the Notice thereby required) to let to farm either with or without the Tolls by the said recited Acts or this Act authorized to be taken, the addditional Tolls or Duties granted and made payable by virtue of the said Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for every One hundred Weight (the same to consist of One hundred and Twelve Pounds) which any Waggon, Cart or Carriage, together with the Loading thereof, shall weigh at any of the Weighing Engines now or hereafter to be erected on the several Roads, over and above the Weight allowed by Law; provided, that the said additional Tolls for such over-weight as aforesaid, be let in the same Manner, and subject to the like Notice and Directions as the Tolls arising at the several Tollhouses or Tollgates already or hereafter to be erected on the said Roads or on the Sides thereof, are by the said recited Act of the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty directed or prescribed to be let.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Tolls arising from all or any of the Tollgates erected or to be erected on the said Roads, or onjthe Sides of the fame, shall at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of this Act, be demised or let to Farm to any Person or Persons whomsoever, and the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let; or in case the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, shall be in Arrear by the Space of Ten Days next after any of the Days on which the fame ought to be paid pursuant to the Agreement for letting the fame; or in case the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or his, her or their Servant or Servants shall misbehave himself or themselves during the Continuance of such Demise or Contraft, then and in either of those Cafes the said Trustees

125

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 7.

tics or any Five or more of them, or their Clerk or Treasurer, Clerks or Treasurers for the Time being, or other Person authorized by Writing under the Hands of any Five or more of them, shall be at Liberty, and they are hereby authorized to enter into and upon the Possession of the Tollhouse or Tollhousei, with the Buildings, Gates, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, so demised or let as aforesaid, and to remove and put out such LeiLe or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, from the Possession thereof, and from the: Collection of the Tolls there payable; and that thereupon it shall be lawful for the hud Trustees or any Five or metre of them (if they shall think fit) to vacate a»d determine the Contract or Agreement for leafing or letting the said Tolls to such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes, (save only, as to the Covenants and Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby referred,) as if such Demise or Agreement had never been made or entered into; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, in every such Case, to demise or let to farm the said Tolls again to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be taken and collected as if no former Contract or Agreement had been entered into, relative thereto.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise,i.with any Person or Persons accustomed to travel or about to be accustomed to travel through the Turnpike or Turnpikes erected on the said several Roads, with any Coach, Beilin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, Chair, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriages, Horse, Gelding, Mare, Afsor Mule, for any Sum or Sums of JVfoney which the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit, for and in lieu of Payment of any of the said Toils, which Composition shall be instantly paid to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall appoint.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may foe and be sued for or concerning any Matter or Thing to be done under or by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, either in the Names of such of the Trustees who may happen to be Parties to any Deed or Instrument in Writing, or to any Transaction upon which any Action or Suit shall or may be brought or commenced, or in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks, or Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced, by the Direction of or again!! the said Trustees, in their own Names or in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks, or Treasurer or Treasurers, shall abate or be discontinued by reason of the Death, Incapacity or Removal of any Trustee or Trustees, or Clerk or Clerks, or Treasurer or Treasurers, or by the Act of such Clerk or Clerks, or Treasurer or Treasurers, without the Consent of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them; but that the Clerk or Clerks, or Treasurer or Treasurers for the time being to the said Trustees, in case such Action shall be brought or commenced by or against, or defended in the Name of such Clerk or Clerks, or Treasurer or Treasurers, shall be deemed to be Plaintiff or Defendant, Plaintiffs or Defendants (as the Case may happen to be) in every such Action.

[Lcr.y Per.'] I i

Trustees may compound for I oil*.

Trustee* may I'ue and be sued in their own Kamct, or in the Names of their Clerk, or Trexiurert,

I 26

The Trullecj, their Clerki, or Treasureri, to be reimbursed their Expen.es.

Farmers of the Tolli or Collectors dc dared not to be incompetent to give Evidence.

Exemptions from Toll.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

IX. Provided always, That such Trustees, or Clerk or Clerks, or Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, in whose Name or Names any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted or defended in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arise or be collected by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, all such Colls, Charges, Damages and Expences, as they or he shall eventually or in consequence of any such Action or Suit pay, bear, sustain, expend or be put unto, or become liable unto or chargeable with, by reason of on account of their or his being so made Plaintiffs or Defendants, Plaintiff or Defendant, as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit or Litigation shall happen to arise touching or in anywise relating to the Tolls to be collected on the said several Roads, or the Recovery of such Tolls, the Person or Persons who shall or may happen to be the Farmer or Farmers, or Renter or Renters of the said Tolls, or his, her or their Servant or Servants for the Time being, who shall or may be appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trullees in the Collection of the said Tolls, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit or Litigation, relative to the Collection or Recovery of such l olls, whether the Payment of such Tolls shall or may happen to be enforced by Distress and Sale, or by way of Information and Conviction, or by any other Ways and Means, on account of their, his or her being Farmers or Renters, Farmer or Renter of the said Tolls, or being appointed to collect the fame, or acting under the Authority of the said Trustees as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Carriage or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel or other Materials for repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Roads lie; or Hay, Clover, Turnips, Straw or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners or Occupiers thereof; or for any Corn, Grain or Grill carrying to or from any Corn Mill being in any of the Hamlets, Townships or Places through which the said Roads or any Part thereof shall lead; or for any Horses, Cattle or Carriage returning unloaden after having carried any such Corn, Grain or Grift, such Com, Grain or Grift being for private Use only and not for Sale; or for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Carriage or Horses employed in conveying or carrying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Plough, Harrow or Implement of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Compost or Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Land (Lime only excepted; or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands in any of the Townships or Parishes through which the said Roads pass; or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning fresh Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being shoed or farried; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel or other Place of Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on

any

i 27

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the Parishes through which the said Roads pass; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person; or upon other his Parochial or Minilterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Iiorfe, Cattle or Carriage, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mail of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Poll-master General, either when employed in conveying, fetching or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horles, Carts or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Paflfes; or for any Horse, Cattle or Beall drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh or Chair; or Passenger on Horseback going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Derby, LeiceHer,

Warwick or Stafford, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; or for any Horse, Mare or Gelding furnished by or lor any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemptions as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons Brail in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or Person? shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards statu^Work repairing and amending the said Roads hereby directed to be made, to continue widened and repaired, or any Part or Parts of the fame, shall Hill remain so-liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful tustices to to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the said Counties "determine of Derby, Leicester, or Warwick, and they are hereby empowered and relating0" required, upon Application made to them by the said Trullees, or by their statute Work. Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or Surveyors, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Compclition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trullees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish 4 or

4-9° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

or Place, to bring in a List or Lifts before such Justices, at font# Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving ol such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that \ ear, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise; and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which List or Lists of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restriction?, as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways, and shall be verified upon the Oath of such Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, if so required by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or Surveyors, which Oath the said Justices ate hereby empowered to administer without Fee or Reward; 'and out of such List or Lists the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Nunioer of Days Statute "Work in every Year upon the said Roads, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Seed Time, Hay Time, or Harvest) and in such Parts of the respective Parishes or Places from whence such Statute Duty shall be required, as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such List or Lists shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Competition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers, at such Time or Times, as they the said Justices shall direct; and in default ot Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts or this Act authorized or directed to be recovered j and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Trustees,..shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beads, tc be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to, by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, or any of them, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as if he had neglected or refuted to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part or Parts of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time bein.T to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said Roads ;°and in case

the

129

49* GGEORGII III. Cap.).

the (hid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall neglect or refuse to appear before such Justices, after his, her, or their having been served with such Summons as aforesaid, or shall refuse or willfully neglect to give in such List or Lists as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in a false or imperfect Lift, or false or imperfect Lifts, or shall neglect or refuse to verify such List or Lists upon Oath, when thereunto required as aforesaid, or shall not to the utmost of his, her or their Power assist in convicting any Inhabitant of or Occupier of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in his, her, or their respective Parishes, Townships, or Places, who shall make Default in Performance of his, her, or their Statute Duty on the said Roads, every such Surveyor or Surveyors so offending shall for every such Offence, Neglect or Refusal, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Trustees may and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by Work, them done on the said Roads or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of

and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads are situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, in advance, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Places shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on take away any Materials which shall have been dug, gotten or gathered MaterialT’5’ for the Repair or Ul'e of the said Roads, or shall raise or carry away any raised i>y Materials out of any Pit or Quarry, either upon the Waste or in any Surl'eyors’ inclosed Lands, which shall have been made or opened for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Roads, before the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Trustees, or his or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Thirty Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Grounds, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials for his own private. Ule only and net for Sale), such Person or Persons so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons Penalty on shall at any Time after the passing of this Act, (teal, take, carry away, Materials* or otherwise remove, or cause or procure to be stolen, taken, carried away, &c. from’the or otherwise removed, from and off the Surface of the said Roads, or Roadj. any Part or Parts of the fame, or from and off the Sides thereof, any

Gravel, Stone, Sand or other Materials whatsoever, used or to be used f hoc. & Per.K k in

*3® 49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 7.

in ft? upon or for the Repairs of the said Roads; or shall dig, take or carry away any Soil or Turf from and off the Sides of the said Roads, within the Distance or Space of Thirty Feet from the Middle or Centre of the said Roads; or shall bring, lay, or spread any Straw, Litter, Dung, Compost, Manure, or any ether Substance of any other Description or Kind whatever, upon the said Roads, or any Part or Parts of the fame, or upon the Sides thereof; or in case any Person or Persons (save only the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, or the Labourers or Workmen employed by the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors for the Time being) shall sweep or ferape the said several Roads, or any Part or Parts of the fame or the Sides thereof, whereby the Soil or Materials used for repairing the said Roads shall be gathered or collected together with a Vietv to carry away the fame, without the Consent of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, under their Hands in Writing for that Purpose first had and obtained (the sweeping and feraping of the said Roads or the Sides thereof for the Convenience of Foot Passengers only excepted), the Person or Persons offending in all, either or any of the Cafes before mentioned, shall, upon his, her, or their Conviction of such Offence or Offences before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County wherein such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, forfeit and pay for each and every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

surveyor#

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

CaufJways anc* for Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Trustees, from Time to or Footpath*. Time during the Continuance of this Act, by Order of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, to make and form, or cause to be made and formed causeways or Footpaths in or along the Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, for the Convenience and better Accommodation of the Penalty for Foot Passengers passing upon or along the fame; and in case any Person or Persons shall ride upon any such causeway or Footpath, causeways or Footpaths, already made or hereafter to be made on the Sides of the said Roads for the use of Foot Passengers as aforesaid, or shall lead or drive any Horse or Horses, Cattle, Sheep or Swine, or any Carriage upon or along any such Footpaths or causeways, or shall turn any Horse or Horses or other Cattle loose thereupon, or shall suffer such loose Horse or Horses or other Cattle to remain on such causeways or Footpaths, or shall wilfully or negligently injure or damage the fame; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Roads, shall suffer the same to flop upon the said Roads or any Part of the fame, or to root up and damage the fame, or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedge, Backing* or Copse on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage upon the said Roads, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the left Side of the said Roads; or if any Person shall in any manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him upon the said Roads, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage under his Care; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent or other Fireworks whatsoever, on any Part or Parts of the said Roads; or if any Person shall leave any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage

in

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 7. *131

in or upon any Part of the said Roads, or upon the Side or Sides thereof, longer than may be necessary for loading or unloading the fame, either with or without any Horse or Bealt of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall bring, lay, leave or spread any Tree when fallen, of Piece of Timber, or any Bricks, Stone, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of the said Roads or on. the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Prejudice or Annoyance of Persons travelling thereon, every Person so oilending shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XVII. And whereas under Or by virtue of ’the said frrft recited Act, the Trustees are empowered to contfaft With the Owner or Owners of the Lands lying on either Side of the said Roads, for the absolute Purchase of such Lands, for the Purposes of extending, enlarging or widening the said Roads, or making any new Road or Roads contiguous or adjacent thereto; provided such Extension, Enlargement or widening of the said Roads, of of any Part or Parts thereof, or the making of such new Road or Roads, shall be undertaken for the better Accommodation of Carriages and Passengers passing or using the said Roads; but no Power or Authority is thereby given to the said Trustees to enable them to exchange any Part or Parts of the said Roads with the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Lands, for the Purposes before mentioned; For Remedy whereof be it enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the Powers and Authorities given to the said Trustees by the said first recited Act, for enabling them to purchase Lands for the Purposes therein mentioned, shall be extended to all Cafes where any Exchange or Exchanges of Land shall be made by the said Trustees and the Persons interested; and also for enabling the said Trustees to exchange Lands for any of the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Jury HowExpence* shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money, as

a Recompence for the Right, Interest or Property ofanyFerson or Per- r> fons in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to have been given and offered by the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, or their Treasureror Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other known Agent, before the summoning and returning of the Jury, is a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaning the Jury and Witnesses, shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, out of the Money in his or their Hand or Hands, to arise by virtue of the said tecircd Acts or this Act; but if such Jury shall give and deliver in a Verdict Or Assessment for no more or for less Money, than shall have been agreed to have been given and offered by the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right,

Interest or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then the full

0 Costs

i 3*

49* CjEORGII HI. Ctp.j.

Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witr.effes, and all other Expences attending the Hearing and Determination of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the Person or l’er-fons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute j which said Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace acting for any one or more of the said Counties of Derby, Leicester, or Warwick, respectively, not interededin the Matter in question (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame, at a Time and Place to be by him appointed, after summoning the Parties intereded therein to attend him for that Purpose) shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the UTe of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Money shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Colts and Expences, in case the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are by the said first recited Act provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, That in all Cafes where any Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons interested in such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall by reason of Absence have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees, the w'hole of such Colts, Charges, and Expences shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees in manner aforesaid.

itukco

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Lands constituting the said

enabled to fell Roads in their former State, or any Part or Parts of the fame, in lieu or exchange thereof some new Road or Roads shall be made by virtue of this Act (unless for i er s. former Roads shall lead over some Heath, Common, Moor or Waite Ground, or to some Village, Town, Hamlet or Place to which the respective new Road doth not or shall not lead) shall be veiled in, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, for the belt Price that can be gotten for the lame, or may be exchanged for other Lands used for the Purposes of this Act, and the Money arising by such Sale, shall be applied to the Repair of the several Roads by this Act and the said recited Acts directed to be repaired; provided that in all Cafes the Preference shall be given and offered to the Proprietors of the adjoining Lands, if they or either of them choose to treat for the fame, of which Offer an Affidavit, to be made and sworn before a Master or Master Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery (who is hereby empowered to administer an Oath for that Purpose) by some Person or Persons not interested in the Premises, stating that such Offer was made by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, and was not then and thereupon agreed to or was refused, shall be sufficient Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, and in case any of such Persons shall be dissatisfied with the Terms offered by the said Trustees, the Difference shall be adjulled and determined by two Persons, one to be appointed by each Party; and in case the said Persons do not agree in such Determination, then such Difference shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner directed by the said first recited Act, with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees, and the Expence of hearing and determining

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 7. *33

such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein before directed touching the Expences ol such Juries, and that after such Determinnation it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sell or exchange the Lands in question to or with any Person or Persons whomsoever; and all Deeds of Exchange or Conveyance executed by the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, and inrolled with the ■Clerk of the Peace for the Time being for the said Counties of Derby, Leiccf-ter, or Warwick respectively, as the Case may require, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes; but this Act shall not extend to the taking or pulling down of, nor be construed to enable the An not to said Trustees to take or pull down any Dwelling House or other Building, or to take in any Land being a Garden or Orchard adjoining to any Dwell- ;mv Houses ing House, or any Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, inclosed Nur- &c-fery for Trees or Avenue to a House, or any Part of the fame respectively, without the Consent of the respective Owners or Proprietors 'thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money or Recompence Dirtf ion for shall be agreed, awarded or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements Moneyed ■or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used by virtue of the said recited as a Couipen-Acts or this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any £ufm so^_ Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under whenamount-any other Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, such Money shall, in case 0Ije*~ the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, c'eiJir‘5 -00 * with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and u til such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds/irr Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities j and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered [Loc. V Per.J L I by

*34 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends or Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Herediments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

When letithan

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Money Ichthin joU or Recompence so agreed, awarded or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, Idiotcy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in the Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

When lets

XXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where any such than joi. Money or Recompence so agreed or awarded to be paid as next beforementioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lai is, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Pu >oses of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or a: Five or mor of them

shall tnink fit; or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy or Lunacy, then ft* t Money shall be paid to his, her or their Guardian or G. rdians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of fu i Person o Persons so entitled respectively.

*n«u« event

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons, hcm"ma "e0t Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, to whom any Sum or f urns of Money out Money to shall be agreed,awarded or assessed, to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, jt.iak ^ice° Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue o his Act, shall

’ ‘ refuse to accept the fame, or shall noqbe ablerfo make a goo 1 Title to such

Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments; or in case ( eh Person or persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money (half be so awarded or

assessed

*35

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

arfeffed to be paid as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments be not known er discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded or assessed to be paid as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments fdefcribing them], subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding or othewife as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Ertates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem jurt and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and forwhofe Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That when any Question shall happen to arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in possession of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of such Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made apparent to the said Court that such Possession was an illegal Possession, surd that some other Person or Persons was or were legally entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest fherein.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in all such Cases where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery,

and

Upon any Question of Tale to the Money so to be paid, Person* then in PoflVflion to be deemed < ntitled to the Money.

The Crr.rrt ol Chancery may order reasonable Exp nce» of Pu. chafes to be dctrayed determined by the TrnUeei.

fA6

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 7-

and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences attendant upon all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court Hull deem reasonable (together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order), to be paid by the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, out of the Monies to be received or collected by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the repairing the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, or for doing any other Work in the execution of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money annually or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think proper.

For (Vcuring

XXVII. And whereas Offences may happen to be committed against CiTcndm. this Act or the said recited Acts, by persons unknown to the Trustees, or to the Collectors, Surveyors or other Officers appointed to put the said recited Acts and this Act into execution; be it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful, for the said Trustees, their Collectors, Surveyors or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her or them before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediatly to the Hearing and Determination of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty Sessions to be holden within or for the County, Place or District in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Petty Sessions or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, she or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Petty Sessions as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively, to commit him, her or them to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County or Place, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unless he, she or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attendant upon such Conviction or 'Commitment.

How Penalties

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures "itureTflnli by thJs imposed shall be recovered, levied, paid and applied in such b: recovered and the same Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by the said

And a Drilled.

• * - 4 recited

Trulteei may contract for the Ktpaiis of the Roads.

i37

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 7.

recited Acts, are thereby respectively directed to be recovered, levied, paid and applied, except in such Cases where the same are by this Act directed to be recovered, levied, paid, and applied in any other Manner or Mode: Provided always, that in all Cafes where the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties distrained upon, shall not be found suffici-cient to answer the several Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act or the said recited Acts imposed, and such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County wherein the Offence shall be committed, and he or they is and are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County wherein such Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, Fines, and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in or be liable to sustain any Action for any Irregularity, Trespass or other Proceeding made, done or committed under or by virtue of this Act or the said recited Acts, until he, she or they shall have given or cause to have been given Twenty-one Days Notice in Writing, Hating the Ground or Cause of such Action, to the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the said Trustees, or after a sufficient Satisfaction of Amends or a Tender thereof hath been made by or on the behalf of the Party or Parties who shall have committed, or caused to have been committed any such Irregularity, Trespass or wrongful Proceeding, to the Party or Parties aggrieved, before the Commencement of any such Action; and in case no such Satisfaction or Tender shall happen to have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by leave of the Court in which any such Action may be brought or be depending at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, or Order and Judgment shall be had, made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions wherein the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, shall be defrayed, paid and discharged by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies already collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the first Monies to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts (fub-jest to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) and this Act, shall continue and be in Force, and be executed for and during the Residue

Loc. is5 Per.] [Mm] now

No Action astir Tender of Amends mad*.

How the Expence* of the Ait shall be p id.

Public Act-

Continuance of this Act.

138 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 7.

now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the said recited Acts; and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

HIHIH|S*»5|HlS#3|i

Cap. 8.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parish of Radcliffe and the Township of Ainsworth in the Parish of Middleton, in the County Palatine of Lancaster.

[i 3th March 1809.]

there are within the Farish of Radcliffe and Township \/%/ of Ainsworth, in the Parish of Middleton, in the County Pala-▼ T tine of Lancaster, Two Tra&s or Parcels of Common and Watte Ground ca'led Radcliffe Moor and Cockcy Moor respectively, containing together by Estimation Three hundred and sixty Acres or thereabouts: And whereas the Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Wilton is L/'rd of the Manor of Rddcliffe,which is co-extensive with the said Patish of Radcliffe, and as such Lord is entitled to the Soil and Royalties in and over Rich Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as are fituite within that Manor: And whereas the said Thomas Earl of IVilton is a!so entitled to the Soil of such Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as are situate within the said Township of Ainsworth, and to the Coal and Cannel, and other Mines and Minerals wuhin and under the fame: And whereas the said Thomas Earl of Wilton, the Rt verend Thomas Fcxley Rector of Radcliffe afore laid, Richard Ecaley, and other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of antitnt Mdfuages, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments Within the said Pari lb of Radcliffe, and have severally, for them.

["Loc. At,] M m felvej

138

Commission-

<r» appointed.

Power to elect a new Cora-missioner.

49° GEORGII III. CapA.

selves and their respective Leflces and Tenants, Right of Common of Paf-turage in, upon, and over Inch Parts of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as are situate in the said Parishcf Radcliffe, in proportion tr their laid respective Estates wishin the same Parish; and the said Thomas Earl nf Wilton, Peter Baron. Joseph Bealey, and several other Persons, are Owners and Proprietors of antienr MessuageJ, Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments within the said Township of Ains north, and have severally for themselves and their respective LelLesand Tenants, Right of Common or Pasturage in, upon, and over such Parrs of the said Commons and Waste Grounds as are situate in the said Township of Ainfwcrth, in proportion to rheir said respective Estates within the same Township: And wherea3 an Act was paded in the Forty-full Year of the Reign ol H'S preLnc Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidating in One Ad certain Prcvifms vfually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas the said Commons and Waste Grounds yield very little Profit in their prtfent State, but the fame nrght be much improved, and it would be very advantageous to the Proprietors thereof, and to the several other Persons interested therein, and of public Utility, if the fame were divided, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the respective Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to thnr respective Rights and Interests, and such Allotments inclosed; but such D.vision, Allotment, and Inclosure, cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Ralph Fletcher, of Tonge with Haulgh in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, Esquire, and John CLgg, of Manchester in the same County, Gentleman, shall be and they are hereby appointed the Commissioners for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and fur executing all and every the Powers vested in them by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as the Commissioners or either of them by this Act appointed, or any Commissioner to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die, or refute to act, or become incapable of acting as a Commissioner, for the Purposes of this Act, thtnandin every such Case, the major Part in Value of the several Proprietors of Lands within the said Parish of Radcliffe, and the said Township of Ainsworth respectively (such Value to be ascertained according to the Amount of their respective Assessments at the then last Rate made for the Relief of the Poor of the said Patish and Township respectively) present at fomc Public Meeting to be holden in the Parish Church of Radcliffe aforesaid, (of which Meeting and the Intent thereof. Notice shall be given by the Clerk to the said Commissioners at lead Twenty-one Days previous to such Meeting by affixing such Notice on the Door of the said Parish Church, and also on the Doors of the Two Chapels in Ainsworth aforesaid, and by inleriing the fame in the Newspzper called Wheeler's Manchester Chronicle if then published, and if not, then in forne other Nevripaper circulated in the said County Palatine of Lancaster) shall and they are hereby empowered horn Time to Tim# by fume Instrument ia Writing under their Hands, to nominate and appoint 10 fomt

4c/ GEORG II III. Cap. 8. 139

Tome other Person or Persons (not inrerefled in the said intend.d Division and Inftofurej to be a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Room and Stead of the Comm'flioner or Commissioners so dying, or refilling to ad:, or becoming incapable of adding as aforesaid, and every Commissioner so nominated and appointed in Manner ..foresaid, fha!!, after taking the Oa^h prescribed in that Behalf, have such and the like Poweis and Authorities in all Respects for carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Orders, Regulations,

Penalties, and Forfeitures as if he had been originally nominated and appointed a Con mifiiarier in and by this Act •, and every such Nomination and Appointment shall be deposited with the Award of the said Commissioners.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Com- FcrappoinN

missioners named or appointed in or by virtue of t! is Act, shall at any m"

Time or Times difagrte in Opinion upon any Matter concerning which it

shall be necessary for them to judge and determine in the Execution of this Act or of the said recited Act, then and as often as it shall so happen, the said Commissioners fir ill and rnay and they are hereby authorized and required to refer such Difference to the Judgment a ,d Determination of an Umpire to be rhofen by the said Commissioners; and in case the said Commissioners shall for the Space of Fourteen Days after such Difference shall arise, neglect to appoint an Umpire as aforesaid, or if such Umpire shall die, or being appointed shall refuse to act, <r become incapable of acting, then and in every such Case an Umpire shall be nominated and appointed by the major Part in Value of the said Proj n to t of Lands after the like Notice and in such Manner as is herein-before directed concerning the Nomination and Appointment of a Commissioner in the Room or Stead of any Commissioner eying or refusing, orieg'efting to act, or b ooming incapable of acting; and the Judgment and Determination of such Umpire so to be chosen, or nominated and appointed, shall be final and conclusive upon the said Commissioners, and upon all other Persons interested Or concerned in the Did Division and Ind lure lo far as the Judgments and Determinations cr the said Commissioners are in such and the like Cafes by this Act or by the said recited Act declared to be final and conclusive.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be Umpire to capable of acting as Umpire in the Execution of the Powers given by this ukc *‘l Oath. Act or the said recited Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed the

Oath following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully, impartially, and honestly, accord-

* ing to the bed of my Skill and Judgment, execute and perform the ‘ several Powers and Authorities veiled and reposed in me as an Umpire,

‘ by virtue of an Act pafLd in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [Here infer t the Title of this Act] accord-e ing to Equity and good Conscience, and without Favour or Affection,

« Prejudice or Partiality to any Person or Persons whomsoever.

'So help me GOD.*

Which Oath it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or either of them, to administer to such Umpire, and the said Oarh so taken and

sub-

140

V

Notice cf Meetings of Commission-

«i».

Other Notices, how to be •iven.

Commissioners may appoint a Clerk.

Proceedings to t e enteiei in a Book.

49* GB.ORGII III. Cap. 9.

subscribed by such Umpire. shall be annexed to and inrolled with the Award of the said Commissioners, and a Copy of the Inrolltnent thereof shall be admitted as legal Evidence thereof.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby rrquired to cause Notice in Writing to be affixed on the Door of the Parish Church of Radc'iffe aforesaid, anil also on the Doors of the fain Two Chapels in Ainjworih aforesaid, on some Sunday immediately before or after Divine Service, and also a like Notice to be inferred in the Newspaper called Wheeler's Manchester Chronicle, if then published, and if nor, then in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Lancaster, of the Time and Place of their First Meeting, and of all other subsequent Meetings for executing the Powers hereby cr in and by the said recited Act vested in them, at least Ten Days before any such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment only excepted), and it shall be lawful for the said C immissioners for the Time being to adjourn their Meetings, and appoint the same to be held on any future Day, as they shall see Occasion and think needfary; and if neither of the said Commissioners, or only One of them, shall attend at the Time and Place appointed for any loch Meeting, or to which the same shall be adjourned, it shall be lawful for the Cle k to the said Commissioners to adjourn such Meeting to any future Day, not exceeding Fourteen Days from the Day of Adjournment, to be held at the fame or any other Place within the said Parish or Towrffiip, or One of them, and such Clerk shall cause Notice of such Adjournment to be given to the said Comm'ffioners: Provided always, that all Meetings of the said Commissioners shall be held within the said Parish or Township, or within Eight Miles thereof.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thar all ot!ier Notices necessary or requifue to be given by the said Commissioners ffial' be so given by affixing the fame on the Doors of the said Parish Church and Chapel?, and by Advertisirment to be inferred in the Newspaper called Wheeler’s Manchester Chronicle, if then published, and if no such Newspaper shall be then pubiilhcd, then in l'ome other Newspaper cir-culated in the said County of Lancaster.

VII. And be it further er.acted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to appoint a Clerk 10 assist them in the Execution of this Act, and from Time to Time to remove such Clerk and appoint another in his Stead, as to the said Comm ffioners tball seem meet; and from and out of the Money to be provided for the Purposes of this A<3, to allow and pay to such Clerk, such Salary or Allowance f-r his Trouble and Expences, as to the said Commissioners shall appear juit and reasonable.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders, Proceedings, and Detern i ations of the said Commissioners, at any of their Sittings to be hekl in pursuance o( this Act, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, and shall be signed by the said Commissione s, and being so signed, shall be deemed and taken for Originals; and al/ such Books shall and may be read in Evidence in all Cales of Appeal, Suits, Actions, and other Proceedings, touching any Matter or Thing done, or to be done in relation to or in pursuance of this and the said recited A St.

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 8. 141

IX. And for the more just and regular Division of the said Lands S"rJ*Ttobi and Grounds hereby dirtcted to be divided and inclosed, be it further enacted, That the Commissior.era fttall make or cause to be made a Survey, Admeasurement, and Plan of the said Commons and Waft- Grounds,

and also of the old inclosed Lands within the said Parish of Raddiffe, and Township of Ainsworth, or of such Part or Parts thereof respectively, as they may think necessary, and d.vide and reduce the fame into Two separate Parts, to wit. One Plan as to so much and such Parc thereof only as is situate within the said Parish of Radcliffe, and the other Plan as to so much and such Part thereof only as is situate within the said Town-ftvp of Airfivorib; and such Survey, Admeasurement, and Plans shall be reduced into Writing, and the Number of Acres, Roods, and Perches in Statute Measure, contained in the said Parish and Township respectively,

shall be let forth and ascertained, and delivered to the said Commissioners, and shall be verified upon the Oath or Affirmation of the^erson making the same (which Oath or Affirmation any of the said Commissioners, or any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Lar.caster is hereby authorized and required to administer).

X. And whereas it may shorten the Boundary Fences to be made be.

tween such Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided Janets. ' and inclosed, as lie within the said Parish of Raddiffe and Township cf Ainfaorth respectively,’ if the said Commissioners were empowered to cause the Boundaries between the same Parish and Township to be varied within the Limits of the fame Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed in such Direction as they shall deem most proper and convenient, for shortening and making the same regular; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners with the Consent in Writing under the Hand or Hands of the Lcrd or Lords,

Lady or Ladies, of the Manor or Manors, or the Owners of the Soil of the said Commons and Wastes, and under the Hands of the major Parc in Value (such major Part to be afctrcained by the Land Tax Assessment) of the Land Owners in any Parish or Parishes interesttd in any Commons tr Waste Grounds adjoining to the said Parish and Township, and also under the Hand or Hands of the Owner or Owners of any adjoining Lands upon which such Fences are intended to be made, to let our, ascertain, and determine the Boundary Fences to be made between the respective Part., of the Lands and Grounds by this Act directed to Lie divided and allotted, lying within the said Parish of Raddiffe and Township t f Ainsworth respectively, as they shall judge proper for the Purposes aforesaid •, and after such Boundaries shall be so set our, ascertained, and determined, the lame shall be inclosed and fenced by such Person or Persons, in such Manner and at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall direct, and shall for ever thereafter be deemed and taken to. be Boundaries between the said Parish of Raddiffe and Township cf Ains-uuorth, any Law, Ufige, or Custoni, to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided nevertheless, that in setting out, ascertaining, and determining such Boundaries for the Purposis aforesaid, regard shall be had to the Value of the Land taken from one of the said Places, and laid to the ether of them, so that the fame Pa«ifh and Township respectively may each of them give and take Land of equal Value.

[Loc.& Per.-]

Nn

542

Encroach-

ments,

Commissioners to settle Disputes, etc.

Power to aflfe fs Colts, kc.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

XI. And be it further en.tCled, That it shall be lawful for the salt! Commissioners to enquire am) determine what Inclosures and Encroachments have been made upon or from the said Commons and Waste Grounds, by any Person or Persons whomsoever, within Sixty Years next before the passing of this Act; and that all Inclosures or Encroachments taken in or made upon, from, or out of any Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, intended to be inclosed, cr any Part thereof, within Twenty Years next before the passing of this Act, shall bedeemed Part andP.ucel of the said Commons and Waste Grounds; and that all Inch Inclosures and Encroachments as shall have been taken in or made from the said Commons and Waste Grounds for the Space of Twenty Yea's and upwards, and under Sixty Years, shall be the Property of the Persons to whom the fame now respectively belong, for such Estate and Interest as they respectively have therein; but no Share or Allotment ot or upon the said Commons or Waste Grounds shall be made iu rcIpect thereof; and in case any Dispute or Difference' shall arise, touching any inch Encroachments or the Extent thereof, such Ditpute or Difference shall be lulled and determined by the said Commissioners: Provided that if there shall be any Cottages or other Buildings rrcCled upon any such Inclosures or Encroachments, as shall have been so taken in or made within Twenty Years next before the passing of this Act, the fame Cottages and Buildings shall be valued by the said Commissioners, and the Persons to whom the same shall be respectively allotted shall pay for the fame, according to such Valuation to the Persons who shall have respectively credited the fame, or be considered by the said Commissioners as the Owners thereof respectively, at such Times and in such Manner as the said Commissioners, either in and by their general Award, or by any Writing under the.r Hands previous to the Execution thereof, shall for that Purpose order, dire it, cr appoint.

XII. And be it further mailed. That if any Dispute or Diffeience shall arise between any of the Parties interefUd, or claiming to be interdted in the said Division and Inclosure, touching or concerning theit respective Rights or Claims, Estates or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, or touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the said Division or loclosure, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whacloever.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, fe Cause to award any Cuds, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby empowered, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, affel's, ai.d award such Costs and Charges as they shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in wiuffe Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners th ill be made by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who e Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or over-tuled; and in case the Perlun or Pctfons, Body cr Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collcgia'e, who shall be liable to pay

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 8. *43

such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then anti in such Calc it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and thtv are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person or Persons whomsoevec, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chatrelsof the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand, to the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have bren so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attend* ing such Distress and Sale.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Per- power to ter fons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, interested or Rights ailiawt chiming to be interested in the said Division and Inclosure, shall be diffathfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners or Umpire touching or concerning any Claim or Claims to any Rights of Common, or other Plights or Interests in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Inclosure, and shall, by Writing under his, ner, or their Hand or Hands, or under the Hand of his, her, or their Clerk or Agent, figmfy the same to the said Comnnffioners nr Umpire, together with the Grounds or Reasons of his, her, or their Dissatisfaction, within Two Calendar Months next after such Determination shall be made, then and in every such case (but not otherwise) it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons, B «dv or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, so dissatisfied, to proceed co a Trial at Law of the Matters>so determined by the said Commissioners at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners or of the said Umpire, shall cause an Action or Actions to be brought upon a feigned Kfuc against: the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, in whose Favour any Determination shall have been so made within Four Calendar Months next after) such Determination shall have been made, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, (lie, ard they is and are hereby required to name an Attorney ci Attorr.ies who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Ifiite or Issues whereby such Claim or Claims, and the Rights or Interests thereby insisted on may be tried and determined, such Ilfoe or I dues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or A tions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame, and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given upon the Trial of such Action or Actions, shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial or Trials thertin, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do in calc the said Court Hull think proper j and it shall also be lawful for the said Court to put off the Trial or Trials of such Issue or Issues upon sufficient Cause shewn as is usual in other Cafes, and after such Verdict or Verdict*

shall be obtained and not set aside by the said Court, the said Commissioners

144

A/tiorunot lo ab ite by Death of Parties.

Suit! respect. ing Ti les not to impede the Execution of this Act,

If Parties die

before Actions commence, the lame shall not Hop by reason theic.f.

CommiiTiou-ers not to determine contrary to PoffcOiun,

49e GEORGII III. Cap. S.

ers (Tull, and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Chaim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or 1 ti.ils: Provided always, that all such Deter* ruinations of the said Commissioners or Umpire as shall not be objected to within the Time and in Manner aforesaid, or being so objected to, the Party or Parties objecting not caofing such Action at Law to be brought and proceeded in within the Time and in Manner aforesaid, shall be abio-lutely binding, final, and cor.clusive upon all Parties whomsoever.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if either of the Parties in any Action to be brought or Appeal had in pursuance of this Act, shall die pending the (arr.e, such Action or Appeal shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Suits shall be commenced or prosecuted, touching or concerning the Title of any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, in or to any Manor, Messuage, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for or in re-sped of which any Right of Common, or other Right or Inrereft, in, over, or upon the Lands or Grounds hereby directed, to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Parc thereof, shall be claimed, such Suit or Suits shall not impede, delay, hinder, or prevent the said Commissioners from proceeding in the Powers vested in them by this and the said recited Act, but the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure shall be proceeded in, notwithstanding such Suit or Suits, and the Allotment or Allotments, in respect of Inch Rights and Intereils, or any of them, may be had and taken by the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, who upon the Determination of such Suit or Suits shall become entitled to the same.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Pei Con or Persons in whose favour any such Determination as afortfiid shall have been made, and against: whom any such Action or Actions might have been brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall hatle been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corpo-ate, v.ho might have brought such Action or Actions against; the Person cr Persons so dying, to bring the fame within the Time io limited as aforesaid, against such Person or Persons, as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk of the said Commissioners with Ptocefs for commencing such Action or Actions in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living, and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who fir all claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living, and the Rights of all Par.ies shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act: Contained shall ex'end to enable the said C mini dinners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any such Panics, , 7 ' buc

*45

49° G E OR G11 III. Cap. 8.

out in case the the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion against the Right of the Person or Personsfo in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession shall have been given up by or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or other due Course of Law.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com- t

missioners, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to divert, flop *'n(! ,'*

up, or change any Public Road or Roads, Way or Ways, (not being a Roads. Turnpike Road) passing or leading through any of the said Commons and

Waile Grounds as they the said Commissioners shall deem unnecessary, and as they shall think proper, subject neverihrless to such Provisions and under such Regulations, Directions, and Conditions, as are contained in the said recited Act respecting the [topping up of any old or unaccustomed Road or Roads, Way or Ways, and such Road or Roads, Way or Ways lb flopped up, shall be deemed and taken as Part of the Lands and Grounds hereby inttnded to be divided and inclosed, and shall be divided, allotted, and inclosed accordingly.

XX. And be it further er.acted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com- commitr.on-missioners, and they are hereby authorized at any Time or Times before %snextin-the Execution of the Award by Notice in Writing under their Hands, to guirti Right, be given and published as aforesaid, to order or direct all or any Part of of Common, the Rights of Common, in, ovtr, or upon the said Common or Waste Ground, or any Part thereof, to be extinguished or the Exercise thereof to

be suspended, for and during such Time as shall be expressed in such Writing, and that all such Rights of Common as the said Commissionerj shall by such Writing order and diretft to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall from the Time expressed in such Writing cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished. or the Exercise thereof be suspended accordingly, any Law, Usage, or Custom, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and Allotment for they are hereby required ro set out, assign, and allot such Part and Parcel of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, lying within the said Parish of pair of Road*. Radcliffe, as they shall think proper and sufficient, not exceeding in the Whole One Statute Acre, as and for Public Stone, Sand, and Gravel Pits, for the Purpose of gertingMaterials for the forming,compleating, and repairing the Public and Private Roads and Ways in the said Parish of Radcliffe; and also to set out, assign, and allot such Part and Parcels of the said Commons and Waste Grounds lying within the said Township of Ainsworth as they shall think proper and sufficient, not exceeding in the Whole the like Quantity of One Statute Acre, as and for Public Stone,

Sand, and Gravel Pits, for the I'urpole of getting Materials for the forming, compleating, and repairing the Public and Private Roads and Ways in the said Township of Ainjworth-, which said Two several Allotments lad mentioned shall be vested in the respective Surveyors for the Time being of the Highways within the said Parish of Radcliffe and Township of Atnf-worth rrlpectively j and when the fame Allotments or either of them shall be worked out, cr become wholly cfclcls and unfit for the Purposes af$re-said, then it shall be lawful for such Surveyors of the Highways in whom the lame shall be then respectively veiled, together with the Church-[Loc. isf Per.] 0 o wardens

146 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

wardens ard Ovrrfeers of the Poor for the Time being of the said Parish of Radcliffe and Township of Ainftoorth respectively, public ly to let or oi'pose of the fame f >r any Term or Number of Years, or in bee Simple, for the bed Yearly Rene that can be obtained for the lame, and to apply the fame Rent and all other Benefit and Advantage arilirg therefrom respectively, in Aid of the Highway Rates of the f.unePa'ifh or Township respectively.

Allotment far

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, and BliriaT"’11 they are hereby required to let out, assign, and allot, such Part and Pa'-

Ground in cel of the said Commons arid Waste Grounds, lying within the said

Ainfwottli. Township of Ainsworth, as they shall think proper and sufficient, not exceeding Three Ouarttrsof a Statute Acre, as a-'d for an Addition to the present Burial Ground, belonging to the Protedant Chapel in Ainsworth aforesaid; the fame Addition to be taken from the said Commons and Waste Grounds immediately adjoining to the said present Burial Ground, and to be veded in the fame Persons in whom the said present Burial Ground is veded.

Coir mi fllcm-

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and

Survey "and'* <hey are hereby required, according to the belt of their Skill and Judge-Estimate. merit, and in such Manner as to them shall aj pear jud and tight a id most proper for the Purposts of this and the said recited Act, to tdimaie, ascertain, and settle, and by Writing under their Hands set down and specify the actual Value of the frvetal Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Parish and Township respectively, ro which any Right of Common jn or upon the said Commons or Wade G'ounds or any of them so intended to be inclosed shall be appendant or appurtenant, and also the Value of the Right of Common appurtenant or appendant to the fame Mtffuagrs, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments respectively, and of all such other Rights in, upon, o.r to the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any of them; and the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby required in like Manner to ascertain, settle, set down, and specify the several Quantities, and likewise the Value by the Acre or otherwise of the said Commons and W..de Grounds, within the said Parish and Township respectively, in the different Parts thereof respectively, according to the Nature and Situation ot fuih respective Parts.

Allotment to

XXIV. And be iefurther enacted, That the said Commissioners after they the Manor* have out an(^ allotted the several and respective Parcels of the said

Commons and Waste Grounds for the aforesaid Purpol'es, and shall have let out and appointed ihe Roads and Highways through and over the fame, shall and they are hereby authorized and required to set out, allot, and award unto and for the said Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Wilton, Lord of the Manor of Radclijj'e, and Owner of the Soil of the Lid Commons and Waste Grounds within Ainsworth as aforesaid, or to his Heirs or Assigns, or the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the said M iner of Radcliffe, and the Estates now of him the said Thomas Eatl of Wilton in Radcliffe and Ainsworth respectively, One Sixteenth Part of the f.iJ Commons and Waste Gmuuds in li-u of his or their Right to the Soil of the said Commons and Waste Grounds.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall,’and rhey are hereby authorized and required in the next place to fct out and (lake out, allot and award the Residue of all and Angular the said Commons and Waste Grounds unto and amongst the several Proprietors of, and Persons interfiled in the lame, according 2nd in Proportion to the Value to be ascertained as aforesaid of their respective Rights and Interests, in and to the fame tneiein at the Time of che passing of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons ro whom any Allotments shall be made in any of the Lands or Grounds by this Act directed to be divided and allotted, shall respectively at his, her, and their own Expence, fence in and indole the said Allotments, and provide and let up such Gates, Sriles, and Bars, as may be nectfiary in such Manner ana within such Time, as the said ComnnlTioners shall, in and by their said Award, or by any other Writing under their Hands previous to the Execution thertof, order, direct, or appoint, and that all such Fences shall at all Times thereafter be maintained and repaired, by, and at the Expence of the Owners for the Time being, of the Lands and Grounds to which they shall be respectively allotted, or directed to belong.

XXVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby directed and required to set out and allot unto and for the several Persons interdted as-aforesaid, the several Allorments to which they may be retpeflively entitled under this Act, in any such Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotred, as the said Commissioners shall in their Judgment and Discretion think mod beneficial and advantageous to the several Parties imerested: Provided nevertheless, that in fitting cut the said A lotments of the said Thomas Earl of Wilton, regard shall be had to the Coal and Cannel, and other the Mines anti Minerals within and under the said Commons and Waste Grounds, so that the said several Allotments may contain the mod valuable Parts of the said Coal and Cannel, and other Mines and Minerals, and ro be set out in such Situations as shall be thought mod beneficial and convenient for the said Thomas Earl of Wilton, his Heirs and Assigns, both for the present and future getting and working of the said Coal, Cannel, and other Mines and Mineral*, any Thing herein or in the said recited Afl contained to the contrary nocwwithstanding: Provided also, that it shall be lawtul for the said Thomas Earl of Wilton, his Heirs or Assigns, or his or their Agent to elect and chuse any Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, noc exceeding in the Whole the Quantity of Two Statute At res, for the Purpose of a Stone Quarry, as well for the Use and Convenience of getting and working the said Mines and Minerals, as for any other Use or Pur-p'Te which he or they shall think proper, which said Part so chofin, the said Commissioners, upon Notice in Writing for that Purpose, shall award and allot to the faio Thomas Earl of Wilton, his Heirs or Assigns, as Part of his or their Allotment.

XXVIII. And be icfurther enabled. That the said Commissioners shall and may from Time to Time, as they shall find convenient, deliver to the several Persons interfiled in the several Divisions and AHoctmnts to be fit out under this Act, Possession of their respective Allotments hereby

directed

*47

Al'otment of the KtfiJue.

Proprietors of Allotments to fence and indole the lame.

Allotment* lo be et o»t :a such Manner as shall he mod beneficial to the Parties.

Commission. e s fn delirer Possession of the Allotments,

148

No Sheep or Lambs to be kept upon the Allotments within Seven Years n' xt after the Execution of the

Award-

Allotments to be of the fame Tenure as the ancient in-doled Lands.

Willsand Set. tlem i.ts not to be affected.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

directed to be made and set out; and such PmTtffion Tit delivered shall be kept and retained by the several Persons entitled thereto, against all Persons whomsoever, although the said Award herein-afttr ciirested shall not then be made and executed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whom' soever shall during the Space of Seven Years next afttr the Execution of the said Award, keep or departure, or permit any Sheep or Lambs to be kept and depastured in the Allotments to be made in pursuance of this Act, unless he, she, or they shall first effectually fence and guard the adjoining Allotment or Allotments belonging to any other Proprietor or Proprietors from any Injury to their Quickfetts or new planted Fences, or shall wilfully turn or put, or cause any Sheep, Lambs, Horses, Asses, or other Beads or Cattle, or any Geese to be turned or put into any of the Lanes, Ways, or Roads on either Side, whereof any new growing Fence shall be planted, every Person so offending shall upon Conviction before any One ®r more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace acting in and for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, upon the Oath of One or more crtdible Witness or Witnesses (which Oa’h the said Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer), forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds over and above the Costs previous to and attending such Conviction, at the Discretion of the Justice before whom such Offender shall be convicted, and such Penalty and Costs if not paid forthwith on such Conviction, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Guods and Chattels ,of the Person or Persons subject to the Payment of the said Penalty, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, together with the Costs and Charges of the said Distress and Sale, and every such Penalty, when so levied, shall be paid and applied in Manner following; that is to say. One Half thereof to the Person or Persons injured, and the ocher Half thereof to the Poor of the Parish or Township respectively within which such Offence shall be committed.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all and singular the Lands and other Premises which shall be allotted under or by virtue of this Act, shall (immediately after such Allotments are made) be held by and be subject to such and the fame Tenures, Customs, Heriots, Rents, and Services as the several and respective Messuages, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in respect whereof such allotted Lands shall be made, are now subject to.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this or the said recited Act contained shall extend, or be construed, deemed, or adjudged, or taken to extend to revoke, make void, alter, or annul any Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person having or claiming any J inture, Dower, Portion, Debt, Rent, or Incumbrance out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands or Grounds hereby, or by the said recited Act intended to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or which shall be exchanged n pursuance of this Act, or any Part thereof respectively, but that the rclptftive Person^ to whom the Lands or Hereditaments shall be allott.d or given in Exchange by virtue of this or the said tecited Act, shall be, remain, and enure, and the several Persons to whom the same shall be assigntd, allotted, or given in Exchange as aforesaid, shall from thence-

forth

149

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

so th (laad and be seized thereof, for such and the fame Uft«, Truss, and Estates, with the lame Powers, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Settlements, Limitations, Remainders, Charges, Rents, and Incumbrances, and no other, as the several Lands, Grounds, Tenements, and Hereditaments, whereof such Person was seized or possessed ac or immediately before the Execution of the Award of the Paid Commissioners, or for which or in respect or in lieu whereof such Allotments and Exchanges shall be made as aforesaid, would have been subject or liable to in case the same had remained uninclosed or unexchanged, or this Act had net been made.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Lease and Leases r.e-UesatRick upon Rack Rent now subsisting, touching or in any wise affecting any ^7’,tlobe Parc or Harts of the Lands or Hereditaments by virtue of this Act to be

divided, allotted, and inclosed as aLrelaid, and all other Agreements for any Term or Terms of Years therein at Rack Rent, shall ceale, determine, and be void, at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall, by any Wriring or Writings under their Hands in that Behalf order, direct, or appoint, the respective Reversioners, Owners, or Proprietors of the Hereditaments and Premises comprised in such respective Leases or Agreements making such Satisfaction to their Lessee or Lcfiees, Tcnanr or Tenants, and at such Time or Times, as they the said Commissioners shall ascertain, direct, or appoint, as reasonable to be paid to such Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, on Account thereof, or as an Equivalent for the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or shall be construed to extend to avoid or affect any Agreement or Engagement already made between Landlord and Tenant in contemplation of an Inclosure of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or relating thereto: Provided also, that if there shall be any such Lease or Leases of Lands as aforesaid, Part of which shall lie in the said Parish or in the said Township, and Part in any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, all and every such Lease or Leases may be vacated; but where any Lands shall be taken in Exchange, which Lands shall be under Lease and wholly situate in any adjoining Parish, Township, or Place, such last-mentioned Lease shall not be vacated.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the several Lessees or Tenants other Lease-who have, under any Lease (other than a Lease or Leases at Rack Rent) b00'at'" Aiiot'I any Estate or Estates in respect of which any such Allotment or Allotments i^ems uoon shall be made as aforesaid (except such as have only Right of Common Cfr'ai" upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds so to be allotted, whilst the fame remain uninclosed, or at the Will or Pleasure of the Owner or Owners of the Reversion and Inheritance of such Leasehold Estates), shall, during the Continuance of their respective Leases, have, hold, and enjoy, the several Parts and Shares of the said Commons and Waste Grounds that shall be allotted and set out for or in respect of such Estates, upon Condition only that such Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, do and shall, within such Time and Times, and in such Manner, as the said Commissioners shall order, appoint, or award, well and sufficiently inclose, oitch, and fence out the Snares of the said Commons and Waste Grounds to be allotted to pr in respect of such Estates; and also ao and shall, within such Time or Times as last aforesaid, pay his and their Part and Share,

Parts and Shares, in proportion to their Leasehold Interest therein respect[Lcc. Ss5 Per.~\ P p tively

15©

T.cafehoM Eitnrcs to go to Reversion-«r$ on Expiration ot Leases

Exchanges may be made by Commissioners with Co ifent of Proprietors,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 3.

lively of all Colls, Charges, and Expences relating thereto, to he settled by the said Commissioners; anti the Keverfioners shall, and they a:c hereby directed to pay, within fuel) Time or Times as the f d Commifnoners shall order, appoint, or award, the Residue of such Charges and Expences for or in respect of such Estates in Lease teipeftivtly; and if any of the said Lessees or Tenants shall refuse or neglect well and sufficiently to in .!ofe, ditch, and fence out their several Parts and Shares of the said Co- imons and Waste Grounds to be allotted to their several and respectiv EfLtes, cr to pay their respective proportionable Parts and Shares of the Charges and Expences aforesaid, within the Time or Times, and in the Manner, to be by the said Comnnflioners ordered, appmnred, or awarded, that then and from and after such Refusal or Neglect trie said Parrs and Shares of the said Commons and Waste Grounds shall go, revert, and remsin unto, and be in the immediate Pcffeffion of the Proprietors or Owners of the Rev-rfion of such Estates in Lease to which the same shall be resptfctively allotted as aforesaid, according to their several Eflites and Interests therein iefp lively exonerated and absolutely discharged from such L-afe and L "i Interests, which the said Owners or Proprietors are hereby direct ' , r-dered, and authorized to inclo'e, ditch, and fence in, and pay such Charges and Expences within such respective Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall order, appoint, or award.

XXXIV. And be it further e naded, That the Share and Shares of the said Commons and Waste Grounds so to be aborted to the said Leaseholders respectively, for or in respect of the said Estates in Lease (other than Leases at Rack Rent as aforesaid), shall nevertheless from anti alter the Determination of their Leases respectively, go, remain and revert to such Person or Persons as shall be entitled to such Estates, in respect whereof the same shall be allotted respectively, which Person or Persons shall severally have and enjoy the lame Ellate, Right, Title, Powers and Interests in such Share or Shires as he, she, or they hath or have, in and to the said Estates, for or in respect whereof such Shares shall be allotted respectively.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever, within the said Parish of RadrUf 'e and Township of Ainsworth, or either of them, in lieu of, and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, within the same Parish and Township, or either of them, or within any adjoining Parish, Manor, Township, Hamlet, or Place, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Confer,: of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether lucn Owner or Owners, Propr.ctor or Proprietor* be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail, General or Special, or by Courtely of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Confenc of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for Charitable or other Uses, Ilufoands, Committees or A:*.ornies, acting for ary such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges, shall be rci'pectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatic*, or under any other legal Disability,* or who shall be beyond the

Seas

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 8. 151

Sens or ctherv.ife disabled so act for themselves, himself, or herfeif, such Consent to be ttftified in Writing, under the Common Seal of the body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively, and all and every such Exchange or Exchanges so to be made, shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided neverthelds, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiast’cal Benefice, without the Consent (testified as aforesaid), of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord B'.shop of the Diecefe in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged, shall lie or be situate: Provided also,

■ that all Costs, Charges, and Expences of making any such Exchange or Exchanges, shall be borne and paid by the several Persons, Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or Collegiate, in such Manner, and in lucn Shares and Proportions, as the said Commissioners shall order and direct.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, ThattheCofls, Charges, and Expences of the prepaiing, soliciting, obtaining, and passing this Act, and of fur- J^e ActV veying and valuing the Messuages, Tenements, and Lands within the said Parish and Township, and of the surveying, planning, measuring, dividing, allotting, and setting out the said Commons and Waste Grounds so intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, and of the preparing, making, and executing the said Award, and of setting out and making the necessary public and private Ways and Roads, Drains and Water-couifes, and of making Recompence or Satisfaction for any Damage done or Lnfs or Inconvenience sustained in consequence thereof, and the Costs and Charges of the said Commissioners and their Clerk, and the several Persons to be employed by them, touching the Execution of this Act, and all other Celts, Charges, and Expences incident to, or attending the Execution of this Act, shall be borne and defrayed by the several Persons to whom any Allotments shall be made, in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, by an AlTtffmentor Afl~ffments, Rate or Rates to be made upon the respective Owners of, or Persons interested in the Allotments of the said Commons and Waste Grounds so to be set out as aforesaid, by an equal Pound Rate, according and in Proportion to the real Value of their respective Shares and Interests, to be settled, adjusted, and ascertained by the said Commissioners, and to be paid to such Person or Persons, and for such Intents and Purposes, and at such Time and Times as the said Commissioners shall for that Purpose nominate, direct, or appoint; and in cale any Person or Persons liable to pay any such Costs, Charges, or Expences, or any Parr or Parts thereof, shall refuse or neglect to pay or contribute his, her, or their Share or Proportion, Shares or Proportions of such Costs,

Charges, and Expences to such Person or Persons, and within such Time as the said Commissioners shall direct and appoint to receive the same, then and in every such Case, the said Commissioners shall cause the same to be levied and recovered in the Manner directed by the said recited Act.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, Thatif any of the said Proprietors, or personsa(j. any other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall advance and pay any vancingMo-Money in discharge of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining, passing, pafdt^re* and executing this Act, the Money so paid and advanced, shall be repaid lawful ints-and satisfied by the Direction of the said Commissioners, together with r'ft*

9 lawful

152

proprietors and Agents to pay their own Expences at Meetings.

Proprietors itiav fell their Allotment* before the Execution of the Award.

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 8.

lawful Interest for the fame out of the First Money to be raised by virtue of this Act.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Proprietors, their Attornies. and Agents, shall pay their own Expmces, whtn they or any of them shall attend the saul Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawfulforany Person or Persons who shall be entitled to any Allotment to be made by virtue of this Act, to fell or contract for the Sale or all or any Parr of his, her, or their Eltare, Right, Title, and Inrprtft therein, at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners; and if any Person shall fa fell or contract (or the Sale of all or any Part of in?, her, or their Estate, Right, Title, and Interest in, over, or upon the said Commons and Waste Grounds, and shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the said Comnnlfioners Thirty Days at lead before the Extcution of their ‘(aid Award, then and in every Rich Cafe it shall and may be iawlul far the said Commissioners, and they are hereby required to make an Allotment of Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser in such Sale or Contract, or to h % her, or their Heiis or Assigns for or in respect of such Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, so fold or contracted for as aforesaid •, and every such Vendee or Purchaser, and his, her, and their Heirs and Assigns, shall and may from and after the Extcution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Land so to be allotted to him, her, or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes, a; the Vendor in every such Sale or Contract might, could, or ought to have held and enjoyed the fame, in case such Sale and Contract had not been made.

Award to be

XL. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said fiieChurch" Commissioners, when inrolled in Manner directed by the Lid recited Act,

Cheit. shall be drpofited in a Tin Bex, in the Church Chest of Radc/iffe aforesaid.

Commirnon-

XLI. And be it further enacted, That or ce at lead in every Year, durrg count*bTfore Execution of this Act, such Year to be computed from the Day of

a°juihce once passing thereof, the said Commissioners shall, and they are hereby rein every Year, quired to make a just and true Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and txpended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act; and such Statement or Account, when io made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before some one or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County Palatine o( Lancaster, to be by him or them examined and balanced; and such Balance shall be by such Justice or Justices dated in the Book of Accounts, io be kept in ihe Office of the Clerk to the said Commissioners, and no Charge or Item in such Statement or Account, (Trail be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice or Justices.

Mine* and Minerals re

XLII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this served to the contained, shall be construed todefear, IHTen, or prejudice, the Right, Lo d the Title, or Interest of the said Tbcnuu Earl ot Wilton, his Heirs and Assigns, S,rh or Person or Persons ft;r tllc Time being, entitled to the said Manor of work the lam*. Radcliffe,

49’ GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

Radcliffe, and the said Estates of him the said Thomas Earl of Wilton in Raddiffe and Ainsworth aforesaid respectively, to the Mines, Beds, Veins and Seams of Coal, Cannel, or other Mines and Minerals in or under the said-Commons or Waste Grounds hereby intended to be inclosed, or any of them, or any Par: thereof respectively, but that he the said Thomas Earl of Wilton, his Heirs or Assigns, or the Person or Persons for the Time being, entitled as aforesaid. shall and m2y continue to use, exercise, and enjoy all such Rights, and the same are hereby reserved to him and them respectively, with full and free Liberty, Power, and Authority for him and them respectively, from Time to Time, and at all Times for ever hereafter to bore, dig, fink, and search for, get, raise, bank, have, hold, win, work, and enjoy all Mines, Beds, Veins, and Seams of Coal, Cannel, and other Mines and Minerals, of what Nature or Kind soever, within and under the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby intended to be inclosed, and every or any Part thereof, together with all convenient and necessary Roads, Ways, Passages, and Appurtenances thereto belonging; and like Liberty, Power, and Authority to set our, make, maintain, repair, have, hold, use, and enjoy any New Roads, Ways, and Passages, or Waggon Ways; and other Ways in, over, and along the fame Commons and Waste Grounds, or any of them, or any Part thereof,' and to bank, stack, lay up, burn into Coke or Charcoal, fell, load, cart, or otherwise cany away the Coal, Cannel, Minerals, or other Produce thereof, and to fink Pits or Shafts, ered Huts or Cabins, make Pit-banks, Pittooms, Stack Yards, Ovens, Watercourlfes, Drains, Sluices, and Reservoirs or Lodges for Water, and drive Levels, Ends, or Drifts, and ered or set up Fire or Steam Engines, or other Engines, Machines* or Contrivances whatsoever, either now in use or hereafter to be invented, for the belter riifcovering, getting, working, disposing of, and enjoying the Laid Coal and Cannel, and other Mines, Minerals, Privileges, and Hereditaments hereby reserved, to the greatest Benefit and Advantage; and also from Time to Time to alter, change, pull down, remove, and carry away the fame Huts, Cabins, Engines, Matters and Things, or any of the Materials thereof, and to have and use any Stone, Sand, or other Matters got in the sinking Pits or Shafts, or working or getting the said Mines and Minerals so reserved as aforesaid, at his and their own free Will and Pleasure, and to do all such other Acts, Matters and Things, as may be necessary and convenient for the full and complete Enjoyment thereof, in as full, complete, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Pui poles, as he or they could or might have done, in case this Act had not been made; he and they nevmhclels making and allowing to the several Owners or Occupiers of such Allotments respectively, a full and reasonable Compensation for all such Damage and Trespass as shall from Time to Time be done, to the Herbage or Produce thereof, or to any Erections or Buildings that may be erected or built thereupon, by the working or getting the said Mines and Minerals, or using or exercising any of the Powers or Privileges hereby reserved; such Compenfarion to be paid within Fourteen Days next after the same shall be demanded determined by or on Behalf of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, from the Person or Persons for the Time being in the Occupation or Enjoyment of the fame Mines, or from his principal Agent or Manager Jhere: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to enable the said Thomas Earl of Wilton> his Heirs or Assigns, or the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled or claiming [Lee. Per.'} Qq * to

*54-

49ft GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

to be entitled as aforesaid, or his, her, or their Lessee or Lessees, to enter into any House, Outhonfe, or Building, now or at any lime hereafter to be erected, upon any Part or Parts of the lame Commons or

W.fte Grounds.

Duplicates of

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, at made, if re- the Request, Cults, and Charges of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, ejuirtcl. Corporate, or Collegiate, having any Allotment or Allotments of the Lands and Grounds hereby intended to be divided and allotted, make and execute a Duplicate or Duplicates of the general Award to be made by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act and the said recited Act, and of the Maps, Surveys, or Plans accompanying the fame, or of any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, for the Use of any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, requeuing the fame, such Request nevertheless to be made before the said Award shall be depofued or inrolled according to the said recited Act, and every such Duplicate shall be admitted or allowed as legal Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

Allowing an

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Body Appeal to thf or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall think himself, herlelf, or OpaitcrScf- j|jemfeives aggrieved by any Thing done by virtue or in pursuance of this or the said recited Act (other than and except such Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners or Umpire as are by the said recited Act or this Act directed to be final or conclusive, and except in such Cases where> an IlTue at Law is herein directed to be tried), then and in every such Case he, she, or they, may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the Division of Manchester, in and for the said County Palatine of Lancaster, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arilen; and the Justices of the Peace in such Sessions, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, provided that Notice in Writing of every such Appeal, speccifying the Cause of Complaint be given to the said Commissioners, or the other Party intertilled in the Matter of any such Appeal, or their Agent or Agents for the Time being. Twenty-one Days at least before such Sessions, and the said Justices in their said Sessions assembled may, if they fee furficient Cause, respice every such Appeal to the then next General Quarter Sessions, to be holden for the Division of Manchester aforesaid, in and for the said County Palatine; and the said Justices shall make such Order, touching the Matter of such Appeal, ana award fu. h Damages and Costs as to them in their Discrecion shall leem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant, levy the Costs and Damage* which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, and every Order and Determination of the said Justices upon every such Appeal, shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Proqefs whatsoever, into any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Weft* nnn^er, or elsewhere; and in case any such Appeal shall appear to the Lid Justices to be frivolous and vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appel-

lants

*55

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 8.

lants, as to them shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

XLV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General and Successors, and all other Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Col- Si,ins* legiate, his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, all such Effaces, Rights, Title, and Interest (other than and except such as is and are hereby meant and intended to be barred, dc* stroyed and extinguished), as they, every, or any of them had or enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the said Commons and Waste Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed before the passing of this Adf, or could or might have had or enjoyed, if this Act had not been made.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, Thac this Act shall be printed by the This Act may

Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so

printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof, by all Judges, Justices, when printed

and others. by the Kinj’»

Printer,

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

I

r i

W v -

m?

v »«(!: ik tfni f5l»8 p*

-* .

• •- .

t

s;,fi; v .: .

<uir»'Ot 't»U: w uc li ,<n jo !Vlt» SiJ fii vrblasto

u # -

+ ' ’ \

si .' V.

vJ* r >4

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS,

Cap. 9.

An Act for inclbfing Lands in the Townships o$ Workington and Wvifcalcs, and Manor of Workington, in the Parish of Workington> in the County of Cumberland.

[20th March 1809.]

WHEREAS th^re are within the Townships of Workington and V/infcales and Manor of Workington, in the Parish of Workington» in the County of Cumberland, certain Commons and Waste lands', containing by Eftiination One thousand and Seventy Acres, or thereabouts: And whereas John Christian Curie:.n Esquire, is Lord of the Manor of Workington, in the Parish of Workington, and as such is entitled to ail Mines and Minerals, the Soil and Royalties within and under the said Commons or Waste Lands within the said Manor: And whereas the said "John Christian Carwen is Patron of the Rectory and Parish Church of Workington a fore fa id; and Peter How, Clerk, is Rector of the said Rectory and Parish Church, and as such Rector is entitled to all the Great and Small Tythes in the said Township of Workington, in the Manor of Workington, and to certain Tythes in the said Township of Winfcales in the Manor of Workington, or to certain prescriptive Payments in lieu thereof: And whereas the said John Christian Curiven and Thomas Harrison, Esqui'res, are respectively entitled to certain Tythes Impropriate in the said Township of Winfcales and Manor of Workington; And whereas the said John Christian Cttrwen, Mary Bowman Spinster, Thomas Harrison, William Fisher, and divers other Persons, are or claim to be entitled to Right of Common upon the said Commons or Waste Lands, in respect of certain Messuages, Tenements, Lands, or other Hereditaments within the said Townships and Manor; And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-first [_Loc. U Peri\ R r Year

*53

Commission* cf> appjiuced.

Two Com m iffiORers may] set.

power of

choosing new

Commission-

49* GEORGjII III. Cap.

Year of the Reign of His prefsnt Majesty, intituled, An Act for consolidatittg . in One Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of lnclcfure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several I'acts usually required on the passing of such Acts: And wheteas (he said Commons and Walk Lands in their present State are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it wouidbe greatly to the Advantage of the several Persons interestedtherein if the said Commons and Wifte Lands were divided and allotted amongst the several Persons interested therein, and such Allotments inclosed; but such Division, Allotment and Inclosure cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore pltafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That John Lift, of Net her end in the County of Cumber land, Gentleman, Thomas Harrison, of Whitehaven, in the said County, Clerk, and Miles Potifonby, of Whitehaven aforesaid in the said County, Esquire, and their Successors, to be appointed as herein-after mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for setting out, dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Lands in the Maimer and accord--ing to the Rules, Orders, Provisions, Powers, and Directions contained in this Act and the said recited Act, so far as the Powers, Regulations, Directions, and Provisions in the said recited Act are not controlled by or repugnant to the Powers and Provisions of this Act; and that all Acts, Matters, and Things done by any Two of the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall to all Intents and Purposes be as valid and effectual as if the fame were done and performed by all the said Commissioners.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Commissioners hereby appointed, before the Completion of the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure, shall die,or shall neglect, ref use, or become incapable to act for the Space of Forty Days, when Occasion shall require his or their Attendance for carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution, it shall be lawful from Time to Time to elect and appoint a new Commissioner or Commissioners in the Stcad of him or them lo dying, neglecting or refusing, or becoming incapable to act as aforesaid, in the Manner following (that is to say), in case the said John Lift, or any future Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead, shall die, neglect, refute, or become incapable to act as aforesaid, the said John Chri/lian Curwen, his Heirs and Assigns, or the future Lord or Lords of the said Manor of Workington for the Time Being, shall and may by any Instrument in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands appoint another Person (not interested in the said Division, Allotment and Inclosure) to be a new Commissioner in the Stead of the said "John Pitt, or of any future Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead as aforesaid j and in caie the said Thomas Harrison, or any future Commissioner to be appointed in his Stead, shall die, or shall neglect, refuse, or become incapable to act for the Space of Foity Days as aforesaid, then the major Partin Value of the several Owners of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Townships of Workington and Winfcales for the Time being entitled to Rights of Common upon the said Commons and Waste Lands, (other than and except the Lord of the feicTManor of Workington, and the Rector of the said Rectory for the Time being respectively) shall by iomc Instrument in Writing under their respective Hands appoint a

7 . - new

159

4.9* GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

new Commissioner (not interested in the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure) in the Stead of the said Thomas Harrison and his Successors respectively, fr om Time to Time as Occasion may require; and if the said Miles Pon/onby, or any future Commissioner to be appointed in the Stead of him, or any of his Successors, shall die, or fuall neglect, refuse, or become incapable to aS for the Space of Forty Days as aforesaid, then the said Peter How, or his Successors for the Time being ReSors of the said ReSory, shall by feme Instrument in Writing under his or their Hand appoint a new Commissioner (not interested in the said Division and Inclosure) in the Stead of the said Miles Ponsonby and his Successors respectively, from Time to Time as Occasion may require.

III. And be it further enacted, That if a new Commissioner shall not j," do*n<rt be appointed by any Person or Persons, Party or Parties herein-before nominal, the authorized so to do, within Sixty Days after the happening of any such Coimmffion-Vacancy as aforesaid, and Notice thereof given by the then surviving and ers m

a ding Commissioners or Commissioner, then and in every such Case a new Commissioner or Commissioners to fill up such Vacancy or Vacancies from Time to Time shall and may be appointed by the other surviving or acting Commissioners or Commissioner for the Time being, by Writing under their or his Hands and Seals, or Hand and Seal, at any Meeting of such only or surviving Commissioners or Commissioner, of the Time ?r.d Place whereof Fourteen Days previous Notice shall have been given in the Pari fa Church of Workington aforesaid, upon a Sunday immediately after Divine Service in the Forenoon; and that every such new Commissioner to be appointed as herein-before mentioned shall have the fame Powers and Authorities for carrying the Purposes of this Act, and the said recited Act into Execution as if he had been expressly named and appointed by this Act; and every Appointment of new Commissioners or a new Commissioner shall be inrolled at the same Time and at the same Place as the Award or Instrument of the said Commissioners.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall have Appointment Power and they are hereby authorized to appoint some fit and proper cleik* Person to be their Clerk for afiilling them in carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution, and such Clerk from Time to Time to remove, and to nominate and appoint some other fit and proper Person to succeed him in such Office as to the said Commissioners shall seem meet,

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and their *Commission-Successors for the Time being, and their Clerk respectively, shall at and /j*owaoceV * upon the respective Meetings and Journies for executing the Powers and Authorities of this and the said recited Act bear and pay their own

Charges and Expences; and as a Recompense for such Expences, and for their Trouble and Attendance, each of them the said Commissioners and their Clerk shall be paid the Sum of One Pound Eleven Shillings and Sixpence and no more, for each Day which he shall either travel or attend for the Purpose of carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, or relative thereto.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall cause To appoint Notice to be given in some Newspaper printed or published and usually Meetings, circulated in the said County of Cumberland, and also a like Notice to be

7 affixed

i6o

Other Notice! hove to be served and gtven.

Comn.i/fi >n-ers to <1eter-Tnine Difler-enctr.

I

49’ GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

affixed in Writing upon the principal outer Door of the said Parish Church, upon some Sunday during or immediately before or after Divine Service, of the Time and Place of holding their First, Second, and Third Meetings for the Purpose of putting this and the said recited Act into Execution, at least Fourteen Days before such respective Meetings; and the said Commissioners shall and may after the said Third Meeting from Time to lime appoint such special or other subsequent Meetings for carrying into Execution the Powers and Authorities hereby veltedin them, as they shall think proper, and shall cause a like Notice or Notices in Writing of the Time and Place where each such special or subsequent Meeting is to be holden, to be given in some Newspaper as aforesaid; and also by affixing a Notice in Writing upon the principal outer Door of the Parish Church of Workington as aforesaid; but the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall see Cause, without giving any Public Notice, to adjourn and continue their said First, Second, and Third Meetings, or any of them, or any such special or other subsequent Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid, from Time to Time as they shall see convenient: Provided always, that all Meetings of the said Commissioners shall be held within the said Townships of Workington and IVmfcalet, or within Eight Miles of the respective Boundaries thereof.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where Notices are required to be given to any Person or Persons under this Act or the said recited Act, the Delivery of the fame, so far as concerns the said Commissioners, at the usual Place of Abode of each of the said Commissioners, or at the Office or usual Place of Abode of their Clerk, and so far as concerns all other Persons, the Delivery of the fame at the usual Places of Abode of the said Persons respectively, shall be deemed good Service of the fame; and that Notices of the Meetings of the said Commissioners, and all other Public Notices directed by this Act or the said recited Act to be given, shall be so given by affixing the said Notices respectively on some Sunday during Divine ^Service in the Forenoon, on the principal Door of the Parish Church of Workington as herein-before mentioned, and also by causing the same to be inserted in the Newspaper published in the County of Cumberland, called the Cumberland Parquet; and in case such Paper shall not be then published, then in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall; before the Execution of the Award of the said Corainissioners, arise between any of the Proprietors of or Persons interested in or claiming to be interested in the said Division, Allotment, and Inclosure hereby authorized and directed to be made, touching or concerning the Right to the Soil or the Boundaries of the said Commons and Waste^Lands, or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning the respective Shares, Rights, or Proportions which any Person or Persons hath, or have, or shall or may claim to have, of, in, or to the said Commons or VVaftes, or any Part thereof, then the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered to hear, inquire into, and determine all such Disputes and Differences, and all Claims and Objections which shall be thereupon raised and brought forward to the said Commissioners, and to tix and ascertain the Nature and Extent of the several Rights of the Person or Persons making such Claim or Claims as aforesaid: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained Hull authorize the said Commissioners

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

missioners to determine the Title to any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in Case the said Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to them in pursuance of this-or the said recited Act, fee Cause to award any Cods, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, aflfei’s, and award such Cods, and Charges as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioners shall be made, by the Person or Persons, whose Ciaim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby disallowed or overruled; and in cale the Person or Persons liable to pay such Costs and Charges shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners. and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands directed to any Person or Persons whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refilling to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Pet ion or Persons whole Goods and Chattels shall have been so di'trained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Didrefs and Sale.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons intereded in or claiming to be interested in the said intended Di-vidon and Inclosure shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioners, touching or concerning any Right of Common, or other Right or Interest in, over, and upon the Commons and Wade Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons so dissatisfied to proceed to a Trial at Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioners, at the then next or Second Assizes to be holden for the said County of Cumberland, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners shall cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue against the Person or Persons in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination of the said Commissioners, and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall, and he, die or they, is and are hereby required to name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall appear thereto, or file Common Bail, and accept One or more Issue or Ilfues, whereby such Claims, and the Right or Rights thereby infided on, may be tried and determined, (such Issue or Ilfues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action or Actions shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the lame,) and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding, and conclusive upon all and and every Person and Persons whomsoever, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do as is usual in other Cafes; and after such Verdict or Verdicts shall be obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the

[Lee. Cs* Per.] JS s Claim

l6l

Power *o afleii <,'■ 11/.

Allowing Parties to try their Rights by an lime at Law.

16a 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 9

Claim or Claims thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials; and that the Costs attending such Action or Actions shall abide the Event of the respecti ve Trials of such IlTuc or lflues.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Determination of the said Commissioners touching such Claim or Claims of any Right or Interest in the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof which shall not be objected to, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting not causing such Action or Actions at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties; and if any of the Parties, Plaintiffs, or Defendants in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this or the said recited Act, shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if such Death had not happened.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whose Favour any Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and against whom any such Action or Actions might have been brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time hereinbefore limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons who might have brought such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons lo dying, to bring the fame within the Time so limited as aforesaid, against such Person or Persons, as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk of the said Commissioners with Process for commencing such Action or Actions, in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appearand defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the same Manner as if such Person or Persons had been actually living; and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioners to determine any Right between any Parties contrary to the Possession of any such Parties (except in Cafes of Encroachments made as hereinafter mentioned), but in case the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion against the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession shall have been given up by, or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejectment or other due Course of Law.

puMi?Qu«.r XIV- And bc further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall in tie. &c. the first place assign, fit out, and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways within the said Townships of Workington and Winfcnles such Pam of the said Commons and Waste Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, as and for public Quarries, and also as and for public Watering-Place for Cattle, and Places for getting Gravel for the Repairs of the Roads to be made over the 1 said

Jfcicht cf Pof. leiiion not to tee determined by

fioner,.

iln case of Death of parries before Actions brought.

Determination of Commissiorer , if not objetSed to, final.

Death of Parks not to it ay Proceeding*-

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 9. 163

said Commons and Wade Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and indofed; and the fame Allotments when set out ft all for ever thereafter be used by the Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being of the said Town ships of Workington and Wincfales, and by the Proprietors of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Townships, and their Tenants for the Time being, in such Manner, and under such Rules,

Orders, and Regulations as the said Commissioners thall in and by their Award order and appoint; and that the said Commissioners shall have Power and they are hereby authorized to order and direct how^ and in what Manner, and by whom, all new Roads to be set out by virtue of this Act, shall from and after the Execution of their said Award be amended and kept in Repair.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Com- po*er to fctl missioners, as soon as conveniently may be after the passing ol this Act, to allot and set out, by proper Marks and Bounds, so much and such Part rocn. t, or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands as to them shall seem the competent and necessary, and by Sale thereof, in Manner by the said reci- t[ , ted Act directed, to raise Money sufficient for paying and discharging the Costs, Charges, and Expencesin, about, and incident to the applying for, obtaining, procuring, and passing this Act, and the Costs and Charges of the said Commissioners, and all other Persons employed by them in and about the surveying, measuring, mapping, planning, dividing and allotting the said Commons and Waste Lands, and of, in, and about the setting our and making public Roads and Ways in, through, and over the said Commons and Waste Lands, and making such Part or Parts of the Ring or outer Fence of the said Rector’s Allotment as hereinafter mentioned; and, of, in,or aboutthepreparing and carrying intoExecution in all other Respects the Powers and Authorities in this and the said recited Act contained j and the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to cause the said Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands so to be set our for Sale as aforesaid to be sold in the Manner and according to the Directions in the said recited Act contained; and the Purchaser or Purchasers of the Land so to be allotted and sold as aforesaid, his, her, and their Heirs and Assigns, shall be subject and liable to the making, repairing, and keeping in Repair such Part of the Ring or outer Fence thereof as shall be directed by the said Commissioners; and also to the due Observance and Performance of all Orders, Matters, Charges and Directions relative thereto, to be made and applied by the said Commissioners in and by their general Award; and also to all Rights, Liberties, and Privileges herein excepted or reserved to the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being, or to his Lessee or Aflig.-nee: Provided always, that in case any Surplus shall remain after Payment Application of of such Expences as aforesaid, such Surplus shall be divided among!!: the surpiui Mo* several Persons entitled thereto, and interested in the Cortimons and Waste ntjr‘f any* Landshereby intended to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, in such Shares as shall be in proportion to their respective Properties and Interests; and the Shares of such of them as shall be Tenants in Fee Simple shall be paid to them respectively, and the Shares of such other Proprietors of and in such Surplus Money shall be applied and disposed of in Manner directed by the said recited Act, in those Cafes where any Money is to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of ether Lauds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to beletrled to the same Uses.

164.

All trpent to t:.e I.oi'tl of the Manor.

Allotment* to the Rector.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

XVI. And be it farther enabled, That the said Commissioners shall in the next place set out, allot, and appoint unto and for the said John Christian Cur wen and his Heirs, as the Lord or Lords of the said Manor of I Workington, in One Plot or Parcel of Land, such Quantity of the said Commons and Wade Lands as shall in thcjudgment of the said Commissioners, be equal to One Fourteenth Part or Share of the said Commons and Wade Lands within or belonging to the said Manor of Workington, as shall remain after the Allotments and Appropriations hereinbefore mentioned and directed to be made for Public Highways, Quarries, and Places for watering of Cattle, and getting Gravel, and other the public Purposes hereinbefore mentioned; and the Allotment to the Rector hereinafter mentioned, in Satisfaction of the Tythes of the said Commons and Wade Lands, (but not of the old Inclosures) shall be set out and ascertained in lieu of and as a full Compensation for the Right and Intered of the said John Christian Curwen, as Lord of the said Manor, in and to the Residue of the said Commons and Wade Lands, and his Right oyer the fame (save and except as hereinafter excepted and hereby relorved to him cr them).

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall also set out, allot, and appoint to and for the said Peter How, and his Successors Rectors of the Rectory of Workington aforesaidfor the Time being, so much of the said Commons and Wade Lands within and belonging to the said Townships as shall in the Judgment of tire said Commissioners be deemed equivalent to and be a full Recompence and Satisfaction for all predial, perform!, and mixed Tythes, Great and Small, payable in Kind within the said Townships, and for all Modules, and Compositions for Tythes (if any) due or payable to the Rector of the said Rectory for the Time being (Easter Offerings, Mortuaries, and Surplice Fees only excepted), for and in Respect of the several old Inclosures and other the ancient Messuages, Lands, and Tenements already inclosed, within the said Tovnships of Jl'orkir.gtcn and Winfcalcs, and now liable or subject to the Payment of such Tythes in Kind or any of them, or of any such Modus or Compositions as aforesaid; and shall also set out, allot, and appoint to and for the said Peter How, and his Successors, Rectors of the said Rectory for the Time being, so much and such other Part of the said Commons and Wade Lands within the said Townships as shall in the Judgement of the said Commissioners be deemed equivalent to and a full Satisfaction and Recompence for all the predial, personal, and mixed Tythes, Great and Small, or any of them (Eaffer Offerings, Mortuaries, and Surplice Fees only excepted), which could or might thenceforth arise and grow due to the said Rector as aforesaid out of or from the several Allotments, to be made of the said Open Commons or Waste Lands within or belonging to the said Manor and Townships, to the said John Christian Curwen and tljie several Proprietors or Persons entitled thereto, and who would have been liable to the Payment of Tythes in respect thereof, provided that the said Allotment to be made to the said Rector as aforesaid on account of the Tythe’s of the said several old Inclosures and other the ancient Messuages, Lands, and Tenements already inclosed within the said Manor, shall be taken out of and deducted from the several Shares or Allotments which the respective Proprietors of the fame Premises would be entitled to, in a due and fair Proportion, according to the Value at which the said Tythes Modules, and Compositions, and other Ecclesiastical Dues and Payments (except as aforesaid) for and in respect of die several old Inclosures, and the

49° GEORGII III. Cap.q. 165

the said ancient Messuages, Lands, and Tenements already inclosed, of each Person entitled to any Allotment or Allotments in respect thereof, shall be estimated and ascertained by the said Commissioners, lb that each Person’s Allotment shall be less and abate in the Proportion above mentioned, in order to makeup the (irft-mentioned Allotment to the said Rector as aforesaid.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the outermost Re.-t0r'* or King-fences which shall inclose the Allotment or Allotments to be

set out and allotted unto and for the said Rector as aforesaid, and fJnct0. which shall not be liable or directed to be repaired by the Owners of the Lands adjoining thereto, shall by the said Comrmiihoners be first made well and sufficiently and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall direct, the Charges and Expences whereof shall be collected, raised, and paid by Owners of Allotments upon the said Commons and Wade Lands, so far as relates thereto, in the same Manner as the public Charges and Expences of the Divisions of the said Commons and Wade Lands are hereby directed to be raised and paid, regard being had to the Proportion or Value of Tv the s chargeable against or due from each respective Towndiip. or the Common respectively allotted therefrom to the Rector; but that all the said Fences shall after the fird making and erecting thereof, at all Times for ever thereafter, be maintained, repaired, perfervtd, and kept in good and fudicient Repair, by and at the Expence of the said Rector and his Successors, or his or their Lellees, or Tenants, and deducted from the several Shares or Allotments which the respective Proprietors of the Messuages, Lands, and Tenements subject thereto would be entitled to, in'a due and fair Proportion according to the Value at which the said Impropriate Tythes, for and in respeef of the several Fre-mises of each Person entitled to any Allotment or Allotments in respect thereof, shall be estimated and ascertained by the said Commissioners, so that each Person’s Allotment shall be less and abate in the Proportion above mentioned, in order to make up the whole of the aforesaid Allotments to the said John Christian Cur-wen and Thomas Harrison respectively, as they may be entitled as aforesaid; provided also, that before any such Allotment or Allotments respectively shall be made by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, the respective Proprietor or Proprietors in Possessk.n, his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, of each respective old Inclosure or ancient Messuage, Lands, and Tenements subject to such Impropriate Tythes, shall signify his, her, or their Consent and Approbation that such Allotment or Allotments respectively shall be set out, allotted, and appointed in lieu of or in Commutation for the said Impropriate Tythes as aforesaid.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and AlLtmmnof they are hereby required to ftt out, by Marks and Bounds, and allot 1 '• Ktl»"ue. in Severalty, the Residue of the said Commons and Wade Lands (after the several Allotments and Appropriations herein-before directed shall be made, unto and amongst the said John Christian Cur-wen, for and in respect of the capital and other Messuages, Mills, Demesnes and other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments within the said Manor and Townships, and to the said Mary Bowman, Thomas Harrison,

ITilliam Fisher, and the several other Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, intitled to Right of Common, or other Right or Interest upon'the said Commons and vYafle Lan Is, or any of them, or any Part thereof, according to |Ler. is? Per.J T t ’ the

i66

Exceptions of Mineral* in the Valuation of the Allotment.

Encroachment* to be deemed t ait of the Common.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. cj.

the true and actual Value of the several Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in respect whereof they are reflectively entitled to Right of Common, or other Right or Interest as aforesaid, such Value to be ascertained in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall in their Judgment think just and equitable.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Mines of Coal, Lead, Copper, Iron, or other Mines, Minerals, and Metals, nor any Stones, Slates and Clay, lying under any of the Allotments of the said Commons and Waste Lands, to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be taken into the Valuation of such Allotment, it being intended that all Mines, Veins and Seams of Coal, Lead, Copper, and Iron, and all other Mines, Minerals and Metals, Stones, Slates, and Clay whatsoever within or under the whole of the said Commons and Waste Lands, (the Quarries to be set out for the respective Purpol'es aforesaid, and the Use thereof, only excepted,) shall be and hereby are expressly reserved to the Lord or Lords of the said Manor respectively for the time being.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments taken or made from or on any Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands within Thirty Years before the passing of this Act, shall be deemed Part and Parcel of the said Commons and Waste Lands respectively from or on which the same are respectively taken in or made, and shall be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act; provided nevertheless, that all such Encroachments shall be allotted to the Person or Persons who shall at the Time of making the Allotments be in Possession of such Encroachments, or in Receipt of the Rents or Profits thereof, as the whole, if sufficient for that Purpose, or if not then in Part of the Share or Allotment of the said Commons or Waste Lands to which such Person or Persons will be entitled by virtue of this Act, and which in making such Allotment shall be estimated according to the Value of the Land or Ground so taken or encroached upon, and without considering the Value of any Erections, Buildings or Plantations thereon; and if the Person or Persons who shall be in Possession of such Encroachments, or in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof, shall be entitled to no Allotment, or to an Allotment not equal to the Value of such Encroachment, but shall be willing to purchase the fame, then the salt! Commissioners shall ascertain the Price thereof, or of such Part as shall exceed the Value of the Allotment to be made to such Possessor or Possessors thereof in respect of his or their other Property, on ascertaining of which Value the said Commissioners shall not estimate the Buildings, Plantings, or other Improvements thereon j and upon such Person or Persons paying such Price thereof to the said Commissioners at such Time or Times as they shall for that Purpose appoint, the said Commissioners shall give and sign their Receipt or Receipts for the fame, and on giving or signing such Receipt or Receipts, every such Encroachment, or such Part thereof as shall be so purchal'ed, shall thereupon be and become veiled in such Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, and his and their respective Heirs and Assigns in Fee Simple without any further or any other Conveyance, Assurance, Instrument, or Writing whatsoever; and the said Commissioners shall apply the Purchase Money toarife thereby as Part of the Monies to beraifedfor defraying the General Expences of this Act; provided, that if the Person or Persons who shall be in Possession of or entitled to the Rents and Profits of such

Encroachment

49° GEORGII III. Cap.g. 167

Encroachment or Encroachments shall not be willing to purchase the fame or so much thereof as shall be offered for Sale as aforesaid, on the Terms aforesaid, then the said Commissioners shall allot the Part thereof which was so to be sold to some other Person or Persons, as Part of his, her, or their Allotment or Allotments, as to the said Commissioners shall seem proper; or the said Commissioners shall and may sell the same, in the same Manner and under the fame Regulations as they are authorized to fell any Part or Parts of the said Commons and Waste Lands for defraying such Expences as herein mentioned; provided also, that all Encroachments made upon the said Commons and Waste Lands within the space of One Year immediately preceding the passing of this Act, shall be thrown open without any Recompense whatsoever to be made to the Possessor or Possessors thereof; and if any Question or Dispute shall arise touching the said Encroachments, or which of them shall be deemed to be Part or Parcel of the said Commons or Waste Lands respectively, such Disputes shall be referred to the Determination of the said Commissioners, but no such Determination shall prevent any of the Parties from trying their Rights at Law in respect to any Matter of Title to the said Encroachments. '

XXII. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the No Turf to be passing of this Act no Person or Persons whomsoever shall cut, dig, grave, dus-pare, lubvert, take or carry away any Turfs, Flacks, or Sods, or any Part of the Soil or Surface in, upon, of, or from the said Commons and Waste Lands or any Part thereof, so long as the same shall lie open and uninclosed (except the Lord of the Manor for the Time being in exercise of his Liberties and Privileges, and the other Parties in the Use of the Public Quarries and Places for getting Gravel as herein-before mentioned), until the same shall be set out and allotted as aforesaid, without the Leave or Licence of the said Commissioners in Writing under their Hands first had and obtained.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Sheep or Lambs shall be No sbcrp or kept or depastured in any of the said Allotments from the Time such lo he

Allotments are flaked out, and for the space of Five Years after signing A^imenti* the Award of the said Commissioners, unless the Owners or Occupiers {°r thereof shall at their own Expence fence and effectually guard the young A»Id t» f Quickset Hedges on every Side of the Allotments where such Sheep and ?cuted, wept Lambs shall be kept; and if any such Person shall neglect to fence and effectually guard such Quickset Hedges as aforesaid, the Person or Persons w o shall f iftain any Injury or Damage from such Neglect may bring his or their Action or Actions at Law for the Damages actually sustained, or may apply to some Justice of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, not interested in the Premises, who shall examine thereinto in a luminary Way, and by his Order in Writing adjudge what Sum of Money ft)..11 be paid in Recompence and Satisfaction f r such Damage, and in case the same shall not be paid within the Time by such Order to be directed and appointed, the same shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Defaulter’s Goods, for which Purpose the said Justice is hereby authorized and required to grant his Warrant.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all Allotments to be made of AlUromt* the said Commons and Waste Lands shall be and become Estates of Free- r-.-ia-

l i,j iron* so t>«

hold

i63 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 9.

0*ert nay

ifil their A‘l< tmsnts p« lor to tlis Execution of the Award,

H w Allot-

ol'fii'h's.ile^ at any Time before the Execution of the said Award hare fold or agreed *t* t.; b dif- to fell his or their Right, Interest, and Property in over or upon the said poke ot. Commons and Waste Lands, to any other Person or Persons, the said

Commissioners are hereby authorized and required to make an Allotment of Land unto the Purchaser under every such Sale or Agreement, or to his, her or their Heirs or Assigns, as convenient to any other Allotment or Estate of such Purchaser as reasonably may be, for or in respect of such Right, Interest, and Property so fold or agreed to be sold as aforesaid; and every such Purchsfer, his Heirs or Assigns, shall and may from and after the Execution of the said Award hold and enjoy the said Land so to be allotted to him or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Vendor in every such Sale or Agreement might or could have held and enjoyed the fame in case such Sale had not been made.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to set out, allot, and award to the said John Christian Curwen, as Lord of the Manor of Workington, so much of the said Commons and Waste Lands as shall in the Judgment of the said Commissioners be deemed equivalent to and be a full Recompence and Satisfaction for and in lieu of and exchange for the enfranchising any Copyhold or Customary Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Parcel or reputed Parcel of the said Manor of I Workington, and for the Rents, Fines, Dues, Duties and Services due from the same, so as that the said Customary Meffua-ges, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so to be enfranchised, shall be held as Freehold Lands, freed and discharged of and from all and all Manner of Yearly and other Payments, Copyhold or Customary Rents, Fines,

Dues,

Powr?r to ec-

Ir.iochife the Curtomary Tenement* i.ir Common.

hold in the several and respective Persons, Bodies Politic and Corpornrer to or for whom the same shall be set out, allotted, and assigned respectively as aforesaid, but subject and without Prejudice to the Rights of the Lords of the said Manor for the time being hereby reserved to him and them.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons who shall or may be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments in or upon the said Commons or Waste Lands by virtue of this Act, or who shall be Owners or Proprietors of any Common Right or other Right upon the said Commons or Waste Lands, to give, grant, bargain, fell, demise, mortgage, limit, convey, and dispose of the fame for all or any Part of his, her, or their Estate or Interest therein or Right thereto, either separate and distinct from or along with any Estate in Right of which he or she is entitled to the fame, at any Time before the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, and every such Gift, Grant, Bargain, Sale, Demise, Mortgage, Limitation, Conveyance, and Disposition thereof, shall be of the fame Force and Validity as if the fame were made after the Execution of the said Award; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to award each such Allotment so sold or disposed of, or set out in lieu of any Common Right, or other Right so sold or disposed of, on its being satisfactorily proved to the said Commissioners that such Sale or Disposition shall have been really and bond Jide made and completed to the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof, or other Person or Persons entitled to the fame by virtue of any such Sale or Disposition; and if any Person or Persons shall

49° GEORGII III. Cap. g. i69

Dues, Duties and Services or Customs whatsoever due or to become due to the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for or in respect of such Customary or Copyhold Messuage or Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be so enfranchised as aforesaid, laving, excepting, and reserving to the said John Christian Curwen, and the Lord or Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, all Mines of Coal, Lead, Copper, Tin, Iron, and all gther Mines, Minerals, Ores, Stones, Foffils and Quarries of what Nature or Kind soever, with full Power of searching for, winning and working the fame, and also for taking, leading, and carrying away the fame, and also all Suits of Court, fishing, hunting, hawking and fowling, and all Bealls and Birds considered as Game, in ,over and upon the several Estates so to be enfranchised, and also all other Royalties, Liberties, Privileges, Franchises and Appurtenances whatsoever, Powers, Privileges and Authorities to do or execute any necessary Acts or Things for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, in the fame and as ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as they are now held, used, taken and enjoyed, or have been heretofore held, used, taken and enjoyed by the present or any former Lord or Lords of the said Manor, as he, she, or they, or any of them might or could have held, used, exercised and enjoyed the fame, had such Enfranchisement or Enfranchisements, or this Act, never been made; provided that the said Allotment or Allotments to be made to the said John Christian Curwen as Lord of the Manor as aforesaid, on account of the said Enfranchisement, shall be taken out of and deducted from the several Shares or Allotments which the respective Proprietors of the said Customary or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments would be entitled to in a due and fair Proportion, according to the Value of the Rents, Fines, Dues, Duties, Services, and other the Claims of the said John Christian Curwen, as Lord of the Manor aforesaid, so to be Enfranchised, such Value to be ascertained as is usual in such Cases, so that each Person’s Allotment shall be less and abate in the Proportion before-mentioned, in order to make up the several Allotments to the said John Christian Curwen as aforesaid; provided also, that before any such Allotment or Allotments respectively shall be made by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, the said John Christian Curwen, or the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being, and the respective Proprietor or Proprietors in Possession, his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians of each respective Customary or Copyhold Messuage, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, shall signify his, her, or their Consent and Approbation in Writing that such Allotment or Allotments respectively shall be set out, allotted and appointed in lieu of or in exchange for such Enfranchisement as aforesaid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners to set out, allot, and award any Lands, Tenements, or madt. Hereditaments whatsoever within the Townships of Workington and WinJet] les, and Manor of Workington aforesaid, or any or either of them in lieu of and in Exchange for any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Townships or Manor, or within any adjoining Parish, Manor, Township, Division, Hamlet, or Place; provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners,

\_Loc. fs* Per. j U u Proprietor

170

Costs of changes and Par:; :ion show to be made.

Proprietors Expences at Meetii'^Nfobe paid by Uuir.

Leases at

R.ck Rent to be vo’d as to the Common.

In rafe the Money raisid by Sale of Common, be not fuflici* nt< to pay the Ex-prno-6, the Deficiency to be nnife good by AiteH'm.nt,

49° GEORGII III. Cdp.Q.

Proprietor or Proprietors shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years deter-mirtable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Uses, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Proprietors or Owners as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise di fabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consent to be testified in Writing under the Common Seal of the Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; provided nevertheless, that no Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, shall be made without the Consent, testitied as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall be situate: Provided always, that all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending the making and completing any Exchanges and Partitions, shall be paid and borne by the several Persons making such Exchanges or Partitions, in such Manner and in such Proportions as the said Commissioners shall by their said Award order and direct; and that the said Proprietors, their Attornies or Agents, shall pay their own E a pences when they or any of them shall attend the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Leafeand Leases, and other Agreements at Rack Rent, affecting all or any Part of the Commons or Waste Lands by virtue of this Act and the said recited Act intended to be divided and inclosed or exchanged, shall cease, determine, and be void as to such Commons and Waste Lands, on such respective Days and Times as the said Commissioners shall order and appoint, the respective Lessors or Landlords in such Leases or Agreements having first paid or tendered such Satisfaction to the respective Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, as the said Commissioners shall ascertain as reasonable to be paid to such Lessee or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants, on account- thereof, or as an Equivalent for the fame: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to avoid any Agreement or Engagement already made between Landlord and Tenant in contemplation ofaDivifionorlnclosure of the said Commons and Waste Lands, or relating thereto: Provided also, that if there shall be any Lease of Lands, Part of which shall lie in the said Townships of Winfcates and Workington, or either of them, and Part in any adjoining Parish or Township, all and every such Lease or Leases upon Rack Rent now subsisting may be vacated, but where any Land shall have been taken in Exchange, which Land shall be under Lease, and situate in an adjoining Parish or Township, the Lease of such last-mentioned Land shall not be vacated.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Purchase Money to arise by Sale of the Land, Part of the said Commons and Waste Lands hereinbefore directed to be set out and fold, shall not be sufficient to answer and pay the General Expences of this Act as hereinbefore mentioned, then 9 - . the

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i7l

the Residue of such Expences shall be paid and defrayed by the respective Persons who shall have Allotments on the said Commons and Wa fie Lands set out or allotted to them respectively, according to an Assessment or Assessments to be made upon them respectively by the said Commissioners for that Purpose, in proportion to the Values whereby the said Commons and Waste Lands shall be so respectively allotted to them; and that all the Sums of Money charged and made payable by such Assessment s respectively, or any of them, shall and may be raised, levied, or recovered by the said Commissioners in the same Manner, and with such Remedies by Distress, and by Sale of such Distress, and with such Interest, Colls, and Charges, and as folly and completely in every Respect as is directed for levying Charges and Expences attending Inclosures, and obtaining Inclosure Acts, and carrying the fame into Execution in or by the said recited Act.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Money shall be For paying

advanced or paid by any Person or Persons for defraying any of the Ex- on

pences of soliciting, applying for, obtaining or passing this Act, or in or v.mccl* about the Execution of any of the Pov/ers or Authorities given hereby, or

by the said recited Act, or the carrying the Division or Inclosure of the said Commons and Wade Lands into effect, or in any Manner relative thereto, the said Money shall be repaid with lawful Interest out of the first Money to be raised by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That Once at lead in every Year Commission-

during the Execution of this Act, such Year to be computed from the Day Account* of the passing thereof, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby re- fore a justice quired to make a true and just Statement or Account of all Monies by them every

received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expends in the Execution of this Act, and such Statement or Account when so

made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be by them laid before William Hoodlcfs, of Workington in the said County of Cumberland,

Gentleman, who is hereby appointed Auditor of the said Commissioners Accounts, or otherwise before one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Cumberland, not interested in the said Division and Inclosure, to be by them or one of them examined and balanced, and such Balance shall be by such Auditor or Justice Hated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk of the said Commissioners, and no Charge or Item in such Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Auditor or Juiiice.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Allowing an think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any thing done in pur- QaSner'’ * fuance of this Act or the said recited Act, other than and except such De- Setlions. terminations as are by this Act or the said recited Act declared to be binding, final, and conclusive, and except in such Cases where an Issue at Law shall be tried as hereinbefore mentioned, then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the said County of Cumberland within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioners, or any one of them, and to the Party or Parties concerned, Fourteen Days Notice in writing of such Appeal and the Matter thereof, and the Justices not interested in the Premises, in such

Sessions

If2

Not to prt'tv-dice the •Lora's Rights.

iteferving. Mines See-snd Power to win them-

4.9' GEORGII III< Cap. 9*

SeiTiotts assembled, are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of any such Appeal, and to make such Order therein, and to award such Costs, and Damages, as to them Hi all seem reasonable, and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties made liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus, if any, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducing the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and every Order and Determination of the said Justices upon every such Appeal shall be final and condusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; and in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without Foundation, then the said Justices shall and they are hereby required to award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them shall seem reasonable, and which Costs shall be levied in Manner aforesaid j provided that the said Justices in their said General Quarter Sessions shall not by any Order or Orders oh any such Appeal, alter, impeach, prejudice, or disturb any Allotment or Allotments which shall have been before fold or conveyed by the said Commissioners under the Authority of this or the said recited Act, or the Allotment or Allotments of any Person or Persons to whom such Notice of Appeal as is hereinbefore mentioned shall not have been previously given.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed or adjudged to defeat, lessen, or prejudice the Right, Title, or Interest of the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being, of, in, or to the Seignories or Royalties, Franchises, and Liberties incident and belonging to the said Manor, but the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being shall at all Times for ever hereafter have, hold, take, and enjoy all Rents, Fines, Suits, and Services, fishing, hunting, hawking, and fowling, and all Beasts and Birds considered as Game, and all other Royalties, Liberties, Privileges, Franchises, Jurisdictions, and Appurtenances whatsoever (except such as arc expressly taken away by this Act), in the fame and as ample a Manner to all Intents and Purposes as they are now held, taken, and enjoyed, or have been heretofore held, used, taken and enjoyed by the present or any former Lord or Lords of the said Manor, or as he or they or any of them might or could have held, used, exercised, and enjoyed the fame, had this Act or the said recited Act not been made.

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That, notwithstanding the Division and Inclosure hereby authorized to be made, the Lord of the said Manor for the Time being shall for ever hereafter be deemed and taken to be Owner or Owners of all the Mines of Coal, Lead, Copper, Tin, Iron, and all other Mines, Minerals, Ores, Stones, Foflils, and Quarries of what Nature or Kind soever within or under the several and respective Parts of the said Commons or Waste Lands hereby intended to be divided and inclosed as aforesaid, as well those not opened as those already opened, and shall have full Power and authority of searching for, winning, and working the fame; and also full Power and Authority to use and exercise all convenient Ways, Wayleaves, and Liberties of laying, making, and repairing Waggonways or other Ways in, over, and along

the

49° GEORG 11 ill* C&pi 9* 173

the said Commons and Waste Lands, and the several Allotments thereof for the searching for, winning, and working the said Mines, Minerals, and Quarries; and also for the taking, leading, and carrying away, as well the Coal, Lead, Copper, Tin, Iron, or other Metals, Mines and Minerals, Stones, Slates, Clay, and Foffils to be gotten in or under the said Commons and Waste Lands, or to be gotten in, under or within the said Manor of Workington, or any Part thereof respectively, cr either of them, and of making Pits, Shafts, Pit-rooms, Heap-rooms, Drifts, Levels, and Water-courses, and erecting and using Fire Engines and other Engines, and all other Matters and Things now in use or hereafter to be invented for the working, wanning, taking, and leading, carrying away, and other Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, in, upon, through, over, or along the said Commons and Waste Lands, and the respective Allotments thereof, and all other Powers, Privileges, and Authorities to do or execute any necessary Acts or Things, for all or any of the Purposes aforesaid, in and over the fame, in such and the like Manner as if this Act had not been made.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time after the said For Set,'lBS Division and Inclosure shall have been made by virtue of this Act, the said John Christian Curzten, or any Owner or Owners of the said Coal, Lead,

Copper, Tin, or other Metal, Ores, Mines, or Minerals, Stone,

Slate, Clay, or Foffils, or their Lessees, Farmers, or Tenants, Servants, or Workmen respectively, shall enter upon or make Use of any Allotment or Allotments of the said Commons and Waste Lands by this Act directed to be inclosed for the Purposes of winning and procuring or getting the said Coal, Lead, Copper, Tin, Iron, or other Metal, Ores, Mines, or Minerals,

Stones, Slate, Clay, or Foffils, or other Royalties, or for laying or storing the fame when got, or the Rubbish or ether Produce of the said Mines or Works, or for erecting Fire-Engines or other Engines and Buildings, or for laying or continuing any Waggonways or other Ways, or Roads, or making any other Works above Ground for the Purposes or for using or exercising any Power or Authority above Ground hereby given, saved, and reserved to the said Lord of the said Manor for the Time being, or their Lessees,

Farmers, or Tenants respectively, in or about working, winning, digging, raising, or carrying away the said Coal, Lead, Tin, Copper, Metals, Ores,

Mines, or Minerals, Stones, Slates, Clay, or Foffils, or otherwise relative thereto, or in the fame Manor of Workington, the said Lord or Lords for the Time being, or his or their Lessees or Tenants respectively, shall make Satisfaction for any Damage or Injury which shall or may be dene in the working, winning, digging, raising, or carrying away the said Coal,

Lead, Tin, Copper, Metals, Ores, Mines or Minerals, Stones, Slates,

Clay, or Foffils, to the Person or Persons, Body cr Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, sustaining such Damage or Injury.

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respective Owners of Allotments of the said Commons and Waste Lands to dig for and getFreeftone, Limeftor.e and Clay in their respective Allotments, and to apply the fame for the Purposes of improving their respective Messuages, Buildings, Walls, Fences, or Lands within the said Manor of Workington, or erecting new Buildings, Walls or Fences thereon, and to make Bricks and Tiles of the said Clay for the Purposes aforesaid, but not to use the said Freeftone, Limestone and Clay elsewhere [Lor. fs’fV.J X >s or

EmpowtrinJ

Owners of

Allotments to y(e ceitiin Materials lor i|Ti|>rbvins their E'.tatrs-

174 49° GEORGII III. Cap.§.

or on any other Lands than within the said Manor and Townships, or to make any Sale, Gift, Exchange, or other Disposition thereof whatsoever than as aforesaid, but so as that the taking or raising of such Freeltone, Limestone, and Clay for the Purposes aforesaid, do in no wife prejudice Mines or Works that now are or hereafter shall be wrought or carried on by the Lords of the said Manor for the Time being, or their Lessees, Servants or Workmen, in or upon any Part of the said Commons and

Genual Waste Lands to be inclosed by virtue of this Act.

Saving.

XXXVIL Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all and every other Person and Persons, and Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors and Administators (except the several Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, to whom any Allotments shall be made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, for and in respect of such Rights and Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed and extinguished, and all'Persons respectively claiming under them, or in Remainder after them,) all such Right, Ertate, Title and Interest, as they, every or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed of, in, to or in Respect of the Lands hereby directed to be divided and allotted in case this Act had not been passed,

[Publick Act.]

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

<Mt*iM

Cap. io.

An Act for amending so much of an Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, for building and keeping in Repair the Pier at Sheerness, in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, as relates to the said Pier.

[24th March 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Forty-first Year of the Reign

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for building a Pier at 41O.3-c.s4. Sheerness, in the Isle of Sheppy, in the County of Kent, for ascertaining, imposing, and recovering certain Duties for the supporting, maintaining and keeping in Repair the said Pier, for paving, repairing, cleansing, lighting, watching, watering and improving the Highways, Streets, Lanes, andtother public fajftges and Places within that part of the Partfh of Minster in the said Isle of Sheppy ('which iicth near his Majesty's Dock Yard and Garrison o/\Sheerness j called Blue Town and Mile Town, and for preventing Huifances, Annoyances and Obfiruclions therein: And whereas a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed, and is now due and owing, and several Annuities have been granted upon the Credit of the Rates, Duties and Assessments granted by the said recited Act, and the Rates, Duties and Affefiinents granted by the said recited Act have been found inadequate to the Payment of the Interest of such Money, the said Annuities, and the necessary Charges and Expences of maintaining and keeping in Repair the said Pier;

[Lee. £5* Per.] Ty and

178

Powers of (h former Act continuet! as far a regards the Pier.

Rates ind Dutie-granted by the form.- let 1 c pealed,

Particular Dutiei directed to be pa:d.

Duties on Exports and Imports.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 1 o.

and the said recited Act has been found in some Points defective, and if is necessary that the fame should be altered and amended j May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the Kings most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, c and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Rates, Duties, Clauses, Powers, Exemptions, Rules, Remedies, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Matters and Things whatsoever therein contained, as relate to the repairing and keeping in Repair the said Pier (save and except such Parts of the same as are herein altered, varied or repealed) shall be and the fame is and are hereby declared to be in full force and efteft for carrying this Act into execution, in as full, ample, and beneficial Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, whatsoever, as if the fame had been repeated and and re-enacted in the Body of this Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the Rates and Duties granted and made payable by the said recited Act, upon the Importation or Exportation, lading or unlading, taking on board or discharging at or from the said Pier of any Corn, Grain or Seeds, Beer or other Goods, Wares or Merchandize, Baggage, Parcels or Passengers, Coals, Culm, Splint, Coke or Cinder, or other Article whatsoever, shall be and the same are hereby repealed and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted, That every Mailer of every Ship, Hoy, or other Vessel, Boat or other Craft, who shall lade or unlade, take od board or discharge at or from the said Pier any Corn, Grain or Seeds, or any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, Baggage, Parcels or Passengers, passed, passing, or to pass from Port to Port within this Realm, or passed, passing, or to pass from or to any Place within the same Port wherein the Pier is situated, shall pay for every Twenty Quarters of Wheat, Meal, Rye, Barley, Pease, Beans, Tares, Mullard Seed, Canary Seed, and Seeds of every Denomination To laden or unladen there, Nine Pence j and for every Twenty Quarters of Malt or Oats, Four Pence Halfpenny, and so at and after the said Rate for a greater or less Quantity than Twenty Quarters; and for all Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Baggage, Parcels and Passengers, lb laden or unladen, taken on board or discharged at or from the said Pier, every f«ch Mailer shall pay the Sum of Sixpence in every Twenty Shillings on the Amount of the Freight upon or in regard of the Freight of all such Goods, Wares and Merchandize, Baggage and Parcels, and upon the Fare of all such Passengers, and so in proportion for every Sum less than Twenty Shillings.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Mailer of every Ship, Hoy or other Vessel, who shall lade or unlade, take on board or discharge at or from the said Pier any Corn, Grain or Seeds, or any Beer, or any other Goods, Wares or Merchandize, or any Baggage, Parcels or Passengers, coming from or to be transported or carried to any Port beyond the Seas, shall pay in regard of his Freight, for every Twenty Quarters of Wheat, Meal, Rye, Ikrley, Pease, Beans, Tares, Mullard Seed, Canary Seed and Seeds of every Denomination, so laden or unladen there, coming from or to be transported or carried to Parts beyond the Seas, the Sum of One Shilling and One Penny Halfpenny, and so at and after the said Rate for any

179

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

any greater or less Quantity than Twenty Quarters; and for every Twenty Quarters of Malt or Oats, Sixpence Three Farthings, and so at and after the said Rate for any greater or less Quantity than Twenty Quarters; and for all such Beer or other Goods, Wares and Merchandize, and for all such Baggage, Parcels and Passengers, so laden or unladen, taken on board or discharged there, coming from or to be transported or carried to Parts beyond the Seas, every such Master shall pay in regard of his Freight as aforesaid, the Sum of Sixpence in every Twenty Shillings on the Amount of the Freight.

V. And, to prevent Frauds, it is hereby enacted, That all such Mailers of Ships, Floys or other Vessels, Boats or other Craft, shall be liable to the said Duties, according to the usual Freight of each Article, and according to the usual Fare of Passengers, whether they shall respectively charge such Freight or Fare or not.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Merchant or other Person whomsoever owning and lading or unlading, or importing or exporting, or receiving, fending or consigning by Water from or to any Port or Place in Parts beyond the Seas, or any Port or Place within the United Kingdom, or to or from any Place, Ship, Veil’d or other Craft, within the same Port wherein the said Pier is situated, any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Baggage, Parcels or other Article whatsoever (except Coals, Culm, Splint, Coke or Cinder), at or from the said Pier, shall pay towards the Purposes of this Act the several Rates and Duties mentioned in the Table or Schedule to this Act annexed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners acting in the execution of the said recited Act and of this Act, or their Successors, or any Five or more of them, to ascertain and fix such reasonable Rates and Duties to be paid upon the lading or unlading, importing or exporting, or receiving, fending, or consigning by Water at or from the said Pier from or to any Port or Place in Parts beyond the Seas, or any Port or Place within the United Kingdom, or to or from any Place, Ship, Vessel or other Craft within the same Port wherein the said Pier is situated, of any Article or Commodity not specified or enumerated in the said Table or Schedule hereunto annexed (except Coals, Culm, Splint, Coke or Cinder) in proportion to the several Rates and Duties therein specified, as they shall think fit, such Rates ana Duties not being in any Case more than at and after the Rate of One Penny in the Hundred Weight on such Article or Commodity, which Rates and Duties, whenfo fixed and ascertained by the said Commissioners or their Successors or any Five or more of them, shall be confulered as good, valid, and effectual, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame had been enumerated in this Act, or in the Table or Schedule hereunto annexed.

VIII. And, for the better securing, levying, and collecting, and preventing F.vafion of the several Rates and Duties hereby imposed on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, Baggage, Parcels and Passengers, and other Things imported or exported into or from the said Towns, or brought or received feftt or consigned by Water at or from the said Pier into or from the said Towns, from or unto any Port or Place in Parts beyond the Seas, or any Port or Place within the United Kingdom, or to or from any Place, Ship, Vessel or other Craft within the same Port wherein

" the

Du tie* payable according to the usual Freight or Fare.

Other Rate* contained in the Schedule annexed.

Commission* ert to fix Ratei on Articles, not specified in the Schedule.

Goods, &c. to be landed and shipped at and from the Pier only.

i8o 49° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

the said Pier is situated; be it enacted, That from henceforth all Goods' Wares and Merchandize, Baggage, Parcels, and Passengers, or other Things imported or exported into or from the said Towns, or brought or received, sent or consigned by Water at or from the said Pier into or from the said Towns, from or unto any Port or Place in Parts beyond the Seas, or any Port or Place within the United Kingdom, or to or from any Place, Ship, Vessel or other Craft within the same Port wherein the said Pier is situated, shall only be landed or flapped at and from the said Pier; and if any Person or Persons shallland or flap any such Goods, Wares or Merchandize, Baggage, Parcels or Passengers, or other Things, except at and from the said Pier, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay (over and above the several Rates and Duties by this Act imposed) for every such Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

Power for

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the the Commis- said Commissioners or any Ten or more of them, from time to time at <!uce the° any public Meeting to be held for executing the said recited Act and

Rates. this Act (and of which Meeting and the Intention thereat to reduce

or raise the Rates and Duties payable at the said Pier, Fourteen Days Notice shall have been given in some public Newspaper, circulated in the Eastern Division of the said County of Kent, and by affixing the fame at the said Pier) to lessen and reduce the Rates and Duties hereby made payable at the said Pier, or any of them, and again to raise the fame when it shall be necessary, so as the fame Rates and Duties or any of them be not so raised to a greater or higher Sum in the respect of any Goods, Wares or Merchandize, Passengers, Article, Matter or Thing, than are hereby granted and made payable.

Exemption, X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Majesty s Act contained shall be meant or intended to extend or be construed to Commander, be meant or intended to extend to charge with the Payment of any of *• the Duties herein and hereby imposed and made payable, any Mailer or

Commander of any of His Majesty's Ships, Vessels, Boats or other Craft, or of any other Vessel, Boat or Craft whatsoever, or any Person whomsoever, as Merchant, Owner, Receiver, Coufignee or Consignor, for or in respect of any Stores, Goods, Merchandize, Baggage, Parcels or Passengers, laden or unladen, taken on board or discharged at any Pier, Dock or other Place within the said Dock Yard or Garrison, by or under die Directions of His Majesty's Admiralty, Navy, Ordnance, Victualling, Transport or other Public Boards for the Public Service; but that all and every such Ship or Vessel, Boat or other Craft, laden either wholly or in part as aforesaid, and all and every Passenger or Passengers on board the fame, shall and may lade or unlade, take on board or discharge all or any Part of their said Cargoes or Passengers at any such Pier, Dock or other Place within the said Dock Yard or Garrison; any thing herein or in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwith-' ' (landing.

Further Ex-

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act cmpti*ns. contained shall be meant or intended to extend or be construed to be meant or intended to extend to charge with the Payment of any of the Duties herein and hereby imposed and made payable, any Mailer of any Vessel, Boat or Craft whatsoever, or any Person whomsoever, as Merchant, Owner, Receiver, Consignee or Consignor, for or in respect of v:i II any

49° GEORGII in. Cap. 10. t$i

dtiy Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Baggage or Parcel, which shall be the bond jide Property of, or be shipped by or cflnsigned or add reded to any Officer, Clerk or other Person in the Service or Employ of any of yis Majesty's Public Boards or Department's (except as hereinafter is excepted), or who shall beresident in the said Dock Yard or Garrison as art Inhabitant or Commorant thereof, which shall be laden or unladen, put on board or discharged, at any such Pier, Dock or dther Place within the said Dock Yard or Garrison; nor to prevent anyJ Officer, Clerk;

Paffetiger or other Person, belonging to or dh: board of or going to any

of His Majesty's Ship's’of War or other Vessels,- Boats or other Craft,

from passing and repassing with their Servants, Baggage and Parcels, such-

Baggage and Parcels not being for the Purposes of Trade dr Merchandize#

to and from such Ships of War or other Vessels, Boats or other Craft, or to and from any Port or Place whatsoever, and any ffich Pier, Ddck •>- '

or other Place within the said Dock Yard or Garrison; but that all and-

every such Persons as last aforesaid shall and may at all Times so pass-and-

repass free from and discharged of all or any of the Duties herein and-

hereby or in the said recited Act imposed and made payable; any thing

herein or in the said recited Act contained to the contrary -' notwith-

standing.

XII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That nothing in Exemptions

this Act or in the said recited Act contained shall be meant or intended J1®1cx‘ to extend dr be construed to be meant or intended to extend to ekempt peTfons re. from the Payment of the said Duties hereby imposed any Mast^fer Chm- Tiding and mander of any Ship, Vessel, Boat or other-Craft lading or unlading, Traded°n taking on board or discharging- at or from any Pier, Dock or other the fi*id Place within the said Dock Yard or Garrison, any Goods, Wards or' ^MOarTHba Merchandizes, which shall be shipped by or consigned or addressed to any such Person or Persons as aforesaid in the Service or Employ of any of the said Public Boards or Departments, whether residing in or out or the said Dock Yard or Garrison, or shipped determined by or consigned or addressed to any Person or Persons not in such' Service or Employ, but residing or commorant within the said Dock Yard or Garrison, in the way of Trade, Dealing or Merchandize carried on by him her or them, or by any Person or Persons residing in his, her, or their Dwelling House or Dwelling fioufes, for the private Benefit of himself, herself, or themselves, or others 1 in or out of the said Dock Yard or Garrison; or to exempt from the Payment of the said Duties hereby imposed the Merchant,

Owner, Receiver, Consignee or Consignor of any such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize.

XIII. And, for increasing the said Fund, and towards making the same Du:roy , sufficient to answer the purposes of the said recited Act and this Act,

be it further enacted, That in addition to the several Duties and Impositions hereinbefore mentioned to be laid and imposed, there shall be paid for all Sorts of Coals, Culm, Splint, Coke or Cinder, which from henceforth shall be imported into or exported from the said Towns of Blue Town and Mile Town, or either of them, or be brought or received# sent or consigned by Water at or from the said Pier into or from the said Towns, or either of them, from or unto any Port or Place in Parts,

beyond the Seas, or any Port or Place within the United Kingdom, or to or from any Place, Ship, Vessel or other Craft within the same Port [I.sc. Is Per.] Z z wherein

18 j

Bower to get Materials.

Ratos made Sable for the Payment of Money borrowed

Tn cafi* of not making out Titles; or if Persons cannot be found,

Purchase Money to oe paid into the

Banks

49’ GEORGII III. Cap. ip.

wherein the said Pier is situated, by way of Imposition thereon (that is to lay: ) For such Coals, Culm, Splint, Coke or Cinder as are or shall or may be usually sold by the Chaldron, for every Chaldron thereof containing Thirty-six Bushels Winchester Measure, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or leis Quantity than a Chaldron; and for all such Coals, Culm, Splint, Coke or Cinder, as are or shall be usually sold by the Ton, for every Ton thereof containing Twenty Hundred Weight, the like Rum of One Shilling and Sixpence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Quantity than a Ton; which several Rates, Duties or Impositions respectively shall from time to time be paid to the faiu Commissioners and their Successors, or to such Person or Persons as they shall from time to time appoint.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in the said recited Act or in this Act contained, shall be meant or intended to extend or be construed to be meant or intended to extend to authorize and empower the said Commissioners, or their Surveyor or other Officer, or any oilier Person or Persons whonrsoever by their or his Appointment, to dig, gather, cart, and take away any Stones, Ballad, Sand or other Materials out of or from the Sea Beach, lying and being within the Manor of Minster in the said Isle of Sheppy, for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, without paying or tendering to the Lord of the said Manor of Minster for the time being at and after the Rate or Sum of One Shilling for every Cartload of such Materials drawn by Two Horses that shall be so dug, taken, carted and carried away; nor to empower the said Commissioners, or any of their Officers or other Persons, to take from the Shores or Beach of the said Manor, any Stones called Bowlers or Tarns Stones, useful for the burning or making into Tarras or Cement.

XV. And, for the Security of all and every such Person or Persons who shall or may have advanced and lent Money upon the Credit of the Rates, Duties and Assessments granted by the said recited Act; be it fur. ther enacted, That the Rates, Duties and Assessments granted by this Act, and also such of the Rates, Duties and Assessments granted by the said recited Act as are not hereby repealed, shall Hand charged with and be a Security for and subject and liable to the Payment of the Principal and Interest of all Money borrowed, and of all Annuities granted, and all other Monies due and owing upon the Credit of the Rates, Duties and Assessments granted by the said recited Act, in such and the like Manner as the Rates, Duties and A fle Aments granted by the said recited Act were declared to be subject to the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money borrowed or due or owing, or any Annuities granted upon the Credit thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act or of this Act, shall refuse to accept' the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments be not known or discovered,

then

49° GEORGII III. Cap. io.'

then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money

lo awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name

and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery,

to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in

the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments [describing them] subject to

the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, subject to

which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons *{}' ^ourt of

making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, chancery on

by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary

way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons

making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to

the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Caftiier or Cashiers

of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is

and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums

of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Uses the fame

is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any When any Question shall arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of touching the the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the jj*1*0^ be said recited Act or of this Act, for the purchase of any Lands, Tenements paij| the Per-or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, (ion or the Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Lands, &c. Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or oftich pih-Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have ch.ue, mall be been in possession of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in respect thereto whereof such Money shall have beenfo paid at the Time of passing this Act, according to and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the bucnh Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have etc.’ been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be (hown to the Satisfaction of the said Court tof Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied and 'disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were la * fully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to f0me Estate or Interest therein.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason The Court of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Heredita- Expmces or ments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Act or b"rcJiadf"t® of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required the ComnSf-to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the pur- boners, chafe of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be ~ lawful

184- 49° GEOJRiGL.1 III. 'Cap. 10.

lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

\ i

For paying

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of Expences. procuring and parting this Act shall be paid out of the first Monies which shall be raised by virtue of the said recited Act and this present Act.

O' i 3<t < ' . r . ' mi;.! I rJr.it

[Public Act.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

f i,• lr s.,!? .:nt ' . . v

v: . '> i i ... sr. t > "1 i.i

- i.

> d list. it tt

* * t nr it j j!.. ’ 1 j v.'

■ //.

V Mr 's’! I

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

The TABLE or SCHEDULE of Rates and Duties referred to in and by this ACT.

FOR every Quarter of Wheat, Meal, Rye, Barley, Oats, Beans, Pease, Tares, Mustard Seed, Canary Seed, and Seeds of every Denomination - For every Twenty Quarters of Malt and Oats, and so in proportion -

For every Barrel of Beer - For every other Barrel of wet or dry Goods For every empty Barrel For every Firkin of wet or dry Goods For every Ton of Wine or Sweet Oil For every Pipe of dry or wet Goods For every Puncheon For every Hogshead of dry Goods -

For every Hogshead of wet Goods -

For every great dry Vat -

For every small dry Vat -

For every Bale of Goods not exceeding 500 lbs.

D° - - D° - - not exceeding 50 lbs.

For every Pack of Wool, Yam, or Cotton, containing two-hundred and forty pounds weight -

For every smaller package of D° containing less than a Pack - For every Barrel of Train or Fish Oil ... For every small Frail, Maund, or Baiket -

For every great Maund or Basket ——

For every Piece of Ordnance, Brass, per hundred weight D° Iron, per hundred weight

For every Anchor, per hundred weight -

For every Hundred weight of Copper and Brass unwrought - For every Hundred weight of Copper and Brass wrought - For every Hundred weight of Lead -

For every Ton of Salt ——

For every One hundred of Cod, called Sized Fish D" .... the smaller fort

For every Load of Lime of 16 bushels

For every One hundred of Deal Boards -

For every One thousand of Barrel Boards or Staves

For every One hundred of Clove Boards or Battens

For every One hundred Spars, great -

D° - D° - small -

For every small Calk -

For every great Calk -

For every small Trunk, Chest, or Box ... [Lot 59s Per. j 3 A

I- *■ d.

0 3

o 4

O I

0 3 o 6

0 3

■ 1- •» 1-

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 10.

186

For every great Trunk, Chest, or Box

For every Truss, great -

D° - - small -

For every Fardel or small Parcel

For every Pocket of Hops ——

For every Bag of Hops, -

For every One thousand of Bricks -

For every One thousand of Plain Tiles or Slates For every One thousand of Top, Gutter, or Pan Tiles For every One thousand of Paving or Mathematical Tiles - For every One thousand of Paving Stones, large

D° - - ...... small -

For every Ton of Portland, Purbec, or other Stone -

For every Ton of Marble -

For every large Grindflone -

D° final I -

For every common Cart Load of Bolder Flint Stpnes For every common Cart Load of Chalkilones, rough m hewn For every Hundred Weight of Cheese - For every Sack of three bushels of Potatoes, Apples or Fears For every Barrel of Red Herrings For every 100 of Cabbages -

For every Cord of Wood -

For every One hundred of Faggots -

For every Ton of Oak, Elm or other Timber For every Malt, great -

D" - fniall -

For every One hundred weight of Iron For every Bundle of Nail Rods, per hundred weight For every Barrel of Pitch or Tar For every Hundred weight of Hemp For every Bolt of Canvas, large

D° fniall -

For every Load of Oak or Elm Boards, containing 50 solid feet -

For every One thousand of Cleft Pale For every Load of Polls and Rails, containing 20 of each Fot every Cart Load of Hoops For every Cart Load cf Laths -

For every Mil.ilone, great -

D* - - iinall

For every Tombstone -

For every - D" Marble

For every Ton of Kelp -

For every Horse -

For every Four wheeled Carriage For every Two wheeled Carriage For every Sedan Chair - . . a

£■ s d.

O 0 1

O 0 4

0 0 2

O 0 I

O 0 3

0 0 9

O 0 6

6 0 6

0 I 3

O 1 3

O I 6

0 0 9

O I 0

O 1 6

O 0 I

0 0 I

O 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 1

c 0 2

0 0 I

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 0 9

0 I O

0 0 6

0 0 if

0 0 if

0 0 3

0 0 x»

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 I 0

0 0 19

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 0 6

0 I O

0 0 6

0 I 6

0 2 6

0 I 0

0 I 6

0 2 6

0 I 6

0 I 0

49° GEORGII III. Cap. io.

187

For every Sack of five bushels of Flour For every Sack of Bran of eight bushels For every Ton of Rice -

For every Load of Hay of 36 truffes

For every Load of Straw -

For every Bushel of Onions -

1 or every Bushel of Oysters -

For every Firkin or smaller Barrel of Oysters For every Hide, Raw or Tanned

For every dozen of Goat, Calf, Sheep, or Lamb Skins For every Hundred weight of Wrought Pewter IT - - - - Old

For Hares, Pheasants, and all other Game, per head For every Butt of Beer -

D" - empty Butt -

For every Crate, large -

D" - small

For every Half Dozen Mahogany Chairs

D° - common - D° -

For every large Table -

For every small D°

For every large Stove -

For every' small D" -

For every Quarter of Beef -

For every Sheep -

For every large Hog -

For every small D°

For every large Casket of Fish For every small - D'*

For every large Hamper -

For every small - I)1

For every Ton of Chalk, Rubbish, Gravel, Ballast, or Sand For every Boat passing over Pier, whether new or old

c s. d.

0 0 I

0 0 I

0 I 0

0 I 6

0 I 0

0 0 I

0 0 I

0 0 X

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 0 z

0 0 2

0 0 9

0 0 2

0 0 8

0 0 4

0 0 9

0 0 6

0 0 j

0 0 2

0 0 4

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 0 3

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0 2

0 0 1

0 0 3

0 0 2

0 0 3

0 I 0

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 11.

An Act to continue the Term, and alter the Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from the Township of Saltney, in the County of Flint, to the Town of Flint.

[24th March 1S09. J

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for re- 28 G. 3. pairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the c• 101 Township of Saltney, in the County of Flint, to the Town cfVWut, in the said County: And whereas the Trustees appointed in o by virtue of the said Act have made great i’rogress in making and repairing the said Road, and have for that Purpose borrowed a confuierable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which (till remains due, with a conltderable Arrear of Interest, and cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted determined by the said Act be continued, and feme of the Powers of the said Act altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore please Your Majesty That it may be enacted, and be it enacted, by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament alfcm-bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all the Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things therein contained, (ex- ~rr~, n cept such as ire hereby varied, altered, or repealed,) shall be and continue Urged. [Z oc. [f Per.] 2 is in

190 49’ GEORGII III. Cap. ir.

in full Force, and be executed for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, but subject, nevertheless, to the Amendments and Alterations herein contained', and which shall commence and take Effect upon the palTing of this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be, and are hereby declared to be, subject and liable to the Payment of all the respective Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit, or on account of the said recited Act i and also of such other Sum or Sums of Money as may be borrowed for the Purposes of the said former Act, or of this Act, and of all Interest now due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

Rfpealing the H- And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act former Att so as relates to the Road within the Township of Saltney, shall be and far as relate the fame is hereby repealed, and that none of the Powers or Clauses (hi ^ofS au" ^ere'n-conta'ned extend or be construed to extend to, or in any. oe'ym° il! wife affect the said Township, but nothing herein contained shall prevent the said Trustees from continuing the present Turnpike Gates at fVepre Brook on the said Road, and collecting Tolls thereat.

General Hf. And be it enacted, That the Exemptions granted by the said Act

Exemptions, shall be, and the same are hereby repealed, and that from and after the passing of this Act no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials, for repairing of the said Road or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Parc of such Road doth lie i or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners or Occupiers thereof; or for any Corn, Grain, Meal or Malt carrying to or from any Mill within the Diltance of One Mile from the said Road, for the Owner or Owners’ Use, and not for Sale; or for any Horse or Cattle drawino- or carrying to Chester Market any Corn or Grain threlhed, winnowed, and cleaned, being the actual Produce of Lands in any of the Townships through which the said Road palfes, or the actual Produce of Lands in the Townships of Sbotton, Act on, Mancott, The Manor, Rake, or Moor-or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or gorng empty to carry or convey or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in earning or conveying, any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Comport, or Manure employed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any Horses or Cattle going to, or returning from Pallure, or Watering Places; or going to be. or returning from bein<* Ihoed or famed •, or from any Person going to or returning from hi° proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worfhin' tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes;

or

4-9° GEORGII III. Cap. ii. i9i

or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person; or upon other, his Parochial or Ministerial Duty, on a Sunday, or on any other Day f'n which Divine Service is ordered by Authority ro be celebrated •, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding, such Mails or Exprefies, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place ot F.xercife, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respeiflive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons, employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Pafies; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead, drawing any Coach, Landau Berlin, Chariot, Calash, or Chair, or any Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Flint, or for the Borough of Flint and the contributory Boroughs thereof, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions, by this A6i granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Act, and this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act as Statute relates to the Performance of Statute Labour, on the Lid Road, shall w°rk. be and the fame is hereby repealed, and that all Persons, who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be charge, able towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof shall still remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Flint, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trullees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lit; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summan the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at forr.e Place to be expressed in tuch Summons, (within Fourteen Days after the ftrving of such Sum-

1 mons),

192

Application cf Compen-

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 11.

mons), of the Names of the several I’ersons, who within such Parish or Place are by Law subjected and liable to do Statute Work for that Year; or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise; and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lids of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as arc or may be directed determined by any Law or Statute in 1 orce and Effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and out of such Lifts the Laid Justices shall and may allot, appoinr, and order, such and (o many of the Persons, who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days’ Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days, and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall, from Time to Time, order, diredf, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustres or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Wc rk as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, dial I for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Hurfe or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as fuel) Person or Persons may be subject or liable to, by any Law or Statute in Force or Effect, for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and discharge the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as it he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Part of the said Road, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Highways; and il any Surveyor of the Highways, for any or tie said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in falie or impeded Lifts, every such Surveyor, lo offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings. 1 ,

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased,

ftf:'

4g° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

chafed, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act, and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with the Privity, of the Accountant-General of the HighCourt of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Trulleesforexecutingthesaid recited Act, and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction, and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land-Tax, aar Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be lo applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, stood settled, or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be exirting, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and.until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and, in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated, or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded, to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall beless than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons, for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments lo purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified, in Writing, under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name, and with the Privity of the said Accountant-General of the FIigh Court of Chancery, and be placed

[Ltc. & Per,] 3 C to

T93

fat:on where

exceeding

200l.

Application where the Compenta-tion does not exceed 200I. nor iefs than

10!.

194

Application where the Money is lefa than 20I.

In case of not making out Titles,

or if Persons cannot be found, Purchase-Money to be paid into the Bank,

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery, or Motionn or Petition

49° GEORGII III. Cap. ir.

to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner htreinbefore directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

VII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned,shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Adf, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in Case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said Act, and this Adf, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name, and with che Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing them,) subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons, making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwil'e, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the lame to be laid out and inverted in ihe Public Funds, and to order Distriburion thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to che respective Eftafe or Effaces, Title, or Interest of che Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make luen other Order in ihe Premises as to the said Court Avail seem just ana reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank o(England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums ot Money, is, and aie hereby required to give a Receinc or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Uie the fame is or are received, to such

Person

6

*95

49° GEORGII III. Cap. u.

Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question Where any shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Account- ^g^he'xiile ant-General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for to Money to the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any be paid, the Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Act, and this Act, or p0flv(jj0ll of to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the the Lands, Dividends, or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Per- at the Ions, who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming ihaUbedectn-under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person ed entitled or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled thereto, to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

X. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where by reason of any The Court of

Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, en- Chancery titled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased mayorder under the Authority of the said recited Act, and this Act, the Purchase £alonable Money for the same shall be required to be paid inco the Court of °o

Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchile of other Lands, Tene- bs paid by ments, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uies, in pursuance the Trusteej. of the said recited Act, and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purcnales from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Act, and this Act, or fumucti of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Act, and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences F. r paying of obtaining a;d passing this Act shall be paid out of any Monies ai- the ExPcyce* ready raised by virtue of the said recited Act, or out of the firrt Monies 01 lhli A4K to arise. by virtue of the said Act, and this Act, in preference to all

other Payments whatsoever.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and puyic Act. taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as

such by all Judges, justices, andothers, without beingfpecially pleaded.

ig&

Continuance of the Act.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. u.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act (subject to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) shall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Residue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the said recited Act, and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

*Hlr

Cap. i2.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from Horsham, to join the Turnpike Road leading to Guildford, with Two Branches therefrom, in the Counties of Sussex and Surrey.

\j2.\\}n March 1809.]

WHEREAS the making, maintaining, and keeping in repair, a Turnpike Road from the Black Horse Inn, in the Town of Horsham, in the County of Sussex, to Aldfold Croffways, in the Parish of Aidfold, in the County of Surrey, to join the present Turnpike Road there leading to Guildford, with Two Branches therefrom commencing at the South-east Corner of Platters Hill Coppice; one of such Branches leading through the Parishrs of Slindfold and Warnham to join the present Turnpike Road front Horsham to Dorking, near Kingsfold Toll Gate, in the County of Sussex; and the other Branch leading over Awfcld Dean Bridge to a Place called Park Street Corner, in the Parish of Slingfold aforesaid, would, by opening a more direct Communication between the Towns of Guildford and Horsham, and frverai other Places upon the Line of such Road and Branches, be of great Advantage and Convenience to the Land Owners and Inhabitants of the Neighbourhood and the adjacent Country, and would likewise be of public Utility: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’* most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament [Lot. Ss* Per.Ji 3 D assembled, ,

198

Trusttts

1

Ft

m

2le.'tios<f new Trustees,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

assembled, and determined by the Authority of the same, That John A gate, Jonathan AJbridge, Sir Cecil Bifsbopp, Sir Charles Merrik Burrell, Walter Burrell, Charles George Beauclerc, James Broadwood, Richard Butcher, Cecil Bifsbcpp, Henry Butcher junior, James Butcher, Richard Bullett, John William Commerell, William Henry Commcrell, John Cope, Churchman,

Richard Conjlabte, John Gratwicke Challen, Harry Charman, ‘Thomas Clear, Peter Du Cane, the Reverend James Dallaway, the Reverend Evan Edwards, William Eversfield, Robert Ellijon, John Henry Ellis, Horace Ellis, Thomas Elliot, Elliot, Parkburjt Elliot, Sir Henry Fletcher,

Joseph Fo/ket, Charles Fairball, Sir Harry Goring, Charles Grinjlei, Richard Grinjlei, Thomas Gooch, Robert Hurst, Robert Henry Hurst, Joseph liinde, John Hurst, Thomas Hoad, William Jameson, Henry Ireland, Thomas Ireland, Maurice Ireland, John Jeffrey junior, Thomas Ings, Richard King, the Honourable George King, Robert Killick, John Lanham, Henry Lanham, John Slade Lanham, John Manley, John Mitchell, George Mar-ffall, William Mann, Thomas Mann, Thomas Charles Medwin, Thomas Mcdwin, George Clough Marshall, Tudor Nelthorp, Edward Napper, Bendy Napper, Henry Frederick Napper, John Napper, Richard Neale, General Onslow, Barer Phipps, Robert Parker, James Penfold, James Put lock, John Ravelin fen. Sir BjsJhc Shelley, Timothy Shelley, Percy By s/he Shelley, William Sandham, William Smith, William Stanford of E irons, Lee Steer Steer, Robert Henry Sayers, the Right Honourable Thomas Steele, John Stone, Henry Standford, Robert Strudwick, Edward Tredcroft, Nathaniel Tredcroft, William Trrov, James Thornton, Ri.hard Thornton, John Thomas, Henry Tredcroft, John Thornton, the Reverend John Tweedie, James White, Charles White, William P. Woodward, Peter Wood, Reger Warns, Thomas Woodroffe, C. L. Wdson, the Reverend J. II, Woolf, Thomas Wood, William Woobery, and their Successors to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed T.ufteesfor making, maintaining, altering, repairing, and improving the said Road, and that they or any Five or more of them at such Meeting 01 Meetings as hereinafter directed, /unless where otherwise hereinafter specifk-d, shall and may and are hereby authorized and empowered to carry this Act, and all the Matters and Things herein contained and di* rected to be done by the said Trustees, into Execution and Effect.

II. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death, Refusal, or Dip ability of any of the said Trustees hereby appointed, or their Successors (to be elected in manner herein mentioned), to act in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the surviving or remaining Trustees from Time to Time to elect and appoint One other Person to be a Trustee in the Room of each Trustee so dying or refuting, or being incapable of acting, and Notice of the Time and Place of the Meeting for every such Election shall, by the Clerk to the said Trustees lor the Time being, be inferred in some Newspaper or Newspapers published or circulated in the said Counties of Surrey and Sussex, and shall be affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be handing on the said Road, at leafs Ten D.ys before such Meeting; and every Person so elected a new Trustee as at'oresaid, being qualified as hereinafter mentioned, shall be and he is hereby empowered to act in the Execution of this Act to all Intents and Purposes, in as full and ample manner as the Ti ultce in whole Room or Stead he shall have been so eiedted.

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 12.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he Avail be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Poffdlion or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or be pof-leffed of or entitled to a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal together, of the Value of Eight hundred Pounds, or shall be Heir Apparent of some Person pofftffed of an Estate in Land of the clear yearly Value of eighty Pounds, nor shall any such Person be capable of acting n the Executirn of this Act, save and except in administering the Oath following to the other Trustees, until he (not being such Heir Apparent as aforelairi) shall have tiken and subscribed the Oath following, before any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same (that is to say):

* T do swear, That I truly and bona fide am in my own Right

‘ -*■ [or, in Right of my Wife, as the Case may be~\ in the actual Possdlion ‘ or Enjoyment of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of the clear 1 Yearly Value of Forty Pounds, or possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal together, of the Amount or Value of Eight hundred Pounds.

'So help me GOD’.

And if any Person, not being so qualified, shall act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue fur the fame, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no ElTbign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and every such Person so sued or prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof on the Part of the Plaintiff or Prosecutor than thac such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act: Provided nevertheless, that all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons acting as a Trustee or Trustees in the Execution of this Act, though not duly qualified as aforesaid previous to his or their being convicted of the said Offence, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as good, valid and effectual, as if such Person or Persons had been qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person or Persons who shall keep any Victualling House, or other House of public Entertainment, or who shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other Strong Liquors by Retail, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of taking, holding or enjoying any Place or Places of Trust or Profit under the said Trustees, or of collecting the Tolls hereby granted and made payable, and to be collected on the said Road, during such Time as he, she or they shall keep such Victualling House, Alehouse, or other House of public Entertainment, or shall fell any Wine, Cyder, Beer, Ale, Spirituous or other Strong Liquors, by Retail-, but no such Person shall be precluded from Farming such Tolls, provided he, flic or they, employ a Person or Persons to collect such Tolls who shall not be under any such Incapacity.

199

Qualification ut Trustee,

AH Acts of

Trustees not qualified if ilOut Before Conviction, valid.

Victuallers, etc. incapable' of acting.

200

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

' Trustets may y. And be it further enacted, That such of the said Trustees as are or excej/wh'trr Hiall be Justices of the Peace, shall and may in their respective Jurisdic-ir.ieiHttd. lions, and they are hereby empowered to act as Justic..s of the Peace in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personsally interested.

Time of Meeting.

Trustees to defray their •wn Expenses.

Orders of One Meeting nor lo be n yoked by another, except in certain Cafes.

Meetings on $.iuergencief.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, shall and they are hereby authorized and empowered to meet together at the Anchor Inn in the Borough of Horsham, on Monday the First Day of May next after the passing of this Act, or as loon after as conveniently may be, at Eleven of the Cluck in the Forenoon, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall then adjourn themselves, and from Time to Time afterwards meet at, and again adjourn to such Place, near to the said Road, as they the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think proper; and the said Trustees at all their Meetings, shall defray their own Expences.

VII. And it is hereby declared, That all Orders and Determinations made at any Meeting of the said Trustees, shall be made by a Majority of the Trustees then present, and no Order or Determination shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting unless Twenty Trustees shall he present, and a Majority of them shall decide in favour of such Revocation or Alteration, and unless the Peifoa or Persons applying to revoke or alter any such Order shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the Clerk or Clerks, or to the Person or Persons acting as Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, to be by him or them affixed and inserted in Manner herein-before directed with respect to Notices for the Election of new Truf-tets, at lead Ten Days previous to any Meeting.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if after Adjournment of any Meeting of the said Trustees, it shall be thought nectlTary that an earlier Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by any Adjournment, or it for want of a proper Adjournment, or otherwise, it shall be necessary to call a Meeting of the said Trustees, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, upon an Order in Writing signed by Seven or more of them, mentioning the Time, Place and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time net being less than Ten Days after such Notice), and such Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees, at all such Meetings, shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

Trusteeito

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and oleas may at their first or any subsequent Meeting, by Writing under their H.nds, cleft and appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Coll'eftor or Collectors of the Tolls by this Act granted, and shall take such Security from such Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, for the due and faithful Execution of his or their Office or Offices as the said Trustees shall think' fir; and shall also elect and appoint a Surveyor or Surveyors, and such other Officers, as the said Trustees 5. shall

201

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

shall think, proper, and also may from Time to Time remove such Clerks, l'reasurers, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers or any of them, as the said Trustees shall fee occasion, and appoint others in the room of such of them as shall be lo removed, or shall die, resign, or refuseor neglect to perform, or become incapable of performing their Duty; and the said Trustees shall and may, out of the Money to be raised and received by virtue of this Act, give such Salaries or make such Allowance to the Clerks, Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers so appointed, for and in Consideration of the Care and Pains respectively taken in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Persons who shall be assisting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to them the said Trustees shall seem proper •, and all such Officers and ether Persons shall upon their respective Oaths, if thereunto required by the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, at a Meeting •to be held in pursuance of this Act (which Oaths the said Trustees or any One or more of them are and is hereby empowered to administer) from Time to Time, and as often as they shall be called upon for that Purpose, produce and give up to such Trustees, full, true, and perfect Accounts in Writing under their respective Hands, of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, received, or collected, and how, to whom, and for what Purposes such Monies, and every Part thereof, shall have been paid, disposed cf or applied, together with proper Receipts and Vouchers for such Payments, and shall and are respectively required to pay all such Monies as shall appear to be in their respective Hands to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons, or for such Uses and Purposes as they shall direct and appoint; and if such Officer or Person (being required so to do) shall refute or neglect to render and give up, or verify upon Oath such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up to the said Trustees the Receipts and Vouchers relating to the fame, or to pay as aforesaid any Sum or Sums of Money which shall appear to remain in his or their Hands, or shall not deliver to the said Trustees, within Ten Days after being thereunto required by them, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in any of the said Cales, any One ®r more of the Justices of the Peace for the Town or Place wherein such Officer or Person shall be and reside, shall upon Complaint of the said Trustees, or of any One or more of them, or by such Person or Persons as they or any-one or more of them shall appoint for that Purpose, issue a Summons under his or their Eland or Hands for such Officer or Person to appear before him or them, and upon his appearing, or having been summoned and not appearing, or not being to be found, shall make Inquiry concerning such Default, and hear and determine the Matter in a summary way; and if upon the Confession of the Party, or by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witiicfles upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are htreby empowered and required to administer without Fee < r Reward) it shall appear to such Justice or Justices that any of the Monies which shall have been raised or collected under this Act shall remain due from such Officer or Person, such Justice or Justices may, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to caul'c such Money to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Person, and if no Goods or Chattels of such Officer or Person can be found lofficient to satisfy the said Money, and the [Loc. ft? Per.] Charges

Officers to Account.

Proceeding! against Otfi cers refuting to account or deliver Books, etc.

20 2

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

Charges of distraining and felling the Paid Goods and Chattels, or if any such Officer or Person ffiail be convicted of any other of the Offences aforesaid, such Justice or justices shall and may commit furh Officer or Person to the Common Gaol for the Paid Countie* of Surrey or Suffix, there to remain without Bait or Mainprize, until such Officer or Person shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and verity the same as afare-iaid, and make such Payment as aforesaid, or until he fli ill have compounded with the said Trustees for the fame, and shall have paid Inch Compofnion Money to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Tre-tfurers (which Compofnion the said Trustees are hereby empowered to make and accept), or untd such OfE er or Person shall have delivered up such Books, Papers and Writings as aforesaid, or given Sati.-faction in respect thereof to the said TrulTccs: Provided always, that no such Officer or other Person so committed as aforesaid shall be confined or detained in Prison, by virtue of this Act, for any longer Time than S x Calendar Months.

Trull cm ntay rrmjvc CjI. lector* and appoint temporary one*.

X. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls shall die, neglect, or refuse to perform or become incapable of performing his Duty, or ihalt abscond or absent himself, it lfiall be lawful for any Five or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting of the said Trustees to be appointed by virtue of this Act, to discharge such Collector or Receiver so riegleftingor refilling to perform, or incapable of performing his Duty, or abiconding or absenting himself, and nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a C illeftor or Receiver of the said Tolls (to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees) in the Head of such Collector or Receiver as shall so die or be discharged, and such Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner, in all respects, as the Person who shall fodie or be discharged would have had or been subject to; and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who (had be discharged from his Office by virtue cf this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of tile Children, Family or other Kepresentatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person or Persons shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building to be erected or let up on the said Road, for the Space of Four Days after Demand thereof made, and notice in Writing given for that Purpose by any Five or more of the said Trustees (although not assembled at a Meeting), or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, then and in aay of the said Cafes it shall be lawful lor any Justice or Justiers of the Peace far the said Counties of Surrey or Suffix, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable other Peace Officer for either of the said Counties, with such Affilbnce as may be necdfiry, to enter such House or Building in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Penons who shall be found therein, together with nis, her or their Goods, out of the fame, and to put the said Trusteesor any Two or more of them, or such new appointed Col-Fftor or Receiver, into the Possession thereof.

Trusttts may XI- And be 11 fl,rther enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Nine or erect Toil more of them, shall and may from Time to Time cause to be erected and House, &c. set up such and fu many Turnpikes or Toll Gates in upon or across, or on the Side or Sides cf any Part or Parrs of the said Road, between the North Eail Corner of the Garden Wail lately trested at Strood, belonging to

John

203

49* G E0 RGII III. Cap. 12.

John William Gammer td Enquire, and Aidfold Crcfswayt, and acrcfs any Lane or Way leading into, from or out of the fame •, and also from Time to Time cauie to be creeled and set up such and so many Turnpikes or Toll Gates in, upon or acrufs, or on the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Branches of Road, and across any Lane or Way leading into, from or out of the fame, and aW. such Toll House or Toli Houses, Weighing Engine or Weighing Engines, to each Gate or Turnpike, or other* ife as they fh.-.ll think r.ectfiary, with fuirable Outbuildings thereto; and also may inclose fiotn the said Road art*. Branches of Road, and V\ alee Grounds thrr-unto adjoining, convenient Garden Spots to the said Toil Houses, not exceeding in the Whole One Quarter of an Acre for each 1 oil House, as they may judge proper, which laid 'lurnpikes, loll Houses, and Weighing Engines and Buildings, and all Materials for making or repairing the fame, are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and that the following Sums of M mty shall and may be demanded and taken as 1 oils, before any Horle, Bead, Cattle or Carriage, shall be permitted to pass through any fueft Turnpike or Tod Gate, Turnpikes or Toll Gates respectively; (that is to lay):

For every HorP*, Mare, Gelding, Mule or other Bead, drawing any Tail. Waggon, Wain, Cait or other Carriage, the Fellies of the Wheels thereof being of the breadth of Six Inches or upwards, between the Tenth Day of April and the Tenth Day of October, the Sum of Four-pence, and between the Tenth Day of October and the Tenth Day of April, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or other Bead, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, the Fellies of the Wheels thereof being under the Breadth of Six Inches, between the Tenth Day of April and the Tenth Day of Ottoler, the Sum of Sixpence, and between the Tenth Day of October and the Tenth Day of April, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or other Bead, drawing any Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Gig, Tax Cart, Hsarle, Pod Cnaifc or Calash, cr any such like Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, M ire, Gelding, Mule or other Bead, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows or oth-r Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling per Score, and so in Proportion for any less Number:

And,

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Limbs, Hogs or Swine, the Sum DcubJ-Tolu of Sixpence per Score, and so in Proportion for any less Number. on Sunday

And that on every Sunday during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be demanded and taken ac the said several Turnpikes or Toll Gates fc. to be erected as aforesaid on the said Road and Branches of Road, or on the Sides thereof, or any Lane or Way leading into or out of the fime respe&ivtly, before any Horse, Cattle, Bead or Carriage whatsoever, shall be permitted to pass through the fame, or any or either of them,

Double the respective Tolls or Sums of Money herein-before mentioned.

Which said respective Tolls shall be and are hereby veded in the said Truf- RfCoVSiyof tees; and if any Perdu or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall, after Demand thereof made by any Collector or Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid, neglect or refofe to pay the lame or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful fur the said xespectivs Collectors of the

Tolls,

204

Ho Turnpike to be erected between Hor-sham and Mr. Conmerell's Garden Wall.

Two Toll* to be paid between Mr. Comroeiell’s Garden and Aldfold CrofT-ways, and One Toll only on the branches

'Taiflees may redtice the Tolls, &c.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

Tolls, or other Person or Persons whom they or any of them shall take to their Adiftance therein, to seizeand distrain any Horse, Beast or other Cattle, upon which any such Tolls are by this Act imposed, belonging to any Person or Prjrlons so neglecting or refusing or liable to pay the Tolls as aforesaid (except the Biidle or Reins of any such Horse or other Bead, separate from such Horse or other Bead); and if such Tolls, and the reason. able Charges of such Seizure and Distrtfs and of detaining and keeping the fame, shall not be pa d within the space of Four Days next after such Seizure and Didrels made, the Person or Pei fans so seizing and didraining shall and may tell the Horse or other Bead or Cattle so seized and d f-trained, rendering the overplus (if any) on Demand, to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls and ail reasonable Charges shall be deducted.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That noTurnpikeor Toll Gate shall be erected upon the said Road, between the Town of Horsham and the North Pad Corner of the Garden Wall lately erected at Strccd, belonging to John William Commercll Esquire j any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof notwiihstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken at more than Two of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates so to be erected in, upon, across, or on the Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Road, between the North Ead Corner of the Garden Wall lately erected at Slrcod, belonging to John William Commtrtll Esquire, and Aldfold, CrcJJ'ways, or across any Lane or Way leading info, from or out of the fame, for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead or Cattle, pading or repairing thereon in the same Day, nor at more than One Turnpike or Toll Gate so to be erected in, upon, across or on the Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Branches of Road, or aero's any Lane or Way leading into, from or out of the fame, for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead or Cattle, pading or repassing thereon in the same Day, buc that such Person or Persons, after having paid the said respective Tolls, and producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, ft,all afterwards te permitted to pals and repass with every such Horse, Bead or Cattle, Toll-free during the same Day, through all the Turnpikes erected or to be erected upon the said Road or Branches; which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to deliver gratis on Receipt of the said Tolls.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees and they are hereby empowered, at a Meeting to be holden for that Purpose, of which Meeting One Calendar Month’s Notice shall be given in such Newspaper or Newspapers as aforesaid, and shall be affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be (landing on the said Road, from Time to Time to lessen or reduce all or any of the said Tolls, and also any additional Toils payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force for Overweight, in such Manner as to* them shall seem fit and convenient for and during such Time as they the said Trustees shall think proper, and afterwards at 3ny Meeting to be holden as afertsaid, from Time to Time if they shall (ce occasion, to advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced to any Sum or Sums of Money not exetedirg the several Rates granted by this Act, or now nude payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force and Effect with respect to Overweight: Provided nevertheless, that until the whole

Money

205

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolts shall have been paid and discharged, such Tolls shall not be lessened or reduced without the Con-feat of the Person or Persons entitled to Five-sixths of the Money renuin-■ingdue upon the Credit of the said Tolls.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Tolls may be for the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered at any Meeting, ct'

upon One Month’s Notice being given in such Newspaper or Newspnpers as aforesaid, and affixed on all and every the Turnpike Gates that shall be (landing on the said Road, to let or farm the said Tolls to be collected by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any Person or Persons at and for the largest Yearly Sum thac can be reasonably got for the fame, provided that the Leases, Conirafts, or Agreements, of or for the tame be in Writing, and be duly executed by the Person or Persons taking or farming such Tolls, and also by the said Trustees, but the same shall not be let for more than Three Years at any one Time; and the Rent which shall be agreed to be paid for the said Tolls shall be made payable, and shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, so that Two Months Payment of such Rent shall always be in Advance, or sufficient Security given for the Payment of such Rent, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in Default thereof every such Lease, Contract, cr Agreement, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That during such Time as the said Lefleei of Tolls or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be leased, demised, or in Farm to

any Person or Persons whomsoever, it shall and may be lawful to and for to receive the the Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers thereof, or such other Persons as &me he or they shall by Writing or Writings under his or their Hand or Hands authorize or appoint, to demand and take the said Tolls so leased, demised, or farmed, with the like Powers for the Recovery thereof, to all Intents and Purposes, as any Collector of the said Tolls, appointed by the said Trustees is herthy authorized and empowered to demand, take and recover the fame \ and such Lessee or Lessees, Farmer or Farmers, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, so demanding and taking the said Tolls shall be subject to the like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, and shall be liable to the like Actions and Prosecutions, as any Collector of the said Tolls appointed by the said Trustees is subject or liable to.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Tiufteet may for the said Trustees, from Time to Time, to compound with any Person or con, P°ua<l* Pctfor.s for any Period of Time not txceeding Twelve Months for any

Horses. Brafts, Cattle or Carriages, passing on the said Road, or on any Part or Parts thereof, for all or any of the Tolls to be paid in respect of tuch Horses, Beasts, Cattle or Carriages, passing and repassing on the said Road, and all such Composition Money shall be paid in Advance Quarterly or other wise, as the said Trustees (bail appoint; arid in default thereof every such Composition shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Disputs shall happen For settling about the Amount of the Tolls, or the Charges of making, keeping or

felling any DistreL, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person so detraining to retain such Distrefi, cr the Money arising from the Sale thereof (as the Case may happen) till the Amount of the Tolls due, and the [Lee. fa5 Per. J 3 F Charges

ao6

Toll-Bar

Keepers

competent

Witnesses.

Penalty for permitting private Passage or evading Tolls.

Exemption! from Tull.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

Charges of the Didrefs and Sale, and of keeping the D stress, be ascer-:ained by some Justice of the Peace for the fai.l Counties of Surrey or Sujpx, who upon Application rrade to him for that Purpose shall examine the Matter on the O th of the Patties or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and also assess the Charges of such Didrefs and Keeping or Sale of the fame, and or the Collectors Attendance for that Purpose upnn the said Justice j all which Sums so determined or assessed, shall be paid to the said Collrdor before he shall be obliged to return the said Didrefs, or the Overplus after Sale thereof or any Part thereof.

XIX. And be it further ennded, That in case any Dispute, Suit, o' Litigation shall arise touching or in anyw fe relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation by reason of his, her, ot their being so appointed, or being paid to colied the Tolls, or acting or being paid to ad under the Authority of the Lid Trustees.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall with any Horse, Cattle, Bead or C rn ge, pals through any Land', Grounds or Hereditaments, lying near any Turnpike or Toll Gate which shall be treded by virtue of this Act (the fame not being a Public Highway) or if any Owner or Occupier of such Lands, Ground', or H-rehta-ments, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons with any Horse, Cattle, Bead or Carriage whatsoever, to p.ifs through the fame; or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person or Persons, or forge or counterfeit any Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets by this Act directed to be given, with Intention to evade, or whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof, may and shall be evaded; or if any Person or Persons shall fraudulently pass through any such Turnpike or Toll Gate with any Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, without Payment of Toll, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Horse, Bead, or other Cattle from any Carriage, or having passed through auy Turnpike or Toll Gate, to be erected by v rtue of this Act, shall afterwards add or put an additional Horse or Horses, B;aft or Beads to such Carriage, with Intent to evade the Payment of the said Toils, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Carriage, Horse or other Cattle, going unladen for or being laden with, or returning after having gone laden only with any Matetials for repairing the said Road, or any other Highway or Road; or for any Carriage or Cattle carrying any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, Yards, or Ciofes, o» the Owner or Owners thereof, or returning empty thertfiom, or for any Horses, Cattle or Carriages, going withortor any Ploughs, Harrows, or ether Implements of Hufbindry, belonging to any of the Inhabitants of the Parishes, Townlhrps, Hamlets, or 'Places, wherein any Part of the said Road lieth, or for any Cattle going to or from Plough or Harrow, or fur any Carriage or Cattle carrying any Dung,

‘ •- Mould,

207

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

Mould, or Comport of any Kind whatsoever to be employed in Huflowdry, or for manuring or rtotking of Land, but for no other Purpose; or for any Horses or other Cattle or Carriages employed in the conveying of any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said Counties of Surrey or Suffix on the Day of such Pled ion, or on the Day before or Day after such Eieftion shall begin or be concluded; or going to or returning on Sundays or any other Da)S on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, irom any Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship, which shall be fuuate within the same Parish in which any Turnpike or Toll Gate shall be erected, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person c.r Persons who shall die and be buried in any of the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets or Flaces, in which the said Road hereby directed to be marie lies, or from any Clergyman going to perform or returning from his Duty at any Church or Chapel, or to or from visiting his fitk Parishioners; or for any Cattle or Carriage employed only in carrying Com to, or Gnlt from, the n-.areft or such other Mill us shall be ufrd by the Owncis of such Corn respectively \ or for any Cariiages or Horses employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying or guarding such Mails or Exprclles, or in returning from conveying or guarding the fame; or for any Horle,

Ox, Cow, Sheep or other Cattle, going to or returning from any Pasture or Wattring Place, or from being (hod or ferried; or for any Horses belonging to Gffi.ers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Cariiages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Solders, or any lick, wounded or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage whatsoever, cr the Horle or Hones or other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be employed in c nveying any Ordnance, Barrack or Commissariat, or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces •, or for any Horlcs, Carts, or Waggons travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Partes; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Mare or Gelding, furnished by or for any Pirfons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exerufe, provided that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms,

Furniture and Accoutrements, according ro the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; and if any Person shall by any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled ro the fame, such Person shall forfeit and pay lor every such Offence any Sum not txceeding Ten Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving Carriapt, or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Car-iage, pro- £j!)yey»ns vided for the Service r f His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, s mrslnt to Barrack or Commissariat or othe- publ'c Stores, of or belonging to His be fni>jc<a to Majesty, rr for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall oe subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other

4 Carriage,

208 49* GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

Carriage, be (lopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Carter other Carriage, cr of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen, but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Ctrr, or other Carriage to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained to the contrary not with-(landing.

Toll lor

XXIII. And be it further enacted, Th3t no Toll shall be demanded or Roadonty? taken at any Toll Gate or Turnpike, to be erected by virtue of this Act, on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Road, for any Horse, Cattle or Carriage, which shall only cross the said Road, or shall not pass above One hundred Yards thereon, unless such eroding shall be with Intent to evade the Payment of Toll at any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and the Payment of such Toll would be thereby evaded.

n>°wMone>°r"

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trullees or any Seven or more of them from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think fit, upon the Credit of the Tulls arising by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Par s thereof, and by Writing under their Hands and Seals to assign over the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Turnpike Gate* and Toll Houses for collecting the fame (the Charges of such Mortgages or Assignments to be paid out of the said Tolls) to any Person or Pei suns for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for the Repayment of the several Sums that shall be borrowed, with the Interest thereof; which Assignment shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

Form of T>y virtue of an Act Parliament made in the Forty-ninth Year of the Assignment. , 13 R..ign of King Geo. ge the Third, intituled, An Act [set forth the

* Title of this ASJ We, of the Trustees acting in the Execution

‘ of the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of

* to the Treasurer of the said Road in

‘ Hand paid by Do hereby grant,

‘ bargain, fell, and demise unto the said

* Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of the Tollj

* arising by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum of

‘ doth or shall bear to the whole Sum advanced or to be advanced on the Credit of the said

«' Tolls to be had and holden from the Day of

' and during the Continuance of

- the said Act, unless the said Sum of

* with lawful Inured for the fame, shall be sooner repaid and satisfied.

« Given under our Hands and Seals this Day of

* in the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages and Assignments shall be entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Trustees; but no Money shall be borrowed unless Notice be for that Purpose given in some Newspaper published or circulated within the said Counties of Surrey and Sujeu, and also upon the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then (landing upon the said Road, at lead Twenty-one Days before the

borrowing

209

49° GEORG 11 Hi. Cap. 12.

borrowing thereof; and all Mortgages or Assignments which shall be made in the Manner and Form aforesaid, shall be good, valid, and effectual to all Intents and Purposes; and all Persons to whom any such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be intitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, transfer their Right, Title, lmereft or Benefit in and to the said Security, and the Principal and Interest thereby secured, to any Person or Persons svhomsoever, by Indorsement on the Back of such Security, in the Presence of One credible Witness, which Transfer shall be in the Words or to the Effect following:

* T Do transfer the within Mortgage, and all the Principal and Intereil

* *■ now due thereon, unto

« Executors, Administrators and Assigns: Witness my Hand

‘ and Seal, this Day of

All which Transfers shall be produced and notified to the said Clerk, who shall cause an Entry or Memoiral to be made thereof, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums of Money, in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, for which the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Five Shillings and no more; and after such Entry made, every such Transfer shall entitle the respective Assignee or Persons to whom the same shall be made, their Executors, Administrators and AlTigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon, and every such Assignee shall and may in like Manner assign and transfer again, and so teties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person making such Alignment or Transfer, afterwards to make void, ireleafe, or discharge the fame Security, or any Monies thereon due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom such Mortgages, Assignments or Transfers, shall be made as aforesaid, shall be ip proportion to the Sums therein respectively mentioned. Creditors on such Toils, Turnpikes, and Toll Huules in equal degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in tefpeft to the Priority of advancing any such Monies, or the Dates of any such Mortgages or Assignments.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Monies arising by virtue of Application o this Act shall be applied and disposed of by the said Trustees in Manner Mo^bor*"* following (that is to say) •, in Payment of the Colts, Charges and Expen- rowed! °r' ces of obtaining and passing this Act, and in making and constructing the said Roads and repairing and amending the same, and in erecting Turnpikes and Toll Houses thereupon, and defraying the Expences from Time to Time amending the Execution of this Act, and in paying and keeping down the lmereft of the Monies borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, and afterwards in paying off and discharging such Principal Monies, and to and for no ocher Use or Purpose whatsoever.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Puerto en-Trustees or any Seven or more of them, and for their Surveyor or Sur-wyors, and‘Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from Time '*'* CR°3 *' to Time to emer upon the Lands and Grounds through which or whereupon the said Roads hereby authorized to be made is intended to pass, and to Hake out and make the fame of such Width and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think r.ecessary or proper, without being deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, and without being subject or liable to any Fine,

\_Loc. & Per.J 3 G Penalty

2io 49° GEORGII III. Cap. i4,

Penalty nr Punishment, for entering or continuing upon any Parc or Parts of such Lands or Grounds respectively for any of the Purposes of this Act, making Satisfaction to the Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds for the Damages that shall b" done to the Lands or Grounds on the Sides of the said Roads wuillt the fame hull be making-, and if any Person shall wilfully pull up, remove or dcltroy, any of the Stakes or other Mark* uled in laying our or makii g such Roads, every Person lo offending shall fotfeic and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.-

«e"r<L XXVKt; And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said vert the Rc&J. Trustees or any Seven or more u. them, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to make and repair, and from Time to Time widen, divert, shorten, vary and alter, wiLhin the Distance herein-after mentioned, the C urfe or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads, through any Waste Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, without making Satisfaction for the fan e; and also through any private Grounds or Hereditaments, fiift making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons interfiled therein, for the Damages they shall sustain thereby, and for that Purpose it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, to treat, contract and agree with the Owners of, and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees shall judge necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, turning or altering the Coorfe or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Hoads through such Lands or Hereditaments-, and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for life or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees or Feoffees in Trull, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for or on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their cejiuiqut Trusts, whether Femes Covens, Infants orlffue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seized of or intended in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in any fuel) Lands or Hereditaments, to contract with the said Trustees for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to sell and convey unto them all or any such Lands or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid; and all Contracts, Sales and Conveyance-, which shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter to the contrary notwithstanding; and all inch Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life Beneficial, or in Fee Tail GeneralorSpecia', or Lessees for Years or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffces, Com-nvlttees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall lawfully do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XXVIII. And whereas Maps or Plans defcishing the Lines of the said froimteviating Roads, and the Lands through which the same are to be carried, together t2ii°Diit»ric« Wl£k t ic Books ol Reference, containing Lifts of the Names ct the Owners

7 and

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 12. 2it

and Occupiers of such Lands, have been depofued at the Offices of the ^meii Clerks of the Peace for the Counties of Surrey and SuJ/ex; be it therefore ths pun, *c. enacted, That the said Maps or Plans, and Books of Reference, shall remain in the Custody of the Clerks of the Peace for the said respective Counties, to the end that all Persons may, at all reasonable Times, have Liberty to inspect and peruse the fame, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Peafure, paying the relptctive Clerks of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Infpt&ion, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Maps or Plans, and Books of Reference 5 and that the said Trustees, in making the said Roads, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards of Three Feet each from the Line described in the said Maps or Plans, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and Trustee» may

may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to make the said Roads into, through"*11 through, across or over the several Lands or Grounds of any Person or Grounds *!-Persons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners of Land over which the owners'1' lame is fee out and described in the said Maps or Plans as aforesaid, although yiamu are not the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted froe°

in the said Books of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more

Justices of the Peace for either of the said Counties, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

XXX. And be it fu: ther enacted, That if any Bodies Politic, Corporate or where Per. Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life or in Fee tonsintererted Tail General or Special, or fur Years determinable on any Life or Lives, "ufcto'treat?' Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, or

any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them given, or left in Writing at the Dwelling House or Dwelling Houses, Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the Principal Officer or Officers of any such Bodies Politic,

Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of Lands or Hereditaments through which any Part of the said Road is intended to be made, widened, diverted, turned or altered, shall fortheSpace of Twenty-one Days next after such Notice given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reafan of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees shall cause such Damage, Value, or Recompence to be inquired into and ascertained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men, either of the said Counties of Surrey or S’.ijfex, from the Neighbourhood of the Place where such Lands or Hereditaments do lie; and in order therero the said Trustees are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time as occasion shall require, to summon and call before such Jury, and examine upon Oath, all and every Person and Persons whomsoever who shall be thought necessary and proper to be examined concerning the Premises (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer), and such Trustees shall by ordering a View, or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as lor the Jury’s Information in the Premises; and after the said

Jury

212

Trustee< to

issue Warrant to the Sheriff to impannel a Jury.'

TruReet may Impose Finer.

JExpenres of the Jury and WitndUs, how tohepaid.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

Jury shalt have enquired of and assessed such Damages and Recompence, they the said Trustees shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money, so afTrffed by the said Jury, to be paid to the said Owners or other P«rrfcns interfiled in the said Lands or Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of such Jury; and such Vtrdistand Inquisition, Order and Determination thereon, shall be final, binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim any Estate in Possefliort, Reversion or Remainder in Fee, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Life or Lives, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or otherwise, their Htirs and Sutcessors, as well abfint as present. Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots, and Persons, under any other Disability wliatfover, Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever; and for summoning and returning such Juries, the said Trustees are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of Stirriy or SuJ/cx, requiring him to impannel, summon and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons from the Neighbourhood of the Place where such Lands and Hereditaments lie, qualified to serve upon Juries, to appear before the said Ttuflees or any Seven or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, and such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to impannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly; and out of the Persons so impanneled, summoned and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees shall and are hereby empowered and required to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Men, who shall be a Jury forthePurposesaforesaid, and in default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service to the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Trustees aft.ng in the Premises shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiff or Bailiffs, Agent or Agents, making default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons that shall be summoned and returned on such Jury and who shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence, or shall otherwise wilfully misconduct themselves, in giving their Evidence, so that no one Fine be more than Five Pounds on any one Person for one Offence.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Juries to be summoned and sworn, pursuant to the Directions or Authority of this Act, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Right, Inlerelt or Property of ally Person or Persons in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, before the summoning and

7 returning

213

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or for any Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees out of any Money which shall then be in his Hands, or out of any Monies to be received by virtue of this Act; but if any Jury or Juries, so summoned and sworn as aforesaid, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees before the summoning or returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest or Property, in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or Losses or Damages as aforesaid, then the Colls and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences as aforesaid, shall be borne or paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences, having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the Division or Liberty wherein the Cause of Dispute shall arise, not interested in the Matter in Question (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame"', shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees by the Ways and Means hereinafter mentioned or provided for the Recovery of Penalties or Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating about such Recompence or Satisfaction as aforesaid, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money or Recompence to be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Tolls by this Act granted, or out of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, to the Party or Parties respectively entitled thereto, or to their Agents; and upon Payment thereof, or in case of refusal to accept the fame, or the Parties not being to be met with, upon leaving the fame in the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees for the use of such Parties or Persons respectively, to be thereafter disposed of as hereinafter directed, and after Eight Days Notice thereof given to such Parties or Persons, or to their Agents, or left at their respective usual Places of Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments, then such Lands or Hereditaments shall be laid into and made Part of the said Roads in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct, and shall be by them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, sufficiently drained, ditched, fenced, and set out for that Purpose, and shall, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, become and be deemed and taken to be a Common Highway, and be from thenceforth Part of the said Roads for ever thereafter.

3 H

Money

allowed for , Lands, liow to be charged or tendered.

[Lflf.Ss5 Per.I

214-

Tmtteet not to tlk• down Homes, Uc.

Truflce* empowered to Jell Ground not wanted for the Per-po(e» of this Act; Person* of whom it was bought, or whole Lands adjoin, lo have the first Offer.

For (hutting up a certain Footpath*

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it farther enacted, That no Power or Authority by this Act given to the said Trustees, shall extend to the taking down or injuring any Dwelling Houses or other Buildings, or to the taking in of any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk or Avenue to aHouse, or Plantation or Nursery of Trees, or of any Part or Parts thereof, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietors thereof, and other Persons interested therein, fir it had and obtained.

XXXIV. And whereas by reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees are empowered and required to make by virtue of this Act, or by reason of the diverting of some Part or Parts of the said Roads in manner hereinbefore mentioned, they may happen to be seised of some Piece or Pieces of Ground over and above what shall be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to fell and ilifpose of such Pieces or Parcels of Ground either together or in Parcels, as they shall find moil convenient and advantageous, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the fame; Provided always, that the said Trustees, before they shall sell and dispose of any Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, shall first offer the same to the Person or Persons of whom the same shall have been purchased; or in case of diverting any Part or Parts of the said Roads to the Person or Persons whose Lands shall adjoin thereunto; and if such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree (except with respect to and on account of the Price thereof, as hereinafter mentioned) or shall refuse (except with respect to and on account of the Price thereof) to purchase the fame respectively, an Affidavit, to be made and sworn before a Mailer or Mailer Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Surrey or Svfex, (who are hereby respectively empowered to take the fame,) by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Piece or Pieces or Ground, Hating that such Offer was made by or on the behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the lame was so offered, shall, in all Courts whatsoever, be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made, (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing the fame, and he, she or they, and the said Trustees, shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, then the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, in manner hereinbefore directed with respect to deputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein before directed, with respect to such Purchases made by the said Trustees, mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees of such Piece or Parcel of Road or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Nonapplication of such Money.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the said Road and Branches of Road shall have been made passable for Horses and Carriages, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees or any Seven or more of

2I5

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 12.

of them, to shut up and discontinue or cause to be shut up and discontinued a certain Footpath, leading from a Gate at the Bottom of a Field belonging to John William Commerell, Esquire, called or known by the Name of Hilly Field, through Strood Grounds, the Property of the said John William Commerell, Esquire, to a certain Stile in the said Grounds, called or known by the Name of Granary Croft Stile, which said Footpath will, if this Act should pass into a Law, become useless and unnecessary.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That as soon as the said Road and ror (hutting > Branches of Road shall have been made passable for Horses and Carriages, lewa;-* it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said Trusteesor any Seven or more of them, to shut up and discontinue, or cause to be (hut up and discontinued a certain Bridleway, known by the Name of the Old Roman Road, or such Part thereof as to the said Trustees shall appear necessary, for the Purpose of this Act, leading from the South-East Corner of Platter's Hill Coppice aforesaid to Rowhook, as the said Road and Branches of Road, when so made partible as aforesaid, will be more easy and convenient for Passengers.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur- < f Compen-chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Pur- ^henamoa'nt. poses thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Lu- ingtuiool. natic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such

Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts or other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses,

Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, Hood fettied or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the fviid Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bunk Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank 5 Annuities

21 6

When left t ban tool.

When left than zoi-

In esf- of n making out Titles,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would /or the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Dif. ability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Tenements so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the fame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Seven or more of the said Trustees for executing this Act (fu.ch Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before dire died, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, in such Manner as the fai J Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, or shall refuse^ to execute such Conveyance or Conveyances; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so ordered to be paid as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums

of

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

of Money so awarded, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments [describing theni] subject to the Order, Controul, and pifposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on. the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a fuinmary way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, or to order distrihu-tion thereof, or Payment of the filtered: thereof, according to the respective Estate or tfrafes, "litie or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem jurt and reasonable; and the C afliier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or {Receipts for fuehSum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Ule the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons.as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery1, in pursuance of this Act for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery j and the Dividends or Interest: of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Colts and [Loc. fcf Per.~\ 3 / Charges

2 I 7

subject to the Orderot the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

Rejecting

disputed

Tides.

The Court of Chance ryinay direct the Paymen t of Expenc;.,

218 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

frvej

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Mines of

Owners'of * Coal, and other Minerals and Foflils whatsoever, which shall be discovered i.andi. OT found in or under any Innds to be appropriated to the said Road by virtue of this Act, shall and are hereby reserved to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who would have been seised of or entitled to the fame in case this Act had not been made, with liberty for him or them, or his or their respective Agents or Servants, to dig for, mine and work the fame in such Manner as is usual for carrying on Works of that Kind in the Dili rid or Place where such Coal or other Materials shall be found, and in as full and ample a Manner as if the said Land bad not been taken and appropriated for the Purposes aforesaid, so that in the Working of such Mines no Dam age shall be done to the fliid Road.

Forgrti.ig XI.IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to n akrTn* 0 and for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road, and to and for

rtp.iir the all such Persons as he or they respectively shall appoint, to search for,

*04d cut, dig, get, gather and takeaway any Furze. Heath, Stems, Gravd,

Sand or other Materials for making and repairing the said Roads, out of and from any Commons or Waite Ground, River, Brook, or ! it, in any Parish, Township, Hamlet, Division, Dillrid, or Place, in which any Part of the Road hereby directed to be made, amended, and repairel shall lie, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, Hamlet, Divtflon, Dlfliid, or Place, without paying any Thing for the lame, the said Surveyor or Surveyors,

or other Person or Persons acting by his or their Appointment, filling up

the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Ground, or Hoping itown the Banks where such Materials shall he taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits or Quarries, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Pafiengeis or Cattle; and also that such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, may by Order of the said Trustees .'such Order to be made at some Meeting of the Trustees to be ho’den in pursuance of this Act, and a Copy thereof to be given to such Surveyor or Surveyors, attelled and signed by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees) search for, cut, dig, gather, and take away any such Materials as aforesaid, in, off, from and out of the private Lands. Fields, or Grounds of any Person or Persons where the fame may be had or found (such Lauds, Fields, or Grounds, not being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, Walk or Walks, or Avenue to a House, or any Piece of Ground planted and set apart as a Nurs. ry fur Trees), making or tendering such Satisfaction for the fame, and for any Damages done thereby to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds where and from whence the same shall be cut, dug, gotten, gathered and carried away, or over which the fame or any other Material* for making and repairing the said Roads shall be carried, according to their respective Rights and Interests in such Ground, as the said Trustees shall deem reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Persons employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any of them, concerning the Value of such Materials and Damages, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two Justices of the Peace of the County, District or Place, where such Materials shall be so cut, dug, gotten, gathered, taken, and carried away, on

49* GEO R.G11 III. Cap. r 2.

Tea Days Notice thereof in Writing being given by either Party to the other, or left at their respective Places of Abode, to hear, settle, and determine the Matters of such Payment and Damages; and the Judgement or Order of the said Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties.

XLV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take or carry away any Materials for repairing such Road out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds until Notice in Writing, signe.l by the Surveyor or Surveyors, shall have been given to the Owner and Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Owner and Occupier at their respectbe usual Places of Residence, to appear before the said'i'ruf-tqes or Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County, Ddtrict . or Place where such Premises shall be situate, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had front such Lands or Grounds, and in case such Owner and Occupier or one of them, or their or his Agent, shall attend purftiaot to fitch N dee but shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, then and in fuels Cafe the said Trustees or such Justices shall or may authorize such Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, to dig, get, gather and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times, as to the said Trustees or such Justices, shall seem proper; and if such Owner or Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may make such Order therein, as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Owner or Occupier, or his Agent, had attended.

XI.VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons whosoever shall take away any Stone or Materials which shall have been dug , or gathered by or by Older of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, for the Purpose of making or amending the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, or shall get or take away any Stone, Gravel or Materials, out of any Pit or Quarry, which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting such Materials for amending the said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, before the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or his or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Three Weeks, (except the Owner or Occupier of any private Ground wherein such Pit or Quarry shall have been so made, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials therein for his own private Use only, and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and to and for any Person or Persons whom he or they shall appoint by Order of the said Trustees, to cut and make any causeways or Footpaths upon the Hdes of the said Roads, or to cut Drains or Ditches through or into any Lands or Grounds adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part of the said Roads, or to erect Bridgest over any Drains or Watercourses, in such Manner as such Surveyor or Surveyors shall deem and judge necessary and proper, for amending or keeping in repair any Part of the said Roads; and also to make a Way or Ways through the Lands and Grounds adjoining to any narrow or ruinous Part or Parts of the said Roads '"not being a Garden, Orchard, Park, Yard, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to any House, or any inclosed

219

Vo'ice to br

given to Occupiers f I. nds b fore Mne ia» are Ukti. f 11 i.p oing the kosu.

Penalty o» taking away Material 1, &c. get b> On:er of the Surveyor,

Surveyors may make Drains, &c.

220

making Sitintai-ion (or damage aonc thereby

and in rafj 01 DiiTVi-ctice concerning fame, Justices in Seuioni *i> detirmin;-

8nrvey» rs fiay remove /iinoyances.

Road 'o be

mrafure i a d Mikft ne* and G Me I’olts crciled

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

closed Ground planted or set apart as a Nursery for Trees) to be made use of as a Public Highway whilH the narrow or ruinous Parts of the said Roads are widening or repairing, and until the same shall be convenient and fate for the Passage of Travellers and Carriages, making such reasonable Satis-faction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands respectively through; and into which any such Drain shall be cut, or on or over which any such temporary Road shall be made, for the Damages which such O whers or Occupiers respectively shall or may thereby sustain, as shall be adjudged reasonable by the said Trustees; and in case any Difference shall happen between such Owners or Occupiers and such Trustees, touching Jucli Damage, then and in such Case the Julbcesof the Peace at the first General ot Oeaner Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Surrey or Suffix next after the Expiration of T wetity one Days from the Time of doing such Damage, shall and are hereby authorized and required to hear, settle, and determine the fame; and their Determination therein shall be final and conclusive.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Period or Person.s as he or they shall appoint (by Direction and under the Hands of any Seven or more of the said Tru(lees) from Time to Time to remove and prevent all Nuisances or Annoyances on any Fart or Parts of the said Roads by Rails, Steps, Signposts or other Nuisances, and to turner flop any Watercourses, Sinks, or Drains, running into, along or out of any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof, and to make the same as large and deep as he or they shall think proper, and to cleanse any Ditch or Watercourse next adjoining to any Part of the said Roads, and to cut down, lop or top any Trees or Bullies growing in any part of the said Roads or in the Hedges or Banks adjoining thereto, at proper Seasons of the Year, in case the Person or Persons occasioning such Annoyance, or who ought to remove the fame, or to cleanse such Ditch or Watercourse, or to cut down, lop or top such Trees or Bullies, shall refuse or neglect so to do for the Space of Tw enty-one Days next after Notice in Writing given dor that Purpose signed by any Seven or more of the said Trustees, or by their Surveyor or Surveyors, the reasonable Charges whereof shall be reimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors by the Person or Persons refusing or neglecting as aforesaid; and in case any such Person shall not, upon Demand, pay and reimburse to such Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons, in like Manner as is herein authorized or directed for the Recovery cf any other Penalty inflicted by this Act; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances any Person shall again offend in the like Manner, cv.ry such Person shall fer every such Offence over and above such Cha ges as aforesaid, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceding Five Pounds, one M-uety whereof shall goto the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be apjl.cd to the Purposes of this Act.

iLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cause the said Road to be measured, and Milestones to be set up at or near the Sides thereof, at the Distance of one Mile from each other, wfh In-feriptions there-on denoting the Number of Miles and Distance of Places, "as the said Trustees shall think fit, and also cause to be erected Guide Tofts upon such Parts of the said Road where the same are crofted dr joined by other Roads, as they shall judge proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully

49° GEORGII III. Cap. ll. 22t

fully break, throw down, injure, destroy, obliterate or deface any Table of Tolls, Milestone or Poll, eiefted on any Part of the said Road, or any of the Letters, Figures c-r Marks inscribed thereon, or shall wilfully break, throw down or injure any Stone or Stones, or Parapet Wall or Walls on the Side or Sides of any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, on any Part or Parts of the said Roads, every such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for each l able of Tolls, Stone, Pod, Parapet Wall and Arch so broken, thrown down, injured or destroyed, or on which any Letters, Figures or Marks shall be so obliterated or defaced, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the purposes of this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or negligently injure, destroy, break down, or otherwise damage, j.-OJtpathe, or shall ride on or drive or lead any Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, &c. over or upon any Footpath or causeway made or to be made on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Roads; or if any Driver of any Waggon or other Carriage shall wilfully or carelessly break or damage any of the Pods or Stones which may be erected for the Security of the said Footpaths or causeways; or if any Person or Persons shall plough over, or drag any Plough upon any Part of the said Roads, or in ploughing shall turn any Horse or other Bead drawing any Plough upon any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall scrape off any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon any Part of the said Roads, with any lndrument,so as to damage the said Roads or any Part thereof; or if any Person shall hale or draw or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any $tone (otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages,), or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber, or Stone which shall be carried upon a wheeled Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Roads, shall differ the same to root up or damage the said Roads or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Bankings or Copse on either Side thereof,

or if any Person or Persons shall leave or differ any Cattle, Sheep or Beast to be and remain loose on the said Roads; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise or Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, upon the said Roads, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the left or near Side of the said Roads, or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person from passing him, her or them, upon the said Roads, or the Coach, Chaise,

Waggon, Cait or other Carriage under his, her, or their Care; or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires whatsoever, or shall set fire to or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent or Fire-wotk whatsoever, cn any Part of the said Roads; or if any Person, or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Iiufbandry (without some reasonable Cause, to be allowed by the Justice of the Peace before whom the Person so offending shall be fuminoned or conveyed in order to his or her Conviction, and save and except with regard to such Waggcn, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, during such reasonable Time as the same shall be loading or unloading, and Handing as near to the Side of the said Roads as conveniently may b ) in, upon, or on the Side of the said Roads, either with or without any Iiorfe or Bead of Draught [Lee. b* Per.J 3 A' harnessed

223 49’ GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

harnessed or yoked thereto, or if any Person shall lay any Piece of Timber or any Stones, Bricks, Hay, Straw, Lime, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or ether Matter Or Thingjwhatsoever on any Part of the said Roads or on the Side or Sides thereof to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Annoy, ance, Inconvenience or Prejudice of any Person or Persons travelling there, on, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault, interrupt Or hinder, or cause to be a (Vaulted, interrupted or bin. dered any Collector of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons by them or any of them, or by the said Trustees employed in the execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding 'fen Pounds.

bHiahu-'to *° Lit. And be it further enacted, That all the Inhabitants of the several Repairs. Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Dill rich or Places through which the said intended Roads shall pass, shall be liable to the Repair of such Parts of the said intended Roads as are within their respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Districts or Places, in such and the same Manner as they are liable to the Repair of any other Highway within the same.

rfrr°/,‘. LTII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Persons who by Law

Statute Worn arc liable to do Statute Work on any Part of the Roads within the Parishes, to toninue Townships or Places through which the said Roads or any Part thereof pafles, shall be liable to do' the fame on the said Roads; and it shall and may be jw! ce< to lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Goun.

Deference!. *'es of Surrey and Sussex, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers, and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to fumtnon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the High, ways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons),of the Names of the several Pdrfons who, within such Parish or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Competition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and a!fa the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in Manner and under such Regulations and Redactions as is or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order, such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to tie subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the foul Justicea

10 (kali

Fealty on obstructing the execution of this Act.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 12. 223

shall ihink reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from lime to Time order, dire ft and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or a3 a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by this Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her or them, at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Bealls, to be provided by him, her or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject: or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, such Surveyor or Surveyors is and are hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe, every such Person fending such Labourer,

Team or Draught, shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor or Surveyors so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Trustees may for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, staTut/'vvofk! Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Repairs or Statute Work to be by them done on the said Roads or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads shall Jie and be situate, or with the Surveyors of the Highways for such Parishes or Places, duly authorized for that Purpose at a Public Vestry, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the

224

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

said Trustees in advance, on or before the First Day of May in each and every Year, or other wile the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

Pn.ver to com-

LV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who have subscribed pel Payment of to pay any Money towards making and repairing the said Roads, shall, Subscriptions. an j (he> ancj they is and are hereby required to pay his, her, and their Subscription Money to the Treasurer to the said Truilces, at such Time or d imes as shall be appointed by the said Trustees; and if any such Subscriber shall neglect to refuse to pay such Money as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trull ees to i'ue for and recover the fame by Action at Law, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

ForfscuTliig transent Ot'« lenders.

Aftirns to be brought in th Name of the Treasurer •r < lerk, or st Trustees who a e net to b' personaUv liable to Coil

LVI. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors or other Officers appointed to put this Act into execution; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the said Trustees, or their Clerk or Clerks, or the Collectors, Surveyors or other Officers respectively, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistanee, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her or them, before any Justice of the Peace for the County or District near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed, or such Offender or Offenders seized anJ apprehended, and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her or their Appearance at some Petty Sessions, to be holden within and for the County or Dictrift, in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices, present at such Petty Sessions, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary Way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, she or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Petty Sessions as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the same County or District, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Thirty Days, unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred for such Offence or Offences, together with the Colls and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and

be sued in the Name or Names of their Treasurer or Clerk, or in the Name of any One of the said Trustees on behalf of the said Trustees and no such Action shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of the Person in whose Name or against whom the same shall be brought or commenced, nor by the Act of such Person or Persons done without the Confers of the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act j but no Treasurer, Clerk or Trustee, or an; or either of them, shall be subject to the Payment of any CofLs or J'xptrees mA' * oa

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 12. i'25

on account thereof, hut all such Costs and Expences shall be defrayed out of the Money arising by virtue of this Act, collected or received by the said Trustee*.

LVH1. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures f°.r Rand° A[> determined by virtue of this Act imposed (the Manner of levying and recovering pH ation of whereof is not hereby otherwise particularly directed) shall be levied and Penalties-recovered by Did refs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace for the County, Town or Place where the Offence shall be committed,

(which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant upon the Confession of the Party, or upon the Evidence of any credible Witness upon Oath, and which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), and the Overplus (if any) of the Money arising by such Distress and Sale shall be returned, upon Demand, to the Owner of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the Costs and Charges of making, keeping and felling the Distress; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered (it not he'ein before directed to be otherwise applied) shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, to be applied towards the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distref* shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of such County, Town, or Place where the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, nor less than One Month, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That for the more speedy Conviction DSrifling the of all Offenders against this Act, all and every the Justice and Justices of ^nviaion the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the Form or to the Effect following:

( ‘ 1 DE it remembered, That on the Day of

* To wit. j in the Year of our Lord

‘ is convicted before me [or, us] -

# ‘ of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the by

i * virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Forty-ninth

i ‘ Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled,

t ‘ An Act [hereJet forth the Title of this Act, and specify the Offence, and the

i * Time and Place when and where the Jame was committed]. Given under my

(• * Hand ant! Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first above

‘ written.'

LX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Appeal. Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done in purl'uance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the First General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Surrey or Stffex next after the Expiration of Three Months from the Time such Matter of Appeal shall have arisen, ihe Person or Persons appealing . having first given Fourteen Days Notice of least of his, her, or their Inten-

\ [ Per.] 3 L tion

12 6

Distrcf. not to b- unlaw‘ul for want of Foim,

Proceedings

not to be quxfiied for want of Form.

Notice of Action to be jriven, anil Pla'ntiil not to recover a ter lender of amends.

If no Tender

wa. made Money may be paid into Court.

4/, GEORGII III. Cap. ra.

rion to bring fetch Apical, and of the Matter thereof, to the Treasurer or Treafui.qrs, or Clerk to the said Trustees, and within Seven Days after fLicit Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for such County or Place, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try Inch Appeal, and abide the Order thereof, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justice? at such Quarter Seiberts; and the said just ices in such Sefhons, upon due Proof of such Notice and Recognizance having been given and entered into, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a summary Way, and to make such Determination therein, and to award such Costs to either of the Parties, or otherwise, as they shall judge proper; and the said Justices may, if they fee Cause, mitigate any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and may also order such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable; and all such Determinations of the said Justices shall be final, binding and conclusive upon all Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Notice, Information, Summons, Con-vibtion, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which fitail be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Verdict, Assessment, Judgement, or other Proceedings, made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or touching or concerning the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, shall be quaffed or vacated for Want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Coutts of Record at Westminster; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in anyvrife notwithstanding.

LXIIb And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action to be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Abt, unless Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Twenty-one Lays before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Csufe of such Action; nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall have been made to him, her, or them, or to his, her, or their Attorney, byoron Behalf of the Defendant oi* Defendants, before such Action brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, by Leave of the Court wherein such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, (lie, or they shall think tit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judge.

J o ment

227

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 12.

ment, shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, after Twelve Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and every such Action or Suit shall be brought and tried in the County of Surrey or County of Sussex, where the Cause of Action shall arise, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead, at his and their Ekftion, specially or the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the fame shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought before Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given, or after a fufn-cient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nenfuited, or discontinue his, her or their Action or Suit after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said Trustees shall be regularly entered in a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose, and figr.ed by the Trustees present at the Meeting or Meetings at which such Orders shall from Time to Time be made, or Proceedings shall be had, or the major Part of such Trustees; and that such Book or Books shall be opened at all seasonable Times for the In-speftion of any of the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue of this Act, without Fee or Reward; and such Entries, being so signed, shall be deemed Originals, and the fame, or true Copies thereof, shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

LXVL. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take place on the Twenty-ninth Day of April One thousand eight hundred and nine, and shall be in Force and have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

l imitation of Actions.

Orders and

Proceedings of Trullees to be entered in a Book.

Public AJ1.

Commencement md Continuance of the Afl.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

has

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 13.

An Act for inclosing Lands in the Parishes of Boconnoc, Braddock, and Saint Winnow, in the County of Cornwall.

[24th March 1809.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parishes of Boconnoc, Braddoc, and Saint Winnow, in the County of Cornwall, certain uninclosed Downs, containing in the Whole by estimation Two thousand three hundred Acres, or thereabouts; whereof the Right Honourable Anne Baroness Grenville, Wife of the Right Honourable William Wyndham Lord Grenville, Baron Grenville of Wotton under Berne Wood in the County of Bucks, is Owner and Proprietor: And whereas the said Anne Baroness Grenville is also Lady of the Manors of Boconnoc, Braddoc, and Bawdoc, and all other the Manor or Manors in which the said Lands are situated, and is seised of and entitled unto the Soil and Inheritance thereof, and to all Mines, Minerals, Quarries, and Royalties within and under the fame: And whereas certain Leases determinable on one or more Lives have been heretofore granted to divers Persons of certain Lands and Tenements within the said Manors and Parishes, together with Commons of Pasture upon and over the said Downs, and Rights of cutting Turf thereon, to the Extent and on the Terms in the said Leases respectively specified; and such Leases are now in part subsisting: And whereas the said Downs in their present State are of little Value to the Persons interested therein; but if the fame were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof were assigned and allotted to the Parties interested, in proportion and according to their [Lcr. & Per.'] '3 M several

2 30

49° GEORGII III. Cap. r3.

several Rights and Interests therein, it would be of Advantage to them and also of publick Utility; but such Division and Inclosure cannot, during the Exi(fence of the aforesaid Leases, be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in th:s present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho-Comtn'fltoner rity of the fame, That John Bowen of Bodmin, in the said County of •^pointed. Cornwall, shall be and he is hereby appointed the foie Commissioner for surveying, dividing, and inclosing the fame Downs, and allotting the fame amongst the several Persons interested therein, and for otherwise carrying the several other Purposes of this Act into Execution, and also such of the Powers, Regulations, Restrictions, and Provisions contained in an Act, passed in the Forty-first 'i ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for confo idating in One Ad certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure, and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Fads usually required on the Paj/ing of such Acts; as are not varied, altered, or repealed, or otherwise provided for by this Act.

For ippo'nt.

II. And be it further enacted, That if the said John Bowen, or any Coufmimoi er Commissioner to be nominated and appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall die, or refuse to act, or become incapable of acting as Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, and of the said recited Act, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Anne Baroness Grenville, her Heiis and Assigns, by any Writing under her, his, or their Hand or Hands, to nominate arid appoint, as often as there shall be Occaflori, a fit and proper Person (not interested in the said Division or Inclosure) to be iht Commissioner in the Place of the said John Bowen, or any Commissioner so dying Or refuting to act, or becoming incapable of acting as aforesaid j and every Commissioner so nominated and appointed shall, after taking the Oaths prescribed in that Behalf, have the fame Powers and Authorities in all respects for carrying this Act, and the said rricited Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as if he had been originally named and Appointed a Commissioner in and by this Act.

:r . '

Commissioner.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner shall and ofhi* Siu!»b" is.hereby required to cause Notice to be given in Writing of the fimt

- " ' and Place of his first and every other Attendance for the Execution of

this Act, by affixing the fame on the Doors of the respective Parish Churches of Boconnoc, Braddoc, and Saint Winnow aforesaid, On some Sunday immediately before Divine Service, at It aft Six Days before such Attendance (Attendances by Adjournment only excepted); and the said Commissioner shall and may adjourn any such Attendance from Time to 'lime to such Time, and from Place to Place, as he shall see Occafipn, within the Parish of Boconnoc aforesaid, or within Eight Miles thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all other Notices necessary to be given by the said Commissioner in pursuance of the said recited Act or of this Act. unless otherwise particularly directed, shall be given in Writing by affixing the fame upon the outer Doors of the said respective Parish Churches of Boconnoc, Braddoc, and Saint Winnow aforesaid, and also 4 by

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

"by Advertisements in the Newspaper called The Royal Cornwall Gazette, if then published, and if not, then in some other Newspaper circulated in the said County of Cornwall.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall arise between any of the Parties who are or before the making of the Award of the said Commissioner shall be interested in the said Division and Inclosure, touching or concerning the respective Rights and interells. Shares and Proportions, which they or any of them shall have or claim to have, of, in, or to the said Downs or any of them, or any Part or Parts thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the Division and Inclosure hereby directed to be made, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required to examine into, hear, and determine the fame respectively; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend so as to enable the said Commissioner to determine any Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Inclosures and Incroachments which at any Time within Thirty Years lad past have been taken from or made upon the said Downs, other than such Inclosures as shall have been made by the said Anne Baroness Grenville, or the Lord or Lady of the said Manors for the Time being, or shall have been made or held by any Person or Persons under or by virtue of any Grant, Lease, or Covenant from the said Anne Baroness Grenville, or the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the Manors aforesaid for the Time being, or any of them, being Proprietors of the Soil of the said Downs, shall be deemed Part and Parcel of the said Downs to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act; and in case any Difference or Dispute shall arise touching any such Inclosures or Incroachinents being deemed Part or Parcel of the said Downs, or respecting the Date or the Extent thereof, such Difference or Dispute shall be examined into, settled, and determined by the said Commissioner, whose Determination shall be final and conclusive between the said Parties.

VII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioner shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, to be delivered to him in purfuar.ee of this Act or the said recited Act, or upon the Plearing and Determination of any Dispute or Difference as aforesaid, fee Cause to award any Costs, ft shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby empowered, upon Application made to him for that Purpose, to settle, afiefp, and award such Costs and Charges as he shall think reasonable to be paid to the Party or Parties in whose Favour any Determination of the said Commissioner (half be made, by the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Claim or Claims, Objection or Objections, shall be thereby dii'allowed or overruled, or against whom the said Commissioner shall have determined as aforesaid; and in case the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Costs and C barges, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal directed to any Person whomsoever, to cause such Costs and Charges to be levied by Diltrcfs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person

or

Mir determine ditpuiei Claims.

Incrach-

n-.enti-

Commissioner irav assess Colb.

232 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, so neglecting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any), upon Demand, to the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so distrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

Power t» try

diluted

CUimj.

Court rr>sy put off T rial or award a new T'i.tl, upon Caule Cicnn.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, interested or claiming to be interested in the said Division and Allotment, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissioner, touching or concerning any Claim or Claims of any Right or Interest in, over, or upon the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or any Part thereof; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, to proceed to a Trial at-Law of the Matter so determined by the said Commissioner, at the then next or at the following Assizes to be holden for the County of Cornwall; and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioner, shall, within Three Calendar Months next after such Determination shall be made and declared, cause an Action to be brought upon a feigned Issue in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster against the Person or Persons, Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Actions shall forthwith name an Attorney or Attornies, who shall file Common Bail or appear thereto, and accept one or more Issue or Issues whereby all such Claim or Claims, Rights and Interests may be properly tried and determined, such Issue or Issues to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which such Action shall be brought, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame j and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in the said Action or Actions shall be final and conclusive upon all and every Person or Persons, Body and Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought, shall set aside such Verdict or Verdicts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to do, if the said Court shall think proper; and after a Verdict or Verdicts shall have been obtained, and not set aside by the Court, the said Commissioner shall, and he is hereby authorized and required to conform thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claims thereby determine;!, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the Court in which any Action commenced in pursuance of this Act shall be depending, upon sufficient Cause shewn to put oft’ the Trial of such Action, and also to award a new Trial therein, although the Time herein-before limited of Trial of such Action may be thereby exceeded: Provided always, that the Determination of the said Commissioner touching or concerning such Claim or Claims of any Rights of Common or other Rights or Interests in, over, or upon the said Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, or any Part thereof, which shall not be objected to in due Time, or being objected to, the Party or Parties objecting shall not cause such Action or Actions at Law to be brought and proceeded in as aforesaid, shall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

233

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or in cases of Persons in whose Favour any such Determination shall have been made, and against whom any such Action or Actions might have been brought, f0r: Aoi-jm if living, shall die before any such Action or Actions shall have been fought, the brought, and before the Expiration of the Time herein-before limited for carne-io-i bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Per- ana deftnrfed fons, Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, who might have brought such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the fame within the Time so limited as aforesaid against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to serve the Clerk of the said Commissioner with Process for commencing such Action or Actions in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have been served there with if living; and it shall therein also be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, as if such Person or Persons had been actually living; and the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act Persons in contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioner to determine any ^moused Right between any Parties, contrary to the Possession of any such Parties without <tus (except in Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of Thirty ~""r" ci. Years, as herein-before mentioned); but in case the said Commissioner shall be of Opinion against the Rights of the Person or Persons so in Possession, he shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon until the Possession shall have been given up by, or recovered from, such Person or Persons by Ejedtment or other due Course of Law: Provided also, that if Action not any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof. Parties, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner, after setting Allotment to out the Roads and Ways in Manner directed by the said recited Act, shall fr'ef/ikcUii set out, assign, and allot so much and such Part and Parts of the said the Lrmis to Downs unto and amongst the several Persons interested in the said Downs, be mclosed. according to their several and respective Rights and Interests therein under

or by virtue of any Lease or Leases thereof as aforesaid, as he the said Commissioner shall think necessary, in fuels Quantities, Shares, and Proportions, as he shall judge and determine to be just and adequate to and far such their respective Rights and Interests therein, having a due Regard as well to the Quality and Quantity as to the Situation of the said Downs to be divided; and the fame Allotments shall be had and taken by the several Persons entitled thereto in lieu and full Bar, Satisfaction, and Compensation of and for such their several and respective Rights and Interests of, in, and to the said Downs hereby directed to be divided; and the said Commissioner shall also with all convenient Speed, after such setting out and allotting is completed, deliver or cause to be delivered to each of the several Persons interested in the said Division and Inclosure, or to each of their respective Agents, a Notice in Writing signed with his Name, specifying the Quantity in Statute Measure, and the Situation of the Allotment or Allotments set out and allotted to or for the Person or Persons whose Allotment or Allotments shall be described in such Notice in Writing; and the [Zee. U Per.2 3 N said

?3+

Plai'tine young Trees.

Allotment of the Residue,

Allotments to be of the tame Tenuie Property for which allotted.

Tor extin-guKUing or suspending Rights of C iminooi before the Award.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

laid Commissioner shall also specify in such Notice which Part of the Hedges or Fences such Persons shall respectively be required to make and repair, in order that all Persons interested in the said Division may have an Opportunity of considering the Justice and Equity of such Division before the said Commissioner shall make and publish his final Award.

XII. And whereas the promoting the Planting and Growth of Timber Trees in the said Hedges and Fences may be of material Benefit to all the Parties interested in this Inclosure; be it therefore enaEted, That the said Commissioner shall have Power in such Notice in Writing, and also in his final Award, to direct and require that such Proportion of young Timber Trees as he shall judge reasonable, shall at the Time of making the said Hedges and Fences be planted thereon, and that the same shall be preferred and maintained, and in case of Damage by Neglect replaced at the Charge of the Person or Persons who shall be required to make such Hedge or Fence respectively: Provided always, that the young Trees for the aforesaid Purpose shall be found and provided by the said Anne Baroness Grenville, her Heirs and Aflrgns, or other the Person or Persons entitled for the Time being to the Soil, Reversion, and Inheritance in, upon, and to the said Downs hereby intended to be inclosed.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioner (after setting out Roads and making the several Allotments aforesaid) shall set out, allot, and award the Residue of the said Downs hereby intended to be divided and inclosed unto the said Anne Baroness Grenville, her Heirs and Assigns for ever, or other the Person or Persons entitled for the Time being to the Soil, Reversion, and Inheritance in, upon, and to the said Downs hereby intended to be inclosed, as a full Satisfaction and Compensation for all his, her, and their Estate, Right, and Interest therein.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Allotment and Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act in or upon the said Downs, in Satisfaction of any Right of Common of Pasture, or of cutting Turf, so granted as aforesaid, shall from and after the making the said Award be held under and subject to the fame Tenures, Services, Rems, Chief Rents, Quit Rents, Covenants, Charges, Clauses, and Provisoes, as the Lands or other Estate in respect of which they were so respectively allotted are held and enjoyed, and the same shall be held by the Parties to whom the same shall be so allotted, for and during the Continuance of the Leases by which such Rights were so granted, and no longer; and from and after the Expiration of such Leases respectively the Property and Possession of the Allotments made in respect thereof shall revert to and be vested in the said Anne Baroness Grenville, and her Heirs and Assigns for ever, or other the Person or Persons entitled for the Time being to the Soil, Reversion, and Inheritance in or upon and to the said Downs hereby intended to be inclosed.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized at any Time or Times before the Execution of his Award, by Writing under his Hand to be affixed upon the principal Doors of the said respective Parish Churches of Boconnoc, BradJoc, and Saint Winnow, to order and direct all or any Rights of Common, or other Commonable Rights whatsoever, in, over, or upon the said Downs hereby directed to be divided and allotted, or

any

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 13. 235

any Part thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended for and during such Time or Times as shall be expressed in such Writing; and that all such Rights as the said Commissioner shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall, from the Time of affixing such Writing on the said Church Doors, cease, determine, and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof shall be suspended accordingly; any Law, Cuilom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Not to cut

Person or Persons whomsoever, until the Execution of the Award of the Leave

said Commissioner, to cut, dig, pare or carry away any Turf, Sod, Furze, of the Com-or Gravel, in, upon, or from the said Downs, or any Part thereof, with- '"‘fliuner. out the Licence of the said Commissioner under his Hand first had and obtained.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to out Roaa« and for the said Commissioner, and he is hereby authorized and empowered in case he shall think proper, to alter, turn, flop up, destroy or

divert any publick Road or Roads, Way or Ways, leading through or over any Part of the said Downs, and also such Parts of any other Road or Roads, Way or Ways within the aforesaid Parishes, as lead directly to or from the same; subject nevertheless to such Provisions and under such Directions as are contained in the said recited Act, respecting the flopping up of any old or accustomed Roads or Ways.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Exchanges, and for the said Commissioner to set out, allot, and award any Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said respective Parishes

of Boamnoc, Braddoc, and Saint H'lnnow, in lieu of and in Exchange for any ether Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever within the said respective Parishes, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet,

Township or Place, provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified, and declared in the Award of the said Commissioner, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors, shall be a Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, or Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple, or for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtesy of England, or for Years determinable on any Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees for charitable or other Purposes, Husbands, Committees, or Attornies of or acting for any such Owners or Proprietors as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Covert,

Lunaticks, or under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas, or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself (such Consent to be testified in Writing under the common Seal of the Body or Bodies Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, and under the Hands of the other consenting Parties respectively); and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments held in Right of any Church, Chapel, or other Ecclesiastical

11 Benefice,

Award to b; depjflieti.

Expences of the Act.

In cue of Praprietors felling Rights before the Award, Commissioner may afot to ilit Pm chafer.

490 GGEORGII III. Cap. 13.

Benefice, without the Consent (testified as aforesaid) of the Patron thereof, and-of the Bishop of the Diocese in which such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so to be exchanged, shall lie and be situate.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That as soon as conveniently may be after the Division and Allotment of the said Downs shall have been made and completed, and other the Provisions and Directions of this Act be carried into Execution, the said Commissioner shall form and draw up an Award in Writing, with one or more proper Plan or Plans thereto annexed, in the Manner prescribed by the said recited Act, which said Award shall be fairly ingrossed on Parchment, and be signed by the said Commissioner, and shall within Six Calendar Months next after the same shall have been signed as aforesaid, be deposited with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County of Cornwall, who is hereby required to'receive, keep, and deposit the fame amongst the Records of the said County (for the depositing of which the Sum of Three Guineas and no more shall be demanded and paid), to the End that Recourse may be bad thereto by all Persons interested in the said Division or Inclosure; for the Inspection of which said Award One Shilling shall be paid and no more; and a true Copy thereof, or of any Part thereof, when and as often as the lame shall be required, shall be delivered to any Person or Persons, signed by the Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy for the Time being, purporting the same to be a true Copy, for which no more than Two-pence per Sheet, reckoning Seventy-two Words to each Sheet, shall be paid, which said Copy, as also the original Award to be written on Parchment and ligned by the said Commissioner, shall at all Times hereafter be admitted as legal Evidence thereof in all Cafes whatsoever.

XX. And be it further enacted, That as well the Fees and Payments of the said Commissioner, as also the Charges and Expences attending the soliciting, obtaining, and passing of this Act, and the surveying, planning and measuring, dividing and allotting the said Downs, and of preparing, making, executing, and depositing the said Award of the said Commissioner, and also the Charges and Expences attending the letting out the Highways or Roads, and of making any new Highways or Roads, which shall be set out and appointed or directed to be made by the said Commissioner, shall be borne and defrayed by the said Anne Baroness Grenville, her Heirs and Assigns, or other the Person or Persons entitled for the Time being t» the Soil, Reversion, and Inheritance in, upon, and to the said Downs hereby intended to be inclosed; but the Charges and Expences of keeping such Roads in Repair shall thenceforth be borne and defrayed in the same Manner as the Charge for repairing the other Roads in the fame Parishes respectively are now borne and defrayed.

XXI. And whereas several of the Rights before-mentioned are of very small Valtte, and the Expence of separating, inclosing, and fencing such Parcels of Land as might be allotted in respect thereof might even exceed the Value thereof, and in certain other Cafes the Owners of such Rights might prefer to receive a Compensation in Money for the Value thereof rather than to incur the Expence of inclosing the fame; be it therefore enq&ed, That if any Person or Persons owning any such Rights as aforesaid shall signify such his. her, or their Desire to the said Commissioner in Writing at the First Meeting to be held for the Execution of this Act,

or

237

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

or at any such other Meeting as he shall thereafter appoint for this special Purpose, such Commissioner shall thereupon proceed to assess the Value of such Rights in Money, and shall give to such Owner or Owners a Ticket, specifying the fame; which Sum or Sums the said Anne Baroness Grenville, her Heirs or Assigns, or other the Person or Persons entitled for the Time being to the Soil, Reversion, and Inheritance in, upon, and to the said Downs hereby intended to be inclosed, shall pay to such Party within One Calendar Month from and after the Date of the making the final Award under this Act; and the Allotments of Land which would have been made in respect of such Right so compensated shall be added to the Residue of the said Downs, and allotted to the said Anne Baroness Grenville, her Heirs or Assigns, or other the Person or Persons for the Time being so entitled as aforesaid, in such and the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as the Person or Persons felling such Right might, could, or ought to have had, held, and enjoyed the fame in case such Sale had not been made, or such Right, Interest, or Property had been veiled in such Person or Persons at the Time of making such Allotment as aforesaid.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That once at least in each and every Commir-Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from conn' Ao tit the Day on which this Act shall receive the Royal Assent), the said Com- auJitei. missioner shall, and he is hereby required to make a true and just Statement and Account of all Sums of Money by him received or expended,

or due to him for his own Trouble or Expences in the Execution of this Act, and such Statement and Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, shall be audited and examined by Watson.

Sharman of Boconnoc aforesaid. Surveyor, who is hereby appointed Auditor for that Purpose, and in case of his Death, or refusal to act, by such other Person as shall be appointed Auditor for that Purpose, such Appointment shall be made in like Manner as is herein-before provided for the Appointment of a new Commissioner in the Room or Stead of the said John.

Bo-wen; and the Balance shall be by the said Auditor stated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the said Commissioner or of his Clerk; and no Charge or Item in the said Accounts shall be binding on the Parties concerned, or valid in Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by the said Watson Sharman, or such other Auditor as aforesaid.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained Act nit to shall extend or be construed to extend, to revoke, make void, alter or Sttl,e‘ annul any Deed, Will, or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Portion, Debts

or Incumbrances out of, upon, or affecting any of the Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be respectively allotted or appointed by virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, but that the Lands or Grounds, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be respectively allotted or appointed by virtue of this Act, and the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be allotted, shall be seised thereof to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Limitations, Estates, Conditions, Settlements, Provisions, Remainders, and Reversions, as the several Lands,

Grounds, or other Property, in respect of which such Allotments shall [_Loc. & Per.] 3 O be

238

Appeal to ths Quarter Serious.

Saving to the Lord.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. ij.

be respectiv-ely allotted, set out, and made, were and flood limited, settled, veiled, to, for, or upon, or were severally subject and liable to, at or immediately before the said Award shall be made-

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Matter or Thing whatlo-ever to be done in pursuance of the said Act of the Forty-first Year of His present Majesty, or of this Act (other than and except in Cafes whereby any of the Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, or the Determinations, Acts, or Proceedings of the said Commissioner are directed to be final and conclusive, and except as to such Claims, Matters, and Things as are herein-before directed or authorized to be ascertained, settled, tried, and determined by the Verdict of a Jury); then and in every such Case he, she, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be holden for the County of Cornwall or Hundred of Weft, within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said Commissioner, and to the Party or Parties concerned, One Calendar Month’s Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof; and the justices (not interested in the Premises) in their General Quarter Sessions are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of every such Appeal, and to make such Order and award such Costs and Damages as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable; and by their Order or Warrant to levy the Costs and Damages which shall be so awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, and shall not be removed nor removable by Centerari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; and in case such Appeal shall appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Costs to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants as to them in their Discretion shall seem reasonable, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid,

XXV. And be it further enacted, That nothing In this Act contained shall be taken or construed to defeat, leilen, or prejudice the Right or Interest of the said Anne Baroness Grenville, as Lady of the Manors aforesaid, or of the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors for the Time being, of, in, and to all Mines, Minerals, Foflils, and Quarries, in or under the said Downs; but that the said Anne Baroness Grenville, her Heirs and Assigns, and other the Person or Persons entitled for the Time being to the Soil, Reversion, and Inheritance in, upon, and to the said Downs hereby intended to be inclosed, at all Times hereafter shall and may hold and enjoy these and all other Rights, Royalties, and Privileges to them belonging in respect of the said Manors, in and over the said Downs, in as full, complete, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made, making due Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners of any Allotment or Allotments, for any Damage which shall or may be done by searching for or working such Mines or Quarries, in all Cafes where by the Laws and Customs of the Stannaries such Satisfaction is demandable.

4

XXVI. Saving

49° GEORG 11 Iir. Cap. 13.

XXVI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and to all other Person and Persons, Bodies Politick, Corporate and Collegiate, his, her, and their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators (except the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments or other Cornpensation shall be made by virtue of this Act, and except such other Rights and Interests as are by this Act intended to be barred, destroyed, or extinguished"), all such Estates, Rights, Titles, Interests, Claims, and Demands, of, in, and to the said Downs, as they had and enjoyed before the passing of this Act, or could or might have had and enjoyed in case this Act had not been made.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof so printed shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, and others.

239

GeneraS

Earing.

fublick Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan. Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809,

fSi

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 14.

An Act for more effectually repairing, improving and keeping in Repair, several Roads in the Counties of Brecon, Radnor, and Glamorgan, and for making and maintaining two new Branches of Road to communicate therewith.

[30th March 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, King George the Third intituled. An 7 o. 3. c. 60. Act for repairing and widening several Roads in the County of Brecon: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and 17 G. 3. 0.75. Powers of an Act, passed in the seventh Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for repairing and 4 widening several Roads in the County of Brecon, and for amending certain 4 other Roads in the said CountyAaid whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-second Year of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for 11 G.3* C. 113-repairing and-widening the Road from the Town of Brecon, through the Town of Hay, in the County of Brecon; and also the Road through Marish Lane to the Builth and Hay Turnpike Road near the Village of Llyfwen in the same County: And whereas an Act was passed in the Forty-fourth Year o t His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and g. 3. c. 3*, altering and enlarging the Powers of an Act paged for repairing the Road from the Town of Brecon through the Town of Hay, to the Builth and Hay Turnpike Road near Llyfwen in the County of Brecon; and for more effevitally repairing the Road leading from the Furnace Turnpike Gate, to [Tee. IT Per.] 3 P the

242

New Road*.

The Taid several Acts repeal*, d.

and this A *5! cxci uted in-ftcad there of.

This Act made fub e<51 to the Pa>-

49* G EO R G11 III. Cap. 14.

the Gate leading to Garthbrengy Common, in the said County And whereas the respective Trustees appomred in or by virtue of the said recited Acts have proceeded in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities vested in them respectively, and have for that Purpose borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the respective Tolls authorized to be taken on the said respective Roads, which still remain due and owing: And whereas the Money so due and owing cannot be paid off, nor can the several and respective Roads comprised in the said recited Acts be kept in Repair and properly improved, unless the Terms of the said Acts be further continued; and the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts having been found in many Respects defective and insufficien,?, it would be more convenient to the said respective Trustees, and the several and respective Roads herein after mentioned might be more effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, if the said Acts were repealed, the several Powers and Provisions thereof cor.folidated and made One joint Trull, and further and other Powers and Provisions granted inllead thereof in One Act of Parliament: And whereas the Road leading from the Brecon and Merthyr Road, at or near a Place called Nant-yr-Eira in the Parish of Cantreff, in the said County of Brecon, to the Merthyr and Neath Road on Hirwain Common in the Parish of YJlradyvoduck, in the County of Glamorgan, and which said Road doth pass from through and into the several Parishes of Cantreff, and Pender in in the said Counry of Brecon, and the Parish of YJlradyvoduck in the said County of Glamorgan; and also the Road leading from or near Crickhoivel Bridge in the Parish of Llangattock, in the said County of Brecon, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Abergavenny to Rbyd-y-blew in the County of Monmouth, at or near a Place called Pentioyn Clydach, in the Parish of Llanelly in the said County of Brecon, which said last-mentioned Road doth pass from through and into the several Parishes of Llangattock and Llanelly afere-said in the said County of Brecon, arc Roads of great public Utility, and are in many parts thereof very much out of Repair, narrow, circuitous, and incommodious, and cannot be eileftually amended, widened, improved and kept in Repair by the ordinary course of Law; but if the fame weie made Turnpike, and included in the Powers and Provisions of this Act, it would be a great Convenience, Advantage and Accommodation to the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility: but the several Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty, That it rnay be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lores Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Second Wednesday in the Month next after the passing of this Act, the said Acts passed in the Seventh, 'Twenty-seventh, Twenty second, and Forty-fourth Yerrs of the Reign of His said present Majesty, shall be 2nd the same are hereby declared to be repealed, and null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that inllead thereof this Act shall commence and take effect, and be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, for the Purpose of more effectually repairing, widening, altering, making, improving and keeping in repair, the leveial and respective Roads herein-after described.

II. And be it further enacted, That this Act, and the Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment

49’ GEORGII III. Cap. 14. 243

ment of all Monies which have been borrowed or are now due and owing all

on the Credit of the respective Tolls authorized to be taken by the said borrowed on

recited Acts or any or either of them, and of all Interest due and to grow

due thereon respectively, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, cts‘

as if such Monies had been borrowed or become due and owing on the

Credit or on account of this Act; and that all and every Persons and Person owing any Sum or Sums of Money to the Trustees for executing the Persons owing

said recited Acts, or any or either of them, shall be liable to the Payment Money to

thereof to the Trustees for executing this Act; and all Bonds, Covenants, Jj"yJ."ue

Agreements, Contrafts and Securities entered into by any Person or Per- and ail Bond«,

fons to or with the Trustees for executing the said Acts of the Seventh,

Twenty-seventh, Twenty-second, and Forty-fourth Years of His said Ma- force;

jesty respectively, or any Five or more of them, shall remain in full Force

and Effect, and be and continue available in all Courts of Law and Equity,

until the same are fully satisfied and performed on account and for the

Benefit of the Trust under this Act; and all Lettings of Tolls, Contrafts and all Let-

and Agreements made or entered into by the said Trustees for executing tinss cf r°u‘

the said Acts hereby repealed respectively, or any Five or more of them,

to or with any Person or Persons, shall l'emain in full Force and Effect,

and be observed and kept by the Trustees under this Act according to the

Terms and Stipulations thereof respectively, such Repeal or any Law to

the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Roads made, opened, widened. The Road,

diverted, (hut up, or discontinued under or by virtue of the Powers and ihut

Provisions of the said Acts hereby repealed, any or either of them, shall former Act. remain and continue open, widened, diverted, shut up, and discontinued so to remaa* in such and the same Manner as at the Time of passing this Act; and that the Trustees under this Act shall be discharged from the Care and Management of all Roads except those hereinafter specified and described.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the Roads directed by this Act to The Ro»J* be made, amended, improved, repaired, and kept in Repair, shall be as 'indeI trhi?, follows (that is to say), the High Road Ieading’from the Confines of the u e ’ County of Carmarthen, in the Way from Llandovery through Cwm-y-dwr,

and by Llywell Village to Trecastle, thence over Rhyd-y-brti Bridge to the Town of Brecon, thence by Llanfaintfraed Church to the Confines of the County of Monmouth in the Road to Abergavenny; from Trecastle to a Bridge called Pontnewydd in the Road to Talyfarn; and also the Road from Pontneath Fechan by TJlradvelltey, to the Road leading from Brecon to Merthyr Tydvil, at a Place called Tay Rhos; from the Road leading to Pontneath Fechan to Rhyd-y-bru Bridge; also the Road from Brecon to the Mountain Gate called Clwyd-y-fedw, in the Parish of Cantrejf, Part of the Highway by Pontjliccill, to the Confines of the County of Glamorgan; the Road from Brecon, by Cappel Dyffiryn Honddu, to Bui/th; from Cappel Dyffryn Honddu over New Bridge on Irvon, to the Confines of the County of Cardigan; and also the Road from the Town of Brecon, by Battle and Pontfaen to Merthyr Church; and from Nar.t y seen, through Talgarth, by the Three Cocks to Builth, thence to the Confines of the County of Carmarthen, at Ludlow Facb, and from a certain Place called Ty%Cocb-Vach, into that Road; from Talgarth, through Broynllys to Llyfwen; from Talgarth, by the White Hart at the Bwlcb, over New Bridge by Llangunnider to Rhyd-y-Btew, the Road from Crhkhowell, through Llan-

9 gunnider.

244-

Trustees.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

gunnider, to Derwen-y-G roes in the Parish of Llanvigan; and from the Town of Brecon through the JVatton, the Parish of Llanfrynach, over New Bridge to Derwen-y-G roes-, Three Miles from Brynich, through Llanjihangtl Tal-y-llyn, towards Llangorfe-, also the Road from the Watton by Penkerrig C chon, to the Hay Road; Three Miles towards TraUwng and from the Two-mile Stone on the Road from Brecon to Builth, to Sarncy Common, all within the County of Brecon; the Road leading from the Town of Brecon, through Glyn Tarrelth, to the Confines of the County of Glamorgan in the Road from Merthyr Tyd-vil, th rough the several Parishes of Saint David’s, Llanfpythyd, Devynnock, Cantreff, Penderryn, and Llanthetty, in the County of Brecon; the Road from the Village of Llanjihangel Tal-y-llyn, over Hemley Common to join the Turnpike Road leading from Llangorfe towards Talgarth, through the Parishes of Llanjihangel Tal-y-llyn, and Llangorfe j the Road leading from the Hay Turnpike Road near Pont-y-bnt by Treguntur, to join the Road leading from Trevecka towards Talgarth, through the several Parishes of Llandcvalley, Llanvillo, and Talgarth; and also the Road leading from the Hay Turnpike Road by the Tilly, Llanthomas, Tregoid, Velindre, and Gwernevet, to join the Turnpike Road leading from Talgarth towards the Three Cocks, through the several Parishes of Hay, Llanigon, Glazbury, Broynllys, and Talgarth; the Road leading from the Town of Brecon to the Turnpike Gates called the Black Lion Gate and the Whitney Gate, in the Town of Hay, in the said County of Brecon; and the Road leading from the Turnpike Gate called the Furnace Turnpike Gate, on the Left-hand Side of the said Turnpike, through the Village of Llanddew, to the Gate leading to Garthbrengy Common; the said Road leading from the Brecon and Merthyr Road, at or near a place called Nant yr Eira, in the Parish of Cantreff, in the said County of Brecon, to the Merthyr and Neath Road on Hirwain Common, in the Parish of Tjlradyvoduck, in the County of Glamorgan, which said last-mentioned Road doth pass from through and into the several Parishes of Cantreff, and Penderin, in the said County of Brecon, and the Parish of Tjlradyvoduck, in the said County of Glamor-

fan, and also the Road leading from or near Crickhowell Bridge, in the ‘arish of Llangattock, in the said County of Brecon, to join the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Abergavenny to Rhyd y-blew, in the County of Monmouth, at or near a Place called Pentwyn Clydach in the Parish of Llanelly, in the said County of Brecon, and which laid last-inen-tioned Road doth pass from, through, and into the several Parishes of Llangattock and Llanelly aforesaid, in the said County of Brecon.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Henry So-merfet, commonly called the Marquis of Worcester, the Right Honourable Grenville Somerset, commonly called Lord Grenville Somerset, the Right Honourable Edward Henry Somerset, commonly called Lord Edward Henry Somerset, the Honourable George Ashburnham, Henry Allen Esquire, Henry Alien the younger, John Henjleigh Allen Esquire, Williams Allen Clerk, Edward Allen Gentleman, Hugh Bold the elder, Hugh Bold the younger Esquires, Richard Bevan Doctor of Physic, Richard Sevan Esquire Barrister at Law, John Roderick Prytherch Sevan Esquire, Henry Bey non Clerk, Thomas Bold, John Brown, Thomas Bridgwater, Richard Branthwaite, Michael Bridgwater, James Beavan, Thomas Bowen Gentlemen, Richard Crawjhay, Thomas Cooke, Charles Cracroft, Charles Watkins Cracroft Esquires, Robert Curry, Thomas Coke Clerks, John Church, Samuel Church Gentlemen, Richard Davies Clerk, Archdeacon

of

49° GEORGII Hi. Cap. 14.

• of Brecon, Richard Davies of Courtygollen Clerk, Henry Davies, Georg: Augnjius Davies, Colonel Richard Davies, William Davys of Dolycoed, Richard Davies, Jonathan Dixon Esquires, Reynold Davies, William Davies Clerks, John Downes, William Davies of Bronllys Castle, James Davies, Edward Davies of Llangattock, David Davies Gentlemen, Edmund Ejlcourt, Trijlram Everejt, 'John Everejl Esquires, James Evans Clerk, Evan Evans of Llanelly, Evan Evans of Cwmdulas Gentlemen, Fredrick Fredricks, Edward Frere Esquires, Thynne Howe Gwynne, Thynne Howe Gwynne the younger, Sackville Gwynne, Marmaduke Howell Thomas Gwynne, Matthew Gwyn, William Greenly Esquires, Fleming Gough, David Griffith, Charles Griffith Clerks, William Gwyn, David Gwillim of Cefn-bran, John Gwillim, John Griffiths of Brecon, William Gilbert, Evan Gwillim of Gaer Gentleman, the Honourable John Harley Clerk, Benjamin Hall, John Josiah Holford, Samuel Homfray, John Hotchkis, Richard Hill Esquires, John Hughes Clerk, Edward Hughes, Thomas Howell Doctor of Physic, Benjamin Howell Clerk, Thomas Howells of Hay, John Herbert Gentlemen, Walter Jeffreys, Edward Jones, Edward Jones the younger, James Jones of Llanthomas, David Jones of Llwynd-derw, William Jones of Ty-mawr, Theophilus Jones, Frederick Jones, John Jones of Skethrog, William James of Trebinfhan Esquires, Thomas James, John Jones of Brecon, Hugh Jones of Talgarth, David Jones of Pont-ar-frin, Evan Jones of' Ynys-fawr Clerks, Evaili Jones of Maes-y-Faynor, Jehofaphat Jones, Thomas Jones, John Jones, Thomas Joseph Gentlemen, Edward Kendall of Danypark Esquire, John Lloyd of Aberannell, John Lloyd of Brecon, Capel Leigh, John Llewellin, Edward Price Lloyd, Robert St. John Luces, David Lloyd of Brecon, David Lloyd of Wain-y-mynich, Aythan Lewes, Joseph Latham Esquires, Uri Delahay Lewis, Thomas Longfellow, John Longfellow, Lewis Lewis, Charles Lawrence, Thbmas Lloyd of Hay, Watkin Lloyd, Daniel Lloyd Gentlemen, Robert Lucas, Jeffrey Llewellin Clerks, Sir Charles Morgan Baronet, Charles Morgan, William Morgan Clerk, Edward Morgan, John Macnamara, Arthur Macnamara, John Macnamara the younger, Thomas Meredith Esquires, John Meredith, Thomas Maybery, Launcelot Morgan, William Morgan of Garawen Esquire, William Morgan the younger, Thomas Morgan of Bolgoed, Philip Morgan, Thomas Morgan Clerk, David Morgan of Blaenlenny, John Morgan of Glalbury, John Maund, Howell Morgan of Llanfaes, Morgan Morgan of Porth Gentlemen, Craddock Howell Clerk, George North Gentleman, George Overton Esquire, Thomas Harcourt Powell Esquire, Thomas Powell Clerk, Gabriel Powell, Thomas Price of Builth, Samuel Evans Price, Hugh Price of Castlemadock, Samuel Pryce of Brecon, David Price of Brecon, John Powell of Llau-geney, Waller Price of Glvnllech Esquires, Robert Penny Doctor in Divinity, Henry Thomas Payne, John Price, Thomas Proffer Clerks, Walter Powell of Brecon, John Powell of Brecon, John Powell of Maefpoih, Penry Price of Maes-vr-onn, Charles Prichard, William Parry of Tretower, William Parry the younger, Thomas Price of Hay, David Prichard of Dol-gaer, William Powell of Llanddew’r cwm, John Price of Cwmwhefry, Thomas Prothiro, Thomas Price Tanner, Howell Jones Price, Howell Powel of Glvnllech, Llewellin Powell, David Price of Park, Lewis Powell of Maefcarnog, David Walter Powell, John Peirce, Llewellin Proffer of Llangunider Gentlemen, John Rumsey Esquire, Sir Robert Salusbury Baronet, Henry Scourfield, William Henry Scourfield, Thomas Stephens, Richard Isaac Starke, Frederick Samuel Secretan Esquires, Jair.es Spencer Gentleman, Sir John Thomas Baronet, [JLec. & Per.'] 1 3 Henry

246

Power to

choose Dew Tiuftcei.

Qualification of Tru.'teea.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 14*

Henry Thomas, Evan Thomas, David Thomas, David Thomas the younger,-William Taitt, Lewis Thomas Esquires, John Godfrey Thomas, John Thomas Clerks, Charles Vaughan Clerk, Thomas Vaughan of Cathedine, V till am Gwynne Vaughan of Llanvillo, Walter JUlkins of Macflough, Walter Wilkins the younger, Thomas Wood of Gwernevett, Thomas Wood, Penry Williams of Penponr, Thomas Wilkins, Jeffreys Wilkins, William Wilkins, John Wilkins, John Parry Wilkins, Jeffreys Wilkins the younger, George Pryfe Watkins, Robert Williams of Brecon, Robert Williams of Aberbraen, James Williams of Hay, Edward Williams, Richard Henry Wellington, John Williams of Velinnevrydd, John Williams of Brecon, William Williams of Wheat-street, William Williams the younger, William Williams of the Struet, Rees Williams of Aberpergwm, Robert Williams of Crick-howell, Henry Rumsey Williams, George Griffies Williams, Walter Watkins of Llydyadyway Esquires, John Williams Clerk, Archdeacon of Cardigan, John Williams Clerk, Canon of Saint David’s, David Williams, John Wilkins, Thomas Watkins, Walter Wilkins, Thomas Williams of Llanfrynach, Thomas Williams of Devynock, Thomas Williams of Brecon Clerks, John Wood, Peter Wood, Lewis Williams of Troefcoed, Benjamin Williams of Brecon, Walter Williams of Brecon, Charles Lewis 11 Uliams, Richard Wilkins, Edward Wilkins, George Williams, Wat Lin Watkins of Devynnock, Thomas Watkins of Castlemadock, Thomas Watkins of Bronllis, William Williams of Manned:, Walter Williams of Baylie, Thomas Wheeler, Gentlemen, and Osborne Teats Esquire, and their Successors to be elected in Manner hereinafter mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making, repairing, widening, improving, and keeping in Repair the said several Roads hereinbefore mentioned and described, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Trustees named in or to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall die or refuse to act, it shall be lawful for any Five or more of the surviving or remaining Trustees, by Writing under their Hands (at any Meeting whereof at least Seven Days Notice shall have been given upon all the Toll Gates erected or to be erected upon the said Roads, and to be inserted in some Newspaper circulated in the said County of Brecon, specifying that an Appointment of new Trustees is intended to be made at such Meeting), to nominate and appoint feme other Person to be a Trustee in the Room of such Trustee so dying or refusing to act as aforesaid; and every Person so nominated and appointed (being qualified as by this Act is required) shall have the like Power and Authority to act as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, as the Person had in whose Stead he shall be appointed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act unless he shall be possessed of an Estate in Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said County of Brecon, of the clear yearly Value of Eighty Pounds above Reprizes, or possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate to the Amount or Value of Two thousand Pounds, over and above Payment of his Debts, or unless such Person shall be Heir Apparent to a Person possefTed of an Estate in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of One hundred and Sixty Pounds, in the County of Brecon, and unless such Person so qualified as aforesaid shall take an Oath in the Words or to the Effecc following (that is to say) j

7

I A. B.

49° GEORGII Iii. Cap. 14.

I A.B. do swear. That I truly and bond fide am- in my own Right [or,

* in the Right of xny Wife] in the actual Possession and Enjoyment [or ‘ Receipt] of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of the clear yearly Value of Eighty Pounds, in the County of

* Brecon [or, that I am Heir Apparent to a Person possessed of an Estate

* in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of ‘ One hundred and Sixty Pounds above Reprizes, in the County of

* Brecon,] [or, that I am possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate alone

* of the Value of Two thousand Pounds over and above Payment of

* my Debts.’] ‘ So help me GOD.’

And if any Person hereby deemed incapable to act shall presume to act in the Execution of this Act, every Rich Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, wherein no Essoign, Profeftion, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty, without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act; and no Trustee shall be capable of acting in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted, during the Time in which he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act, or in any Case where he shall be personally interested; nor shall any Victualler or Retailer of Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, or any menial Servant of any Trustee, be capable of holding any Place of Profit under this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Acts which shall have been done by any such Person touching the Execution of this Act, previous to his being convicted of the Offence before mentioned, shall, notwithstanding such Conviction, be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been qualified to act according to the Directions of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees by virtue of this Act, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Treasurer or Clerk, nor by the Act of such Treasurer or Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at a Meeting held in pursuance of this Act, but that the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed to be the Plaintiff or Defendant (as the Case may be) in every such Action or Suit: Provided always, That every such Treasurer or Clerk in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully indemnified, reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Damages, and Expences as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceedings he shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto

H7

Oath,

Penalty on if not

qualified.

No interested Trustee to act, nor any Victualler or menial Servant of a Trustee to hold a Place of Proiit.

Acts of unqualified Trustees before Conviction to remain valid.

Trustees may sue and be ftied in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk.

Treasurer or Clerk to be reim'iurfed the Hxpencei,

248

First Mtetin] of Trusteei.

Power to adjourn.

The Majority of Trustees afferobleci to concur in all Orders.

Trustees btine Justices of the Peace may a :t as such.

How Order* of Trustee* to be revoked or altered.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

or become chargeable with by reason of his being lo made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Fire or more of them, shall meet at the Shire Hall in the Town of Brecknock, or some convenient House or Place in the said Town, on the Second Wednesday in the Month next after the passing of this Act, or as soon after as conveniently may be, between the Hours of Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, and Two of the Clock in the Afternoon; and shall then and there proceed to the Execution of this Act, and adjourn themselves from Time to Time, and afterwards meet there or at any other Place on or near the said Roads, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think proper and appoint, as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act in Execution: Provided always, that Two Trustees shall be sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only; and that in case a competent Number of Trustees shall not appear at the Time and Place appointed for a Meeting of the Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, either to act or to adjourn to any other Time; or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, then and in either of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees for the Time being, by a Notice in Writing to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates crested upon the said Roads, and inserted in some Newspaper circulated in the said Counties, at least Seven Days before the next Meeting, to appoint them to meet at the same Place where the last Meeting was held, or was appointed to have been held, on such future Day as shall be specified in such Notice, not exceeding Four Weeks after the Day on which such last Meeting was held or was to have been held as aforesaid; and in case such Clerk or Treasurer respectively shall refuse or neglect to give Notice, or shall by any Means be prevented from giving Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Three of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, at any Time or Times after such Refusal, Neglect, or Prevention respectively as aforesaid, by Notice in writing under their Hands, to be affixed and inserted in manner aforesaid, to appoint the Trustees to meet at the said Shire Hall, or at some convenient House on or near to the said Roads, upon some convenient Day within Four Weeks next after the Date of such last-mentioned Notice.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all the Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees shall be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act, and not othenvile (except as herein mentioned) and no Order or Determination shall be made unless the major Part of the Trustees present at any Meeting shall concur therein; and all such Trustees as are or may be Justices of the Peace may act as Justices in the Execution of this Act notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Order which shall be made by any Five or more of the said Trustees under the Powers of this Act shall be revoked or altered, unless the Number of Trustees revoking or altering the fame shall exceed the Number of Trustees by whom such Order was made, and unless the Person or Persons applying or intending to move to have such Order revoked or altered shall. One Calendar Month at least before such Application or Motion, give Notice thereof in Writing to

249

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

the Clerk to the said Trustees, who within One Week after Receipt of such Notice shall cause true Copies thereof to be fixed on the front Wall of the Shire Hall in the Town of Brecknock, and upon all the Toll Gates then erected upon the said Roads.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of the said for£e'|}££d Trustees shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, jn * Book and and such Orders and Proceedings so entered shall besigned by the Trustees tonsil, making the same, or the major Part of them, which laid Book or Books, and also the Books herein-after directed to be kept for registering Mortgages and Assignments of the Tolls, or Transcripts thereof so signed by the said Trustees, shall and may be read in Evidence in Cafes of Appeal, 2nd in all Saits or Actions touching any thing done or to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XIV. And be it further enacted.That each and every Treasurer, Clerk, oidOffccrsto Collector of the Tolls, Surveyor, and other Officer and Officers nominated and appointed under or by virtue of the said recited Acts, or any or pointed, either of them, shall hold and enjoy their several and respective Offices and Employments until he or they shall be removed therefrom respectively by the said Trustees; and each and every such Treasurer, Clerk, Collector, and other Officer and Officers shall have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act into Execution, and shall be subject and liable to the like Pains and Penalties, and to the like Powers of Removal, and to the like Rules and Regulations in all Respects whatsoever, as if he and they had been nominated and appointed under or by virtue of this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or Truij« may more of them, at their first or any subsequent Meeting, as occasion shall «£°|nt require, may by Writing under their Hands elect and appoint a Clerk or Clerks, and a Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of such Money as shall arise or may be due and payable by virtue of this Act, and also a Surveyor or Surveyors, and all such other Officers as they the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think necessary and proper to be employed in the Execution of the Powers of this Act; and also may remove from Time to Time all such Clerks, Trea- and comore furers, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers, or any them-of them, as they the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall fee Occasion, and the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall and may, out of the Money to be raised or received by virtue of this Act, make such Allowance unto the Clerks, Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers so appointed, and to such other Persons as shall be assisting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to them the fai d Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem proper; and every Officer and officfr,to Person who shall be appointed as aforesaid shall from Time to Time, when actount* thereunto required by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, make out and deliver to such Trustees or to such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall for that Purpose appoint, a true and perfect Account in Writing under his or her Hand of all Monies which shall have been by him or her had, collected, or received, and how, and to whom, and for what Purpose, the fame and every Part thereof hath been disposed of, together with the Vouchers and Receipts for such Payments, and lh<<ll verify such Account upon Oath, if [Lac- fs* Per.'} 3 R thereunto

350 49° GEORGII III. Cap. t4-

thereunto required by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (which Oath the said Trustees or any one of them are or is hereby empowered to administer); and every such Officer or Person shall and is hereby required to pay all such Monies as upon the Balance of such Account shall appear to be owing from him or her to such Person or Persons as the said 'I ruflees or any Five or more of them shall appoint to receive the same; and if any orbepunisheit. such Officer or Person shall refuse or neglect to render and deliver such Account as aforesaid, or to produce and deliver up the Vouchers and Receipts relating to the fame, or to verify the Articles thereof upon Oath, or to pay the Balance thereof when thereunto required in Manner aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, ®r to such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall appoint, within Seven Days after being thereunto required by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or by such other Person or Persons, all Books, Papers, and Writings in his or her Custody or Power, relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case, Complaint being made thereof by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by any Person or Persons on their Behalf, of any such Neglect or Refusal, to any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place where the Officer or Person so neglecting or refusing shall live or reside, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Officer or Person to be brought before him, and upon his pr her appearing, or not being to be found, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary Way, and to settle the said Account, if produced, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them might have done; and if upon the Confession of the Officer or Person against whom such Complaint shall be made, or by the Oath or Oaths of any credible Witness or Witnesses, it shall appear to such Justice that any of the Monies which shall have been colletled or received shall be in the Hands of or owing from such Officer or Person, such Justice may and he is hereby authorized and empowered, upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to cause such Money to be levied by Dif tress and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of such Officer or Person respectively, and if no Goods or Chattels can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Monies, and the Charges of taking and making such Distress, and of felling the fame, or if such Officer or Person shall not appear before the said Justice at the Time and Place appointed for that Purpose, or if appearing shall refuse or neglect to make out and deliver to the said Justice such Account in Writing as aforesaid, or to verify the fame on Oath as aforesaid (if so required by the said Justice), or to produce and deliver up to the said Justice the several Vouchers and Receipts relating to such Account, or to deliver up as aforesaid, all such Books, Papers and Writings as aforesaid, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid the said Justice may and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Officer or Person to the common Goal or House of Correction of the County or Place where he or she shall live or reside, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until he or she shall have delivered in and settled such Account, and have verified the fame upon Oath as aforesaid, and shall have delivered up the Vouchers and Receipts relating thereto, and shall have paid all the Money which shall appear to be in the

Hands of or owing from him or her, and the reasonable Charges of such Distress and Sale (if any) as shall in that respect have been made, or until fce or she shall have compounded with the said Trustees or any Five or more 10 , v -• Qf

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 14. 25c

of them for such Money and Charges, and paid the Composition Money to the said Trustees or any Five or more of them or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same, (and which Composition the said Trustees or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered to make), and shall have delivered up as aforesaid, all such Books,

Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or have given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees or any Five or more of them: Provided always, that no Person who shall be committed for want of sufficient Distress shall be detained in Prison for any longer space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or Treasurer to more of them, shall and they are hereby authorized, directed, and requi- 61Te Security red to take such Security from the Treasurer or Treasurers to be appointed

for the Purposes of this Act, for the due Execution of his and their said Office and Offices, as to the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall seem meet.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Col- Trustees may lector or Receiver of the Tolls by this Act granted shall neglect to perform ^"0nJarj. or be incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or absent himself, CulleptoiI. any Two or more of the said Trustees (though not assembled at a Meeting

of the said Trustees appointed by virtue of this Act) may discharge such Collector or Receiver lo neglecting or being incapable of performing his Duty, or absconding or absenting himself; and in such Case, and also in case any such Collector or Receiver of the Tolls shall die, the said Trustees or any Two or more of them shall and may nominate and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, to continue until the next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the Head of such Collector or Receiver who shall so die or be discharged; and such Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority, and be answerable and accountable in the same Manner in all respects, as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or would have been subject to; and if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, who shall be discharged from his Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow, or any of the Children, Family, or other Representative or Representatives of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll Gate or Toll House, or any of the Appurtenances thereof, for the space of Seven Days next after Demand thereof made, and Notice in writing given for that Purpose by any Two or more of the said Trustees, (although not assembled at any Meeting), or by their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, then and in any of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County in which the same shall be situate, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals, to order any Constable or other Peace Officer, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House and Appurtenances in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, or in Possession of the said Gate, together with his, her, or their Goods, out of and from the same, and to put the said Trustees, or any one of them, or such new appointed Collector or Receiver, into the Possession of such Toll Gate, Toll House «nd Appurtenances.

252

Power to eontimie and erect Toll Gatej, ice.

To prevent evading Payment ot‘ Tolls on Commons.

Power to take Tolls.

T»tls.

48’ GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, as they shall think proper, continue or remove all or any of the Toll Gates, Bars or Chains erected by virtue of the said recited Acts, and may ered and set up or cause to be erected and set up any other Toll Gate or Gates, Bar or Bars, Chain or Chains, in, upon, or across any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and upon the Sides thereof, and also across any Lane or Way leading into or out of the fame; and may also continue, ered, or provide a Toll House with suitable Outbuildings and Conveniences at or near each Toll Gate; and may from Time to Time afterwards remove, alter or discontinue such Toll Gates, Bars, Chains, or Toll Houses, or any of ihem, as they the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think expedient; and also may take in and inclose from the Side of the said Roads convenient Garden Spots for the Toll Houses respectively, not exceeding One-eighth Part of an Acre to each Toll House: Provided always, That no Toll shall be taken at any Gate or Turnpike under this Act within the Diitance of Seven Miles ol any other Gate or Turnpike under the same Act, Toll having been on the same Day paid at such other Gate or Turnpike, and a Ticket thereof produced, except as herein-after mentioned to the contrary. ,

XIX. And whereas some Parts of the Roads included in this Act lead over open Wastes and Commons, and the Tolls at Gates in such Situations are liable to be evaded; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and may cause Fences and Ditches to be made over such Parts of such Wades and Commons as they shall think necessary, in order to prevent Payment of Toll being evaded; and if any Person or Persons shall pull down or in any wise displace, destroy, or carry away any such Fence, or any Part thereof, or shall fill up or injure any such Ditch, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds: Provided always, that no ancient Road or Highway running a-cross the said Roads shall be dopped up or obstructed, and that no such Fence or Ditch to be made as aforesaid, shall extend more than Half a Mile from any Turnpike Gate erected or to be erected under or by virtue of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the respective Sums of Money following shall be demanded and taken at each and every of such Toll Gates, Chains, and Bars (except as herein-after mentioned), from the Owner or Owners of, or Person or Persons using or attending any Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall from Time to Time authorize or appoint for that Purpose, before any such Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carnage shall be permitted to pass through the fame, that is to say;

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead of Burthen, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of I hree Halfpence, except Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or Asses, going for or returning laden only with Lime, carried and not drawn, and for each such Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, the Sum of One Penny:

Foi ^evtry Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Bead drawing any Waggon, Wain,. Cart, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Four Pence, except only those going for or returning laden with Lime, and nothing else:

For

253

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

For every Hcrfe, Mare, Gelding, or other Bead drawing any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other Carriage going for or returning laden with Lime, and nothing else, with the Wheels of such Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage of less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Three Pence, and with the Wheels of Six Inches or upwards, the Sum of Three Halfpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead drawing any Coach, Chariot, Chaise, Landau, Phxton, Curricle, G'g, Carr of Pleasure, or for travelling, or any other such like Carriage, the Sum of Six Pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead drawing any small Sledge, the Sum of Three Halfpence:

For every Score of Oxen or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three Pence; and for every Score of Calves, Swine, Goats, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Seven Pence Halfpenny; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of Oxen, or other Neat Cattle, Calves,

Swine, Goats, Sheep or Lambs.

The said several Tolls to commence and take EiFedt respectively as follows When com (that is to lay); the Tolls at all Gates, Bars, and Chains on and by the mciluns' Side of the said Road from Brecon, through the Town of Hay, immediately from and after the passing of this Act, and the Tolls at all other Gates,

Bars, and Chains, under this Trud, from and after the Twenty-ninth Hay of September next; and that in the mean Time the fame and the thr mean

like Tolls shall be taken and continued at the said lad mentioned Time the Gates, Bars, and Chains, as shall be taken at the Time of passing this to^uken*' Act.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the respect Double Tolls tive Toll Gatherers or Collectors on the said Roads, and they are hereby on Sundays, authorized and empowered, on each and every Sunday (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock on Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock on Sunday Night) in each and every Year during the Continuance of this Act, to demand and take for and in respect of each and every Carriage, Horse,

Bead, or other Cattle passing through any Gate or Turnpike upon the said Roads, or any of them, double the Toll or Sum which may for the Time being be demanded and taken by virtue of this Act for the fame respectively on any ocher Day of the Week, before' such Carriage, Horse, Bead, or other Cattle shall be permitted to pass through any such Gate or Gates,

Turnpike or Turnpikes; which said respective Sums of Money hereby au- •j'0]|,veffedin thorized to be taken as aforesaid shall be demanded and taken in the Name the Trustees. of or as Tolls, and shall be and are hereby veded in the said Trustees, and shall be applied as herein-after is directed; and if any Person subject or liable to the Payment of any of the said "l olls shall, after Demand thereof made, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part or Parts thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons authorized and appointed as aforesaid to collect! such Tolls by himself or themselves, or taking such Abidance as he or they shall think necessary, to seize and didrain any Cattle or other Thing upon or in respect! of which such Toll is hereby imposed, together with their respective Bridles, Saddles, Gears, Hamel's or Accoutrements, or any Carriage, in respect of the Horses or Cattle drawing the Carriage on which such Toll is imposed, or any of the Goods or Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay; and if the Toll, or any Part thereof so neglected or refused to be paid, and the reasonable \ Loc.is Per.~] 3 S Charges

254

49° GEORGII III. Cap. ix.

Changes of such Seizure and Distress, shall not be paid within the space of Five Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Per-fonsfo seizing and distraining may fell the Cattle, Carriage, or 'lhirtgs so seized and distraired, or a sufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus of the Money to arise by such Sale (if any) and what shall remain unfold, upon Demand to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by such Seizure, Distress and Sale, shall be deducted.

No Toll into the Town of Brecon n Lin e made at Canal Co’s Kilns, near LorUnjjoch.

XXII. Provided always, That no Toll shall be taken or demanded at any Gate, Bar, or Chain erected or to be credited between the Town of Brecon and the Lime Kilns of the Brecknock and Abergavenny Canal Company, near Dorlangocb, for or in respedit of any Horl'e, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead, Waggon, Carter other Carriage, going for or returning laden only with Lime made at such Kilns, or at any other Kiln or Kilns hereafter to be erected within Two hundred Yards thereof.

Retraining

XXIII. And be it furthe enacted, That no Gate shall be erected, or Toll Pectin- Gate' ta^en on the Road leading rrotn or near the said Bridge, called Pontnewydd or takingTolls in the Parish of Llywell aforesaid, to the Confines of the County of Car-1 laces a'iXc war then, in the Road leading to Tal y Sam, within One Mile of the House formerly known by the Sign of The White Hart Inn, and now called or known determined by the Name of the Earl Camden’s Anns in Trecastle aforesaid; nor shall any Turnpike cr Toll Gate be erected, or Toll taken between the Town of Crickhowell, and the County of Monmouth, nor between Crick-bowell Bridge, and the Point where the said If oad leading therefrom to Pentiuyn Clydacb enters into the Grounds of Edward Kendall, Esquire, called Dany Park, near Wenllan Brook, nor between the Bridge called Hay Bridge, and the Town of Hay aforesaid; and every Person or Persons having palfed over the said Bridge called Hay Bridge, and paid the Toll or Pontage payable there, and producing a Note or licket of the Payment thereof, and passing with the fame Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other fort of Cattle, the same Day before Twelve of the Clock at Night, through the Road leading from the said Town of Har, to a Place called Dishpool Lane, in the said County of Brecon, or going with an empty Waggon or Cart for Lime, and returning with the fame loaded with Lime through any of the said Turnpikes, over the said Bridge, the same Day, shall be free from Payment of any Toll in respect thereof; and every Person, or Persons, coming through the said Road from D'Jhpool Lane, and having paid the Toll, or any Share thereof here-by granted, coming into the said Town of Hay, and passing over the said Bridge culled Hay Bridge, with the fame Coach, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other fort of Cattle, the same Day before Twelve of the Clock at Night, upon producing a Note or Ticket of such Payments, the Collector or Collectors of the said Toll or Pontage payable at the Bridge shall and may allow out of the said Toll or Pontage such Sum for which such Note or Ticket shall be given, and shall thereupon be entitled to receive the same from the Collector or Collectors to be appointed under or by virtue of this Act, to whom such Sum was paid, provided the fame bt demanded within Twenty Days next following, and such Sum and Sums shall be alccr tamed by producing such Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, and also by the Oath of the Collector or Collectors of the said Bridge

Toll

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i\. 25

Toll or Pontage, of his having actually allowed such Sum or Sums before a Justice of the Peace for the County of Brecon aforesaid; and it any Dispute shall arise concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, such Justice may hear and d&ermine the fame in afummaty Way.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Turnpike Gate, Narrower Bar, shall bt erected or placed between the present Turnpike Gate called wa'gmis. Glasbury Gate, in the County of Radnor, and the Village of Broynllh, in

the said County of Brecon, for the Purpose of taking Toll for narrow-wheeled Waggons, Carts, or other such Carriages, (on which Account alone such Turnpike Gate or Bar shall be permitted to be erected and placed,) a Ticket denoting the Payment of Toll at either of the Gates erected under and by virtue of the said recited Act of the Twenty-second Year of His present Majesty shall exempt every such Carriage from the Payment of Toll at such Gate or Bar so to be erected between Glasbury Gate and Broyr.llis aforesaid, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Payment ot Persons paying the Tolls aforesaid, for or in respect of any Horse, Cattle, or j^y Road not other Bead, or Carriage, whatsoever, at any or either of the Gates now to exempt erected or hereafter to be erected on or by the Side of the said Road leading !£c °’j£r 0B from the Town of Brecon to the Turnpike Gates called the Black Lion Gate the Reverie, and the Whitney Gate, in the Town of Hay, shall be exempt from Payment of Toll at any Gate, Bar, or Chain now erected or hereafter to be erected on or by the Side of any or either the saidother Roads hereinbefore described and that no Person or Persons paying any such Tolls as aforesaid at any Gate, Bar or Chain, now erected or hereafter to be erected on or by the Side of the said other Roads, any or either of them, (Trail be exempt from Payment of Toll at any or either of the said Gates erected or to be erected on or by the Side of the said Road from Brecon to the said Gates in the Town of Hay (except as herein is otherwise mentioned), any thing herein contained to the contray notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons The like Propaying any of the Tolls aforesaid for or in respect of any Horse, Cattle, or n ^wRoad"1*1' Carriage whatsoever, at any Gate, Bar, or Chain to be erected on or by the Side of the said Road from the Brecon and Merthyr Road, to the Merthyr and Neath Road, or on or by the Side of the Road from the said Point near Wenllan Brook, to the said Road leading from Abergavenny to Rhydyblew shall be exempt from Payment of Toll at any Gate, Bar, or Chain, now erected or hereafter to be erected on or by the Side of the said other Roads hereinbefore described, any or either of them; and that no Person or Persons paying any such Toll as aforesaid at any Gate, Bar, or Chain now erected or to be erected on or by the Side of the said other Roads, or any or either of them, shall be exempt from Payment of Toll at any Gate, Bar, or Chain to be erected on or by the Side of the said Road from the Brecon and Merthyr Road to the Merthyr and Neath Road, or on or by the Side of the said Road from the said Point near Wenllan Brook, to the said Road leading from Abergavenny to Rhydy blew, any thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

256

Dispute* concerning Tolls how to be felt Kit.

Collectors of Toll' competent witnessei.

Trofleei may

let the Tolls.

Tower to vary Tolls.

Highelt

Tolls.

49° GEORGII III. Gap. 14.

XXVII. And be it farther enacted, That if any Dispute find! happen

about the Amount of Toll due, or the Charges of keeping any Distress, it shall be lawful for the Collector or Person distraining to retain the fame, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof (as the Case may happen) until the Amount of Toll due, and the Charges of seizing, distraining, keeping and felling (as the Case shall happen', shall be afeenained by One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Dispute shall aril'e, who upon Application made to him or them for that Purpose shall examine the said Matter on Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Witness’es, and determine the Amount of the Toll due, and also assess the Changes of such Seizure, Distress, Keeping, and Sale; and also of the Collector's Attendance for that Purpose on the said Justice or Justices; all which Sums so determined or addled shall be paid to the said Collector or other Person before he shall be obliged to return the Distress, or the Oveiplus after the Sale thereof, or of any Part thereof.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise, touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any ether Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being appointed to collect such Tolls, or by reason of his, her, or their acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them (at any Meeting whereof One Calendar Month’s Notice shall have been given in Writing, to be affixed upon all the Toll Gates then erected on the said Roads, and inserted in some Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads) from Time to Time, by Writing under their Elands, to demifeor let to farm, or agree to demifeorlet to farm, all or any of the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act, lor any Term not exceeding Three Years, upon public Bidding to the highest Bidder, and for the best Price that can be gotten for the fame, payable at such Times, to such Person or Persons, under such Conditions and Agreements, and with such Sureties for the Payment thereof, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit, and the Money arising thereby shall be applied in' such Manner as the Tolls under this Act are directed to be applied, any thing in any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be holden for that purpose (whereof One Calendar Month’s Notice at the leaic shall be given in Writing, to be affixed on all Toll Gates erected on the said Roads, and in some Newspaper circulated in the County of Brecon) from Time to Time , in case it shall appear requisite or expedient) to raile and advance the Tolls hereinbefore mentioned, or any of them, at all, any, or either of the Toll Gates, Bars, and Chains hereby authorized to be continued or erected (subject nevertheless to the several Exempt ons herein declared^ in Manner following, that is to say;

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead of Burthen, ladeq

or unladen, and not drawing, to any Sum not exceeding Two Pence:

4 For

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 14. 257

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Bead, drawing any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, to any Sum not exceeding Sixpence:

For every H^rfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, drawing any Coach, Cuariot, Chaise, Landau, Phaeton, Curricle, Gig, Carr of Pit a fit re, or 1 or travelling, or any other such like Carriage, to any Sum not exceeding Nine Pence:

For every Score of Oxen or other Neat Cattle, to any Sum not exceeding One Shilling and Eight Pence: and,

For every Score of Calves, Swine, Goats, Sheep, or Lambs, to any Sum not exceeding Ten Pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number of Oxen or other Neat Cattle, Calves, Swine, Goats,

Sheep, or Lambs:

And it shall also be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, at any Meeting to be holden in like Manner, and on like Notice as lad mentioned, to lessen and reduce, and again to raise and advance the several Tolls hereby authorized to be taken or any of them, and to order the same to be taken in such Manner, Parts and Proportions as they shall think fit, so that the respective Polls so raised or advanced never exceed the highed Rate of lolls by this Act authorized to be taken, and so that the said Tolls or any of them, be never lessened or reduced below the lowed Rates hereinbelbre mentioned until the Money borrowed or secured on the Credit thereof, together with the Intered for the fame, be repaid (except the Person or Persons entitled to Four-fifth Parts of such Money consent to such Reduction), and such Tolls so varied, and every of them, shall be collected, recovered, paid, and applied in the same Manner as the Tolls hereby authorized to be taken are directed to be collected, recovered, paid and applied.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall have paid Toltstnbe the Toll by this Act granted for the passing of any Horse, Bead, or Cat- tanken b"‘ tie, through any Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected on the said °nLC * 1 ' Roads, such l’erfin upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll, shall be permitted to pass through the fame Gate or Turnpike with the fame Horses, Beads, or Cattle Toll-free, at any Time or Times during the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in one Night, to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Night, which Note or Ticket the Collector of the Toll is hereby required to deliver Gratis on Receipt of such Toll.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case all or any of the Enabling the Tolls arising by virtue of this Act shall be demised or let to farm to any ^e^ofretT'on Person or Persons in any Manner whatsoever, and the Lessee or Lessees, of Toii Farmer or Farmers thereof, shall neglect or refuse to perform the Terms House^ and Conditions on which the same shall be so demised or let, or in case farm! ' ° the Rent or Rents agreed to be paid by such Lessee or I.efiees, Farmer or Farmers, shall be in Arrear by the space of Fourteen Days next after any of the Days on which the fame ought to be paid pursuant to the Agreement for demifing, or, le ting thereof, then and in either of those Cafes the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Clerk or Treasurer, or any other Person authorized by Writing under the Hands of any Five or more of them, shall be at liberty and they are hereby [Loc. & Per.'] 3 T authorized

25R 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

authorized to enter upon and take Possession of any Toll House or Toll Houses, and the Builuings, Gates, and Appurtenances thereto belonging, and to remove and put out such I effee or Lessees, farmer or Farmers, of the Tolls arising thereat respectively from the Possession thereof, and from the Collection of such Tolls, and' that thereupon it dull be lawful for the said lrustees, or any Fivt or more of them, (if they shall think fitj, to vacate and determine the Contract or Agreement for demiting or letting the said Tolls to such Leifee or Lelees, Farmer or Farmers, and the same shall be utterly void to all Intents and Purposes slave as to the Obligations, Covenants, or Agreements for Payment of the Rent or Rents thereby reserved, or other unperformed or broken Obligations, Cc-venants, or Agreements, on the Letlees Part), as if such Demile or Agreement had never been made; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any f ive or more of them, in every such Care to demifc or let to farm the said Tolls again to any other Person or Persons, or cause them to be collected in such and the same Manner as if no former Demise, Contract, or Agreement had been made relative thereto.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls hereby au-^p'ons :10m thorized to be taken shall be demanded, taken, or received at any of the Tull. Toll Gates erected or to be erected, or continued upon the said Roads, for any Horses, Cattle or Carriages of whatsoever Description employed or to be employed in convtying the Mails of Letters and t.xpreffes under the Authority of His Majesty's Poll Matter General either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning therefrom nor for the Horses belonging to any Officers or Soldiers on their March, or on Duty, nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers; or in carrying any Tick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Hories or other Catile drawing the fame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack or Commifiarat, or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces; nor from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate going to or returning from his own Parish Church, or other Place of Divine Worship, or visiting his sick Parishioners; nor from any Person or Persons going to or returning from his, her, or their Parochial Church, Chapel, or other usual Place of Religious Worship on Sundays, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is or shall be ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any Parish, Hamlet, or Place through which any Part of the said Roads lies, or any other Parish, Hamlet, or Place in the said County of Brecon; nor for any Horses, Beasts, Cattle or Carriages ufedor employed for the Purpose only of carrying or conveying Persons to or from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for any or either of the Counties of Brecon, Radnor, or Glamorgan, or of carrying or conveying Vagrams sent by legal Passes; or of carrying or conveying Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, for the Use of the Owner and not for Sale, or purchased; or of carrying or conveying any Dung, Mould, Manure, or Compcft (other than Lime) to be used only for manuring of Land, or going or returning empty in that Employment; nor for any Horses, Beasts or Cattle employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Plough, Harrow, or other Implement

of

259

49*CECRGII III. Cap. 14.

of Husbandry, enters the Carriage bearing any such Plough, Harrow, or other Implement of Husbandry be also laden with any other Ihing not hereby intended to be exempted from Payment of ‘loll; nor for any Horse, Beall:, or Carriage passing to or repafling from Water or Pasture, not beyond the D (lance of Four Miles, and for either of those j urposes going or passing only from one Parish into the next adjoining Parish, and not travelling more than Four Miles along the said Roads; nor for any Horse, Beast, or other C.at'le, when going to or returning from being shoed or farried, not beyond the said D, Ranee of Four Miles; nor for any Horse, Beast, or Cattle used or employed for the Purpose only of carrying or conveying Materials for the making or repairing any Highway or public Road, within any such Parish, Hamlet, or Place as aforesaid, or for rebuilding, building, or repairing any prtfent or future Bridge or Bridges on the said Roads under this Trulf; nor for any Horle, Beall, Cattle, or Carriage which Ih 11 cross the said Roads only, or shall not pals mere than Gne hundred Yards thereon; nor for any Horse, Mare or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from any Place appointed for Exercise, Inspection, or Review, provided that such Person is in the Uniform of his Corps, and has his Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations appointed for such Corps at tcl!illlvon the Time of claiming the Exemption; and if any Person shall claim and fraudulently take the Benefit of any Exemption in this Act contained or provided for, t^in8 ,ten'flt not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall for every such 0 6xemf> lon,‘ Offence forfeit and pay any oum not exceeding Five Pounds; and in all Cafes the Proof of Exemption shall lie upon the Person claiming the same.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving, ^n|°Miltt».' or causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage r> provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ord- to renaltie* nance, Barrack or Commissariat, or other public Stores of or belonging for over-to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to ws,£ht" any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, be flopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or of bring drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain,

Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, any thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating' to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Tolls-

ride, drive, go, or pass with any Horse, Beall, Cattle, or Carriage, through or ever any Land, Ground, or Place lying by the Side of or near to any Part of the said Roads, or if any Person or Persons owning or occupying any Land, Ground, ot Place fruated as aforesaid, (the fame not being a pub’ic Highway, or a Road to or from some Mill} shall knowingly or wilfully permit or suffer any other Person or Persons to go or pass with any Horse, Beast, Cattie, or Carriage through or over such Land, Ground* or Place, in order cr with Intent thereby to evade the Payment of the said Tolls or any Part thereof, or whereby or by Means whereof any such Eva-

fioa

260 49' GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

fion shall take place or be effected, or if any Person or Persons shall forge, counterfeit, or alter, or shall deliver to oc receive from any other Person any Note or Ticket with Intent to avoid or evade the Payment of the said Tolls or any Part thereof, or shall unload or cause to be unloaded, any Goods, or other Things, or shall talc? off or cause to be taken off any Horse or other Bead from any Carriage, either before or after ha"ing passed thr >ugh any Toll Gate, or having passed through any Toll Gate shall afterwards add or put any Horse or Bead to any Carriage for the Purpose of drawing the fit r.e upon any Pait of the said Roads, wich Intent to avoid or evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or it any Person or Persons shall do any other Act in order or with Intent to avoid or evade the Payment of the said Toll?, or any Part thereof, all and every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds (over and beside' such Damages and Punishments as he, she, or they shall otherwise be liable to determined by Law,) to be recovered in such Manner as is hereinafter provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures, one Moiety whereof, when raised, shall be paid to the Informer, and the other vioiety to the Treal'urer of the said Trullees, to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

Piipttv on

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Farmer, Renter, or Coil tors. Collector of the said Tolls, shall demand and take or cause to be demand-takine v^.ter cc^ ant* *"ken from any Person or Persons any Toll not hereby authorized or 1-ft Toll. to be taker1, or a greater or less Toll than so authorized, such Farmer or than allowed. jjentcr shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, and also his Contraft for renting the Tolls shall be declared to be vacated, if the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit to vacate the fame; and every such Collector, not b ing the Farmer or Renter, shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings; such Forfeitures respectively to be recovered in Manner hereinafter mentioned: Provided always, That if the Justice by or before whom the Matter of Compl int shall be heard shall be of Opinion that the Offender had probable Grounds for such Demand and taking, it shall be lawful for such Justice either to mitigate the said respective Penalties, or wholly to exonerate the Offender therefrom, as such Justice shall think fir, any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawfo! for the said Trust-es, or any Five or more of them, at any of their Meetings to be held under or by virtue of this Act, to erect and set up, or cause to be erected and Jet up, at all or any of the Turnpike Gates now erected or hereafter to'be erected upon the said Roads, such Number of Lamps as they shall think tltcessary, together with proper Lamp Pods and Lamp Irons thereto, and to cause the said Lamps ro be lighted at such Times and in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall from Time to Time direct and appoint; and all Expences attending the providing of such Lamps, Lamp Pods, Lamp Irons, and the Furniture thereof, shall be defrayed out of the said Tolls, or out of any Money to be borrowed on the Credit thereof; and if any Person shall break, throw down, or damage all or any of the said Lamps, or the Pods, Irons, or other Furniture thereof, or shall wilfully and maliciously extinguish any such Lamps, or do any other Damage thereto, such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Stillings, ever and above the Cods 4 and

Power to provide La’np., &c.

yen»lty for breaking or damaging.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

261

and Expences of repairing and attending such Lamps, Lamp Ports, Irons,

Furniture, or Work so broken, thrown down or dam.ig.d as aforesaid.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of ToilGa‘e«, all the Turnpikes Toll Gates, and Toll Houses, and the several Conveniencies and Appurtenances the efo belonging, which are ahead y erected Tri.ft;e»; or made upon or i n the Sides of the said Roads, or which shall be erected

or made by virtue of this Act, and all Materials for building and repairing the fame, and for repairing the Laid Roads, and all the Lamps, Lamp Ports, Lamp Irons, and the Furniture thereof respectively; and all other Materials, Articles, and Things which shall be purchased. collected, or provided for the Purposs of this Act, shall be verted in tire said Trustees, and *»ho may d><* they or any Five or more of them are hereby authorized and empowered to J^e 0 1 e fell or disposeof the same as they shall think proper, and to bring or cause >n(1 drin(r to be brought any Action or Actions, or to prefer or cause to be preferred Aeiiom, *c, and prosecuted any Bill or Bills oflndidment again!! am Person or Persons who Hull without Right keep Possession of any such Hi use or Appurtenances, or shall (leal, take away, break down, or damage any of such Turnpike*, Toll Gates, Toll Houses, Conveniences, Appuitenances, Materials, Articles, or 1'hings, or disturb them or their Agents or Servant* in the Possession thereof.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Powerto Seven or more of them, duly assembled at any Meeting to be holden at

any Time or Times hereafter, may and they are hereby authorized and "Toooofand empowered from Time to Time to borrow and take up at Interest, cn the to »HignT»U». Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, any Sum and Sums of Money as they shall think necessary, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Eleven thousand Pounds beyond the Amount of the Debts due on the Credit of the said Acts, at the Commencement of this Act; and they are hereby also authorized and empowered, either at every such Meeting, or afterwards, by any Writing or Instrument under thrir Hands and Seals, to mortgage all or any Part of the Tolls hereby granted (the Charges of Mortgaging the same to be paid out of such Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, to such Person or Persons, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, as shall advance and lend the fame (subject and without Prejudice to all prior Mortgages made under the said Acts hereby repealed', which Mortgages shall be made in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the like Effect (that is to say);

< T?Y Virtue of an Act, passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of Form of

* His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An43, &j:.\_here Mo"Saie*

‘ insert the Title of this All) We, Seven of the Truflses for putting the said ,tt in Execution, in C.ontideration of the Sum of

c to the Treasurer of the said Trtiftees in Hand paid, do grant, bargain, fell,

<■ and demise unto A.B. his [or, ber’j Executors, Administrators, and Af-« signs, such Prop, rtion of the Tolls arising by virtue of the said Act, and of the Toll Gates and Tt»U Houses for colieding the fame, as the said

* Sum of doth or shall bear to thewhere of

< th- M nies owing and secured on the Credit thereof, to be had and

ho den from this * in the Year of our Lord

Day of

[Leo. y Per.]

3 U

for * and

262

C'jpifi of Morrf»°e* 10 bf entered in* Book.

Form of Transfer,

which mud be trtertd with tile Clerk.

No Pr frrenee

arming Creditors foi the Money raised under [InsAdl.

A-plicati’jn of the Tclli and Money to be borr.weJ.

4.9® G EOR G11 III. Cap. 14.

‘ and during the Continuance of the said Act, unless the said Sam erf with Interest at the Hate of Pounds per

‘ Centum, per Annum, should be sooner paid and falisfied. Given under ‘ our Hands and Seals this Day of in

‘ the Year of our Lord

And Copies of all such Mortgages shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the C'erk or Treasurer of the Lid 1 rustees j and all and every Person or Persons to whom any fiuh Mongage or Mortgages shall be made a* aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, or to whom any Mortgage or Alignment of Tolls may have been made under the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit to the Principal and Interest thereby secured, or any Pan thereof, to tny Person or Persons whomsoever, by signing before One credible Witness an Inflrumem in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect, that is to say;

I A.B. do transfer this Mortgage or Security [or, a certain Mortgage ‘ or Security, shortly Jlating it, as the C fe may beJ, with ail my Right ‘ and Title to the Principal Money thereby secured, and all the Interest

* now due thereon, unto C.D. his [or, her] Executors, Administrators,

* and Assigns. Pated this Day of

* in the Year of our Lord

‘ Witness, E. F. ‘ A. B.’

Which Transfer shall be produced, and notified to the Clerk or Treasurer to the Lid Trullees, who shall cause an Entry or Memorial to be made thereof in the before-mentioned Book or Books, speccifying the Date, Names of the Parties, arid Amount of the Sum transferred, for which Entry the said Clerk or Treasurer shall be paid the Sum of One Shilling and no more, and such Transfer shall then entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame again, and so loties quottes, and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons (except the Person or Persons to whom the same shall be lad transferred) to make void, release, or discharge the original Security, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof.

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Preference ill .11 be given to any Person or Persons who fhdl advance any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of this Act, in respect of the Priority of advancing or of having advanced any such Sum or Sums of Money, but that all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid shall be, in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned, Creditors on the fame Tolls in equal degree one with another.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That out of the Tolls or other Monies already received by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the Tolls and all other Monies which shall be raised or received by virtue of this Act, the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall in the first Place pay and discharge all the Cods nd Expences relative to procuring and passing this Act, and the Remainder of all such Monies shall from Time to Time be applied

26 3

49b' GEORGII III. Cap.\\.

applied in repaying the Money borrowed, or now owing by virtue of the find recited Acts, or any or either of them, or to be borrow ed in pursuance of this Act, and the intereil due and to grow thereon respectively, and in making, repairing, improving and rendering commodious the said Road , and in otherwise putting this Act in Execution, and to or for no other Uie or Purpose whatsoever.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors to the said Trustees, and alt such Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, gather, take and carry away any Materials for making or repairing the said Roads, or building, rebuilding, or repairing any present or future Toll house or Toll Houses on or oy the Side thereof, or any Bridge or Bridges thereon, out of any River or Brook, or out ol or from any Waite or Common in or near which any Part of the said Roads lies, without paying any Thing for such Materials, the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons, filling up the Pits or Quarries, levelling the Grounds, or Hoping down the Banks wherefrom such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing oft' such Pits or Quarries, so that the same shall not be dangerous to any Persons or Cattle, and paying for the Damages done by going through and over any Lands or Grounds for or with such Materials (such Damages to be ascertained as hereinafter mentioned); and also that it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Purveyors, and such Persons as he or they shall appoint, to search for, dig, gather, take and carry away any such Materials in or out of the Landol any Person finot being a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or any Piece of Ground planted and fct apart as a Nursery for Trees), making or tendering such Satislac-tion for the Damages done to the Owners or Occupiers of the Land where and from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, and carried away, or over which the same shall be carried, as the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees, Surveyors, or other Persons appointed and employed as aforesaid, and the Owners and Occupiers of such Land, or any of them, concerning such Payments and Damages as aforesaid, the Justices of the Peace at their next General Quarter Session, or at the Second General Quarter Session at the furthest, to be holden for the County or Town wherein the Place from whence such Materials shall have been taken shall be situate, on Eight Days Notice thereof being given in Writing by either Party to the other, shall hear, settle, and determine the Matter of such Payments and Damages, and the Judgment or Order of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive to and upon all Parties.

XLIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Sur- Notice to ba Veyor, or any other Person or Persons acting under the Authority of th s fivfn fj*hoef Act, shall first begin to dig, gather, or carry away any Materia s for re- L-^is'hr'fore pairing the said Roads out of or from any inclosed Land, until No ice in m* er aWare writing, signed by the said Surveyor, shall l ave teen given to the Owner tjb"Mken’ or his known Agent, or to the Occupier of the Land from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left at such Occupier’s usual Place ol ^Pefidence, ro appear beh re the find Trustees, or any Sevtn or more of them, or any Two Justices of the Peace acting lor the County or Piace wherein such Land fla-.ll lie, to shew Cause why such Materials shall not be had therefrom; and in case such Owner, Agent, or Occupier shall attend

pursuani

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, or such two Justices, shall, if they shall think proper, authorise such Surveyor or other Persons to dig, gather, take, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to such Trustees or to such Justices shall fcetn proper; and if such Owner or Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or herself, or his or her Agent, the said 1 rullees or any Seven or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fir, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as it such Owner or Occupier, or his or her Agent had attended; and the Order of such Trustees or justices respectively shall be final and conclusive to and upon all Parties.

p-naVyon XLV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever shall rkfginray take away any Materials which shall have been dug, gotten, or gathered M eTbyVjr- for the Repair or Use of the said Roads, or shall rail's or carry away any vey or Materials out of, or otherwise interfere with or obstruct the Working of any

Pit or Quarry which shall have been made or opened for the Purpose of getting Materials for repairing the said Roads, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein, for the Space of Three Calendar Months, (except the Owner or Occupier of the Land in which such Pit or Quarry shall be made, as to Materials for his own private Use only and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

oufrt*T^d XLV- And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said DrainT," * Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or the said Surveyor or Surveyors, to make or cause to be made CauLways, or Footpaths along the Side or Sides of the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof; and to cut or divert any Watercourse in or through any Land adjoining or lying contiguous to any Part of the said Roads, in order to drain or wash the said Roads, or prevent the fame from being overflowed, and to erect Bridges or Culverts over sech Drains or Watercourses if necessary, and a so to make a Way over the Land adjoining to the said Ro-.ds, (not being the Site of or Ground whereon any House or Houses Hand, or planted Walk, Yard, Park, Paddock, or Avenue to any House), to be used as a public Highway whilst the said Roads or any Bridges or Works thereon is repairing or erecting, making such reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of such Land for the Dau a es thereby sustained, as to the said Trustees or any Five or more of than shall leem reasonable; and in case of any Difference concerning the same between such Owners and Occupiers and the said Trustees, that then it shall be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them assembled at the next General Quarter Sessions for the County in which such R acts shall be fnuate, or at their Second Quarter Sessions at the furthest, t-o settle, adjudge, and determine what Re-compenfe shall be made to such Owners and Occupiers for the Damage they shall I ave sustained as aforesaid, which Determination shall be final and conclusive.

XL-VI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

einyaiices.

Surveyor or Surveyors, and such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint, to remove all Annoyances on or by the Side of any Part of the Lid Roads, and to dirpose of the fame for the Benefit of the said Roads, and A at

264

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i4;

at proper Seasons of the Year to cut down Trees or Bullies growing thereon, or in the Hedges or Grounds adjicent thereto, and within T'.v my heec of the Centre of the said Road (except Trees or Bullies planted for Ornament or Shelter to the H use, Building, Court Yard, or Pleasute Ground of the Owner thereof), and to cut or plalh such Hedges, the Owners or Occupu rs neglecting to cut down such Ttees or Bullies, or to cut or plalh such Hedges, or to remove such Annoyances for the Space of Ten Days after Notice given in Writing for that Purpose^ under the Hand or Hands of the said Surveyor or Surveyors, the Charges whereof shall bereimbursed to the said Surveyor or Surveyors, by such Owners or Occupiers rtegletting to cut down such Trees or Bullies, or to cut or plalh such Hedges, or to remove such Annoyances as aforesaid; and in case such Owners or Occupiers shall not upon Demand pay and reiniburfe to the said Surveyor or Surveyors such Charges as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Surveyor or Surveyors, by Warrant under the Hind and Seal, or Hands and Seals, of One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Road shall be situate, from Time to Time to levy the said Charges upon such Owners or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owners thereof upon Demand, after all Expences attending such Distress and Sale shall be paid; and if after the Removal of any of the said Annoyances any Person or Persons shall again offend in the like Manner, every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted upon Oath, before any One Justice of the Peace for the County in which such Offence shall be committed, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who of Right Ownwof ought to scour and cleanle any Ditch, Drain, or Watercourse which shall Wi|tercourse« adjoin to or lead into or out of the said Roads, shall notin a proper Man-jcoiimhMame ner scour and cfeanfe or cause the same to be fcouredand cleansed, within aftcl Notice, the Space of Ten Days next after Notice in Writing shall for that Purpose be given to him or her respectively, or shall be left at his or her respective PI ice of Abode by the said Surveyor or Surveyors, then the said Surveyor s.,ri,,v or Surveyors shall and may cause such Ditches, Drains, and Watercourses do so, and 7 to be scoured and cleansed, and pay for scouring and cleansing the fame, charge the% and if the said Person shall not repay the Money so paid by such Surveyor t or Surveyors, on Demand thereof, upon him or her respectively made . either in Person or by Writing, to be left at his or her respective Place of Abode, the said Money, upon Proof of the cleansing and scouring the said Ditches, Drains or WdtercouiTes, and Payment of the said Money, and Demand thereof made, and Nonpayment thereof as aforesaid, by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses,before any One Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where such Person shall live, shall and may, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Person, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner thereof upon Demand, after all Charges are paid.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time as they shall Wrctuie of think proper, to make, widen, cr divert, turn, shorten, vary, or alter within the Distance herein-alter mentioned, the Course or Path of any [Lo(. tsf Perl} 3 X Part

66 49° GEORGII Ilf, C&p. 14*

Part or Parts of the said Roads, and that such Variation of Road may be made through or over any Common or Wade Ground without making any Satisfaction for the fame, and through or over any private Lands, Railways, Tram-roads or Hereditaments, making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, for the Damages they may thereby sustain; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to contrafft and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purchase thereof, or for the Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by malting, widening, diverting, turning, shortening, vary, ing, or altering, the C.ourse or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads through or over such Lands or Hereditaments •, and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic or Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, and Committees, not only for and on the Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on the Behalf of their Infant Wards, Cestuique Trusts, Lunatics, Idiots, or Persons of unfound Memory and Understanding, and to and for all Femes Covert w'ho are or shall be seised or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Persons and Person whomsoever who are or shall be seized or possessed of or interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, to contract with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or sell and convey unto them, or any Five or more of them, any such Lands or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, for any of the Purposes aforesaid; and all Comrade, Sales and Conveyances which shall be so made shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage or other Matter whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding; and all such Bodies Politic, Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, Committees, and all other i'ersons, shall be and are hereby indemnified lor what they shall do by virtue of this Act.

When Per. Iona neglect or refuse to treat.

Damage* to be settled by a Jury,

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if such Bodies Politic, Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Guardians. Feoffees, Trustees, Committees, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon Notice to him, her, or them, given or left in Writing at the Dwelling house or Houses, or other Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Persons, or of the principal Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic, Corporate, Ecclesiastical or Civil, or at the House of the Tenant in Possession of the Lands or Hereditaments through which any Part of such Roads is to be diverted, turned, or altered, shall, for the Space of Ten Days next after such Notice given or left, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall cause such Damage or Recompence to be inquired into and ascertained by a Jury of indifferent Men of the County in which the same shall be situate; and in order thereto the said Trustees or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time as Occasion shall be or require, to fuminon and call before such Jury, and examine upon Oath, any Person or Persons whomsoever (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer), and such Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, by ordering a View, or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means, as well

fc*

fit

267

4-9* GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

for (heir own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premi/es; and after the said Jury shall have enquired of and assessed such Damage and Recompence, they the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners and other Persons interested in such Lands or Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of such Jury, which said Verdict or Inquisition, and Judgement, Order or Determination thereupon, shall be final, binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes, against all Parties and Persons whomsoever claiming or to claim in Possession, Remainder, Reversion, or otherwise, their Heirs and Successors, as well absentas present. Infants, Femes Covert, Lunatics, Idiots and Persons under any Disability whatsoever, BodiesPolitic, Corporate, Ecclesiastical, or Civil, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, as well as all ether Persons whomsoever; and for the summoning and returning such Jury, the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered to issue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County in which the said Roads shall be situate, requiring him to empannel, summon and return Twenty-four Persons qualified to serve on Juries, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed; and such Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, is and are hereby required to empannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so summoned, empanneled, and returned, or out of such of them as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby empowered and required to draw by Ballot, and to f.vear, or cause to be (worn Twelve Men, who shall be the Jury for the Purposes aforesaid; and in default of a sufficient Number of Jurymen so returned, the said Sheriff, or his Deputy or Deputies, or any Five or more of the said Trustees, shall return other honest and indifferent P.Ten of the Standers by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service to make up the Number of Twelve; and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs, or Agents, making IDefault in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and who shall not appear, or appearing, shall refuse to be fwern on the said Jury, or being sworn shall refuse to give or shall not give a Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence, before the said Jury shall refuse or neglect to appear, or appearing, shall refuse to be sworn or examined, or give Evidence, so that no such fine be more than 'Ten Pounds on any One Person for One Offence.

L. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money as a Recotnpenfe for the Right, interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by him, her or them sustaintd, than what shall have been agreed to and offered by the said’ Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or their Treasurer, Clerk, ■Surveyor, or other known Agent, before the summoning and returning of

HowEip-ncf*

of/ury Cull be paid.

268 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 14*

of the Jury, as a R ecompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, Property, Loss, or Damage as aforesaid, that then and in such Case the Coits and Expellees of summoning and maintaining the Jury and "Wimefies shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees out of the Money to arise by virtue of this Act; but if such Jury shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them before the summoning and returning the said Jury as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest. Property, Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then the full Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute, which said Costs and Expences, having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the County in winch such Lands or Hereditament^ shall be situate notinterested in the Matter in Question, (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame, at a Time and Place to be by him appointed, after summoning the Parties interested therein to attend him for that Purpose) shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Money shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sunvs so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, shall and may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Trustees by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person shall by reason of Absence have been prevented from treating,' such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees out of the Money to be raised or received under or by virtue of this Act.

J!or1Eri<'

LI. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Sums and Sum hr.w of Money1, Consideration, Recompence or Satisfaction to be agreed lor or

»r tendered, ascertained, or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Tolls, or out of the Monies to be* raised by virtue of this Act, either into the Bank of England as herein-after mentioned, or (as the Case may require) to the Parties or Persons respectively entitled to such Monies, or to their Agents.; ant! that upon Payment or "l ender thereof t;o such Persons or their Agents, or in Case of refusal to accept the fame, then upon leaving the lame in the Elands of the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees for the Use of such Parties or Persons, and after Ten Days Notice thereof given to such Parties or Persons, or their Agents, to receive such Money, Consideration, Recompence, or Satisfaction, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, their Surveyors, Workmen, or Agents, to make, extend, widen, divert, or turn such Roads through or over such Lands or Hereditaments, and to'do all and every such Act. Matter, and Thing with relation to such Lands or hereditaments,; as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit, according to the Directions of this Act; add the said Trustees or any Frveormqre of them shall cause such Parrs of the said Roads as shall be made, widened, diverted, or turned through any Private Grounds, to be ditched, or otherwise fenced from the

adjoining

269

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

adjoining Land in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall direct; and all Lands and Hereditaments which shall be made a Part or Parts of any Road by virtue of this Act, shall to all Intents and Purposes be deemed a common Highway, and shall be repaired, and kept in Repair as such; and from thenceforth all Parties and Persons whomso-erer shall be divefled of all Right and Title to such Lands and Hereditaments, and the Land constituting any former Road, in lieu whereof some new Road shall be made by virtue of this Act, unless leading over some Heath, Common, Moor, or wade Ground, or to some Village, Town, Jt'"Q Hamlet, or Place to which the respective new Roads do not lead, shall be vetted in, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for the best Price that can be gotten for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the Repair of the said Roads by this Act directed to be repaired; and all Conveyances executed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, andinrolled with the Clerk of the Peace for the County in which the said Roads shall be situate, shall be good; and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes; but this Act shall not extend to the taking down of any Dwelling-house or other Building, or to the taking in of any Land that is a Garden or Orchard adjoining to any Dwelling-house, or any Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, inclosed Nursery for Trees, or Avenue to aHouseorany Part thereof, (save and except the Buildings, Gardens, Orchards, and Yards particularized in the Schedule to this Act annexed) without the Consent of the Owner or Proprietor thereof respectively in Writing first had and obtained.;

LII. And whereas by reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees Tru!te« on-are empowered and required to make b‘y virtue of this Act, or by reason powered to fell of the diverting of some Part or Parts of the said Roads, they may happen Grounds, Sec. to befeized of some Piece or Pieces of Ground, over and above what shall be necessary for effecting the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to sell and dispose of such Pieces or Parcels of Ground, either together or in Parcels as they shall find most convenient and advantageous to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the fame: Provided always, that the said Trustees, before they shall sell and dispose of any Piece or Pieces of Ground as aforesaid, shall offer the same to the Person or Persons from whom the same shall have been purchased, or where the same shall arise by reason of diverting any Part or Parts of the said Roads, then to the Person or Persons whose Lands shall adjoin thereto; and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree (except with respect to and on account of the Price thereof as herein-after mentioned) or shall r'cfufe (except with respect to and on account of the Price thereof) to purchase or re-purchase the fame respectively, any Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Matter or Matter Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Land or Ground shall be situate (who are hereby empowered and required to take the fame) by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, stating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refuted by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or {Lee. & Per.] 3 T wa?

2%o 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

wa^ re Wed by the Pet$on. or Persons tp whom such Offer was made as ' the Case may be); and jin case such Person or Persons shall be defirousof purch'afing the fame, and he, she or they, and the said Trustees, shall differ and not agree with respect to the Price thereof, then the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner in this A cl directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said 1 rustees in pursuance of this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manneras herein-before directed with respect to such Purchases made by the said Trustees mutatismutandir; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales of such Piece or Parcel of Road or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountableior any Misappli-cition or Non-application of such Money.

Application

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the Principal Money to arise from tation Money die Sale of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be puT-when amount- chafed for the Purposes of this Act, of any Body Corporate, Ecclesiastical ing to tool, or Civil, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, or from any Femes or Feme Covert, or other incapacitated Person or Persons, shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, or any Two or more of them, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents or Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid affecting the fame Lands, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, or Hereditaments handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner, as the Lands, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the Meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by < hder of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for thr lime being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

4$* GrEORGII III. Cap. 14. 271

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money Wh«nW« so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, or Hereditaments, pur- * chafed, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being, entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them,

(such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

LV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such whence Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be than ,o1' less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands and Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to In cafc not whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any making out Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act shall refule to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, or Hereditaments [describing them] subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making CnSjeS totb* Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion court of*' or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Pro- chanerry on ceeding, of otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the p^'t’®on,or 9 fame

72 49° GEORGII III. Cap1.14*

fame.to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distriburion thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the re-ipeftive Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Presumes as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Caftriers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sunu of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforesaid.

respect'ng

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any

O iputed Question shall arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of tile Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act for the Purchase of any Lands, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuitiespo be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully emiiled to such Lands, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the SatisLftion of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless jt shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

The Court of

LVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reafwi Chan 1 ry may Gf any Dil'ability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation Pa)Wnt*of fathled to any Lands, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Expireei. Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like lifts in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Restraining LIT. And whereas Maps or Plans describing the Lines of the said new Branches of Road, and the Lands through which the same are to be car-i^'bryund a r'ecl> together with Books of Reference containing Lifts of the Names of certain 1 )if- the (Iwners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been deposited at the respective Offices of the Clerks of the Peace for the said several Counties of in the or Brecon and Glamorgan j b; it therefore enacted, That the said Maps or rUn" Plans

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 14. 273

Plans and Books of Reference shall remain in the respective Custody of the Clerks of the Peace for the said several Counties of Brecon and Glamorgan, to the end that all Persons may at all seasonable Times have Liberty to pe-ruse and inspebl the fame, and to take Copies or Extrnbls thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerks of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Maps or Plans and Books of Reference, and that the said Trustees in making the said new Branches of Road, or either of them, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards ■of Three Feet each from the Lines described in the said Maps or Plans, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons,

Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, through or over whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

LX. Provided also, and be it further enable ’, That it shall and may Trulteesmty be lawful for the said Trustees to make the said new Branches of Road into, SroughLand* through, across, or over the several Lands or Grounds of any Person or not in the Persons who is, are, or may be Owner or Owners of Lands over which of Rcfcr' the fame is set out and described in the said Maps or Plans as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted in the said Books of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said several Counties of Brecon and Glamorgan nr either of them, and be certified by Writing under their Hands that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

LXE Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Trustee* miy Abl contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prevent, hinder, or divert Road» restrain the said Trustees from widening, diverting, turning, shortening, Yard*, if°ar-varying, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads ties content, beyond the Distance of One hundred Yards through the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever, in case such Person or Persons shall be consenting thereto, and shall signify his, her, or their Consent in Writing to such Diversion or Alteration being made.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Persons and Per- DMtri«s liable son, Hundreds, Towns, Parishes, Hamlets, and Places, and the Inhabi- RoadTtQcon. tants thereof, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who before the passing of the tinue so. said recited Acts or this Act have or hath used, or of Right ought by reason of the Tenure of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any other Account or Accounts, to repair any Part or Parts of the said Roads, or any Bridge, Drain, or Water-course, in or upon the fame, shall notwithstanding this Act be subject and liable to such Repairs, in the same Manner as they and every of them have or hath heretofore usually been, or would have been in case the said Abls or this Act had not been passed.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Occupier and Occupier* of Occupiers of Lands or Grounds adjoining to the several Roads to be made Land»itocarry and repaired under this Act, shall on Six Days Notice to be given to him ytfthe Scrap-or them respectively by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, or any Person or Persons which he or they shall appoint from Time to Time, veil Time, haul, remove, and carry away all such Soil, Earth, or other Matter as . shall have been gathered, colie bled, or feraped from off the said Roads,

' Sis’ Per.J 3 Z cur

274

Trartfes may contract for' Repairs or anyo her Work.

Routt to he measured and Mileft’ne* erected.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i4i

or any of them, as far as the Lands or Grounds of such Occupier and Occupiers dial I respectively extend, but not farther; and in case any such Occupier or Occupiers shall neglect or refuse to haul, carry off, or remove such Soil, Earth, or other Matter as aforesaid, after such Notice as aforesaid, each and every Person so neglecting or refusing shall for each and every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, to be recovered and applied in such Manner and for such Uses and Purposes, as other Penalties are herein directed to be recovered and applied: Provided always, That no Person shall be liable to any such Penalty for neglecting or refusing to carry away any such Soil, Earth, or other Matter, during the Time of Hay or Corn Harvests.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to contract and agree with any Person or Persons for the repairing of the said Roads or any Part or Parts thereof, or for doing any other Work in pursuance or execution of this Act in such Manner, and for such Sum or Sums of Money annually, or for a Term of Years, or otherwise, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think proper.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them from Time to Time, when and as often as they shall think necessary, to cause the said Roads to be measured, and Stones or Pods to be placed in or near the Sides of the said Roads, with Inscriptions thereon denoting the Number of Miles and Distance of Places, as they shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully pull up or damage any Direction or Mile Pod or Stone erected or fixed or to be erected or fixed, in or near the Side or Sides of the said Roads, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks inscribed thereon, or if any Person shall ride upon any Footpath formed by the said Surveyor or Surveyors upon or on the Side of or adjoining to the said Roads, or shall drive any Horse, Bead, or Swine, or any Carriage upon or cause any Damage to be done to any such Footpath, or if any Person shall cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Roads any Timber, Stone, or other Thing, (otherwise than upon wheeled Carriages) or shall suffer any Timber, Stone, or other Thing which shall be carried upon wheeled Carriages to drag upon the said Roads to the Prejudice thereof, or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Roads shall suffer the same to root up and damage the fame, or the Fences on either Side thereof, or if any Person driving any Carriage upon the said Roads, and meeting another Carriage shall not keep his or her Carriage on his or her left or near Side of the said Roads, or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him or her, or any Carriage under his or her Care, upon the said Roads, or if any Person shall make or assist in making any Fire or Fires, or shall set fire to, or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent, or Firework whatsoever on any Part of the said Roads, or on the Banks or Land adjacent or lying open thereto, or if any Person shall leave any Carriage (except in Cafes of Accident) upon or on the Side of the said Roads longer than may be necessary to load or unload the fame, either with or without any Horse, or Bead of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto, or shall lay any Timber, Stone, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever upon the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Annoy-

275

49° GEORGII III. Cap., 14.

ance or Inconvenience of Persons travelling thereon, or if any Person or Persons shall scrape off any Mud, Soil, or other Matter or Thing which shall be or lie upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and shall not within the Space of Fourteen Days take or carry the fame away, every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault, interrupt, or hinder, or cause, or promote to be assaulted, interrupted, or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls, or any Surveyor or Surveyors, or any other Person or Persons by them or any of them, or by the said Trustees, or any of them, employed in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds. j.

LXVII. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by Persons unknown to the Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to put the fame in Execution; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them before any Justice of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence or Offences shall be committed; and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons so offending to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next petty Session to be holden within or for the County or Place in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Petty Session, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary way, and upon Conv.dion of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, she, or they shall be first taken, or by ihe Justices at such Petty Session as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol, or any House of Correction for the said County or Place, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Fourteen Days, unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred (if any) for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That at! Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines hereby inflicted or authorized to be imposed (if the Manner ot levying and recovering thereof be not herein ocherwil'e directed) shall upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any One justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall be committed, or wherein the Offender shall be and reside, either by Contession of the Party or Parties off ending, <jr by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be levied by Di'f-tress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Juf-slice is hereby empowered and required to grant for those Purposes) and the 4 Overplu*

Penalty fen' obstructinj; the Execution of this Act.

For fecuiinf

tnnfient

Offenders.

Peralt:es and

Forfeit uret how to 11 re-cove <-da. a applieu.

276 49° GEORGII nI- CaP■ T4*

Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges til such Distress and Sale, are recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid and recovered (if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act), shall be from lime to Time ■paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied to the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, and such I enal-ties. Forfeitures, or Fines shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any One Justice of the Peace as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of such County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, or Fines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be iooner paid and satisfied.

LXIX. And for the moreeafy Conviction of Offenders against this Act» be it further enacted, That all and every the Justices and Justice of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, (as the Case shall happen) or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect:

Conviction. County of c< to E it remembered. That on the

to wit. i ‘ -*"*Day of in the Year of His Majesty's

* Reign, and in the Year of our Lord A.B. is convicted

‘ before of His Majesty's Justices of the

‘ Peace for the said County, by virtue of an Act of the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, an Act, &c. [here ‘ Jet forth the Title of this Act and ffecify the Offence and when and where 1 committedJ. Given under our Hands and Seals [nr, my Hand and Seal]

* the Day and Year first above written: "

1 m',

LXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person appeal toYhe shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any thing done in pursuance of Quarter this Act, such Person may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the County in which such Cause of Appeal shall arise, such Appellant (it sufficient Time after the Cause of such Complaint shall have arisen first giving or causing to be given Eight Days Notice at lead in Writing of his or her Intention of bringing such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof to the Clerk, or Treasurer to the said Trustees, and within Four Days next after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order thereon, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Section; and for want of sufficient Time for giving such Notice previous to the first Quarter Session after the Cause of such Complaint shall have happened, then such Appeal, after such Notice, and under such Recognizance may be made at the Second General Quarter Session of the Peace to be holden for the County in which such Cause of Appeal shall arise, and the Justices at such First or Second Session, upon ■due Proof of such Notice being given as aforesaid, and of the entering into

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 14. 277

such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the Cause and Matter of such Ap; eal in a summary way, and award such Colt* to the Parties appealing, or appealed against, as they the said Justices shall think proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Session ihallbe final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes; and the said Justices at such Session may a!so determined by their Order or Warrant levy such Colts so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons wrho shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame, and for want of sufficient Distress commit such Person or Persons to the common Gaol or House of Correction of or for the County in which such Offence shall be commited, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, or until Payment of such Costs.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or Frocteiingt concerning any of the Matters in this Act contained, or any Proceedings to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against want of Form, this Act, shall be quashed for want of Form, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that wh*re any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defeat or want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved Ify such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage (if any) in an Action upon the Cafe, but no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action for such Irregularity as aforesaid, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made by or on behalf of the Party distraining before such Action brought.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be com- Limitation of menced against any Person or Persons for any thing done or pretended to Qn,‘ be done in pursuance of this Act, until after Fifteen Days Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, nor after a sufficient Satisfaction, or a Tender thereof, hath been made to the Pany or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; and every such Action shall be laid and tried in the County in which the fame was committed, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear that the fame was so done, or that such Action or Suit was brought before Fifteen Days Notice thereof had been given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction had been made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or if such Action shall be brought in any other County, then the jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict,or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or fhaildiscontinue his,her,or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer,

|[Loc. fa* Per.] 4 A Judgement

278

Compelling Payment of Subscriptions.

Public Act-

Term of the Act,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, thenjthe Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Case by Law.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who hath or have already subscribed any Money towards the Expence of obtaining and passing this Act, and carrying the fame into Execution, or any other Person or Persons who shall hereafter become or agree to become a Subscriber or Subscribers for the Purposes aforesaid, shall after Twenty Days previous Notice in Writing under the Hand of the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Trustees for that Purpose to him, her, or them given, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling-house or usual Place of Abode, refuse or neglect to make Payment of the respective Sums by him, her, or them subscribed, or agreed to be subscribed, or such Part or Parts thereof as may be required in such Notice, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, to bring or cause to be brought, in the Name of their Clerk, an Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint, or Suit against such Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, his, her or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and after Proof of such Person or Persons having subscribed, or agreed to fuberibe, and that such Notice was given as aforesaid, such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, shall be compelled to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so by-him, her, or them fuberibed, or agreed to be subscribed as aforesaid, together with full Costs of Suit.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded. 7

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the said Second Wednesday in the Month next after the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force for Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

49° GEORGII III.

Cap. 14

279

The SCHEDULE

Referred to by the foregoing Act.

on Names of Proprietors of Land, &c. Names of Occupiers, &c. Remarks, &c.

Plan.

LLANELLY ROAD.

X. Thomas Jones - - Oavid David - - A Garden.

9* Charles Craycroft, Efouirc, and William Davies, and TTwo Orchards and One

11. Mary Davies, Widow William Adlam, Esquire J Garden.

J5‘ Evan Evans, Gentleman William Morgan A Garden.

16. John Lewis - William Davies A Garden.

18. Evan Evans, Gentleman Edmund Parry - An Orchard.

*0, Proprietors of the Brecon and J Abergavenny Canal Navi- > gation - - - J Proprietors of the Brecon and Abergavenny Canal ^.A Rail Road.

21. Edmund Parry - - - Edmund Parry - A Garden, Orchard, and

unfinished Pigscot.

22. His Grace the Duke of Beaufort John Freeman - - - A Garden.

23; Evan Evans, Gentleman Richard Pruett A Garden.

24. Same ----- Evan Evans, Gentleman A Lime Kiln.

Richard Davies, Clerk - David Jones and Anne Harrison - - - |-A Garden.

HIRWAIN ROAD.

4"* Aberdaer Canal Company Aberdaer Canal Company - 1 Rail Road, and a Lime

5- Watkin Philip and Philip ~1 Watkin Philip and Philip 1 f Kiln.

Watkin - - - J Watkin - - J J

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

' Cap. 15.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Carmarthen and Cardigan, so far as relates to the Llandovery District; and for amending certain other Roads communicating therewith.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, 28 G'° -3 •widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from Carmarthen to c‘ I02* Lampeter Pont-Stephen, in the County of Cardigan, and from Llandovery, in the County of Carmarthen, to Lampeter Pont-Stephen aforesaid: And whereas by the said recited Act the Road from Llandovery to Lampeter Pont-Stephen is made a separate District, called the Llandovery District, and placed under the Care of separate and distinct Trustees from the other Roads comprised in the said Act: And whereas great Progress has been made in the Repair of the said Road, and a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be collected within the said Llandovery District, which Money still remains due and Cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act, so far as relates to the said District, be continued, and some further Powers given to the Trustees for those Purposes: And whereas the Road leading from the present Turnpike Gate near Dolehirion, by or near Nantdii and Nantym-wyn, to Penyganeg, in the Parish of Llanfairary-brin, in the said County of Carmarthen, and the Road leading from Peny-[Lrr. & Per.] 4 B garreg.

282

Former AA

renewed, and other Roads put under this Act.

Empowering Trustees to make the new Pieces of Road.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

gar r eg aforesaid, through Cwmgwenfrwd, by or near Bwlchyrhiiv art Garthynty, to or near Glancothy otherwise Blaencothy, on the Confines of1 the I’arish of Llandcwybrcvy, in the County of Cardigan, and the Road leading from or near Glancothy otherwise Blaencothy aforesaid, through the said Parish of Llandewybrevy, to meet the High Road leading from Lampeter Font-Stephen aforesaid to the 1'own of Tregarron, in the said County of Cardigan, at or near the Village of Llandewybrevy, and also the Road leading from the Place where the Finger Post Hood on Bwlcbcefenf.it th or near thereto, in the Parish of Conwillgaio, in the said County of Carmarthen, through the Village of Llanfawell to Llanybyther Bridge, in the Parish of Llanybytber, in the County of Carmarthen aforesaid, are greatly out of Repair, and in-some Places very narrow and.incommodious, and dangerous for Carriages and Paffimgers, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and it would be a great Accommodation to the Neighbourhood, and of Public Utility, if the fame were to be repaired and put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for the said Llandovery District; but as the fame cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, so far as relates to the said Llandovery District, and the several Clauses, Powers, and Provisions, Matters and Things therein contained (except such as are by this Act varied, altered, or repealed, and also such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties) shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and Together with this present Act shall be put in Execution within the said Llandovery District for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually in all Respects, and to all Intents and Purposes as if The said Act, and the Clauses, Powers, and Provisions therein contained were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act, and as if the said new Pieces of Road had been Part of the said Llandovery District of Road, and included in the said Act; but subject nevertheless to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained, and which shall commence and take F.ffeft upon the passing of this Act; and that this Act and the Term and Powers hereby granted, shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, or which may hereafter become due and owing, within the said Llandovery District, on the Credit of the said recited Act and of this present Act, or either of them, and all Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or mote of them, or for such Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall employ for that Purpose, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, in or through which the said new Pieces of Road are intended to pass, to set out, form, make, and complete the same from the present Turnpike Gate near Dolchirion, by or near Nautili! and Nantymwyn, to Penygarrcg, in the Parish of Llanfairarybrin, in the said County of Carmarthen, and from Penygarreg aforesaid through Cwmgwenfrwd, by or near Bwlchyrbiw and Garthynty, to or near Gian-cotby otherwise Blaencothy, on the Confines of the Parish of Llandewybrevy

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 15. 283

in the County of Cardigan, and from or near Glancothy otherwise Elaen-,cothy aforesaid, through the said Parish of Llandewybrevy, to meet the High Road leading from Lampeter Pont-Stephen aforesaid, to the Town of Tregarron, in the said County of Cardigan, at or near the Village of Llandewybrevy, and from the Place where the Finger Post flood on Bwlchcefenfarth or near thereto, in the Parish of Conwillgaio, in the said County of Carmarthen, through the Village of Llanfawell to Llanybyther Bridge, in the Parish of Llanybyther, in the County of Carmarthen aforesaid; and to cut and make such Drains, Gutters, and Tunnels for draining the Lands adjoining or near such Roads respectively, as shall be by them thought necessary or proper for draining the Water from such Roads respectively, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; doing . as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the Powers to them hereby granted, and making reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners or Proprietors of and all Persons interested in such Lands, for all Damages which shall be sustained by executing the Powers and Authorities hereby given; and in case any Difference concerning the same shall arise between the said Tru flees and such Owners or Proprietors and Persons interested as aforesaid, that then the same shall be ascertained and settled by a Jury in such Manner as is directed by the said recited Act, with respect to the Valuation of Land intended to be made Part of the Roads therein described: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or ..empower the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to take, use, injure, or damage for the Purpose of the said respective Roads, or any of the Purposes aforesaid, any House or other Building, or any Land or Ground set apart or used as a Garden, Orchard,

Park or Planted Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof, and which said new Pieces of Road shall be of the Breadth of Forty Feet.

III. And whereas Maps or Plans describing the Lines of the said several Plans and new Pieces of Road and the Lands through which the same are to be re- B°°ksot Re* spectively carried, together with Books of Reference containing Lifts of the Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands, have been de- Clerks of the posited at the Offices of the Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties of Peace. Carmarthen and Cardigan; the several Maps or Plans of such of the said several Roads as are in the County of Carmarthen, in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace of such County, and the Map or Plan of the said Road in the Parish of Llandewybrevy, in the County of Cardigan, in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace of the same County; be it therefore enacted.

That the said several Maps or Pl-ns and the Books of Reference shall remain in the Custodyof the Clerks of the Peace in whose several Offices the same are respectively deposited, to the End that all Persons may at any 'seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the fame, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace in whose Office the fame respectively are deposited the Sum of One Shilling for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said several Maps or Plans and Books of Reference; and that the said Trustees, in Trustees not making the said several Roads, shall not deviate more than One hundred to deviate Yards of Three Feet each from the Lines described in the said several Maps ;or Plans, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person fro"m t|1(. Line or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, through whose Lands described in :or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

IQ

2?4

Trustess not restrained from diverting the Roads beyond One hundred Yards if Parties consent.

Trustees may make the Roads through Grounds and Lands although the Names are not in the Book of Reference.

For repealing the present Tolls, and granting new ones.

Tolls.

49° GEORG I! III. Cap. 1$.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Or the said recited Act contained, shall extend, or be condrucd to extend, to prevent, hinder, or restrain the said Trustees from widening, diverting, turning, shortening, varying, or altering the CoUrfe or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Roads beyond the Distance of One hundred Yards through the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever, in case such Person or Persons shall be ednfenting thereto, and shall signify his, her, or their Consent in Writing to such Diversion or Alteration being made.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to make the said new Pieces of Road into, through, across, or over the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners of Land, over which the same are set out and described in the said Maps or Plans as aforesaid, although such Lands respectively be misdated or erroneously named, or the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted in the said Books of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for either of the said Counties, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Errors or Omissions proceeded from Midake.

VI. And whereas the Tolls granted by the said recited Act have been found insufficient for amending and keeping the said Road in good Repair, and for executing the several other Purposes of the said Act; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the First Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Tolls payable in and by the said recited Act, so far as relate to the said Llandovery District, shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid; and that in lieu thereof the following Tolls shall be demanded and taken before any Horses, Beasts, or Carriages shall be permitted to pass through the several and respective Toll Gates, Bars, and Turnpikes already set up and erected, or which may hereafter be set up and erected within such District; (that is to lay),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead drawing any Coach, Chariot, Chair, Cdravan, Landau, Berlin, Hearle, Chaise, Calash, and any Carriage used for Pleasure, of any Name or Description whatsoever, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs or other Bead drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Litter, and any other Carriage not before referred to, of any Name or Description whatsoever (excepting a Sledge), and not going for or returning laden with Lime for Manure, the Sum of Four-pence Halfpenny:

For every Ilorfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Litter, and any other Carriage of any Name or Description whatsoever, laden with or going for, or returning unladen after having delivered any Lime for Manure, the Sum of Three-pence: For every Ilorfe, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead drawing any Sledge the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or oilier neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling per Score, and so in Proportion for any less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, or Swine, the Sum of Sixpence peri Score, and so in Proportion for any less Number:

And for every Horse, Mare, Gdding, Mule, Afs, or other Bead not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny.

And

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

And that Double the said respective Tolls shall be demanded and taken on every Sunday during the Continuance of this Act; and which said respective Tolls or Duties shall be and are hereby declared to be vested in the Trustees appointed or to be appointed for the Purposes of the said recited Act or this present Act, within the said Llandovery District, and shall be demanded and taken in the Name of and as a Toll by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose; and shall and may be levied, recovered, applied, and disposed of in such and the same Manner as by the said recited Act is directed with regard to the Tolls thereby granted, subject nevertheless to the Alterations herein contained: Provided always, that no Person who shall have paid 'Poll for the Passage of any Horses, Beads, or Carriages, neat Cattle, Calves, Sheep, or Swine through any Gate, Bar, or Turnpike c-rested or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall be subject or liable on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night, to the Payment of any other or further Toll for passing with the fame Horses, Beads, or Carriages, neat Cattle, Calves, Sheep, or Swine, through the fame, or any other Gate, Bar, or Turnpike on the said Roads, within Eight Miles of the Gate, Bar, or Turnpike where such Person shall have paid such Toll; such Person producing a Note or Ticket denoting such Payment, which Note or Ticket the Collector of the Tolis is hereby required to give gratis upon the Receipt of the Toll.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horses, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Roads, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Parts of the said Roads lie, or the next adjoining Townships or Parishes; or Hay, Grass, Fern, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, Turves, Heath, or Furze for Fuel to be produced from the Lands or Grounds, and not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the respective Owners, for the Purpose of thrashing out of such Corn, or of using or consuming such Flay, Grass, Fern, Straw, Turves, Heath, and Furze; or for any Cart or other Carriage, Horses, Cattle, or Beads employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having-been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, Com for feeding the Ground, or any Dung, Compod, or Manure employed in Plufbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands (Coal, and Lime for Manure excepted); or for any Horses, Cattle, or Beads going to or returning from Padure or Watering Places, or going to be, or returning from being shoed or farried; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship, tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or upon any other Day upon which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Townships or Parishes; or from [Lac. £sf Per.'] 4 C any

28 5

Double Toll, on Sundays.

Toll not to be collected more than once in Eight Mile, on the same Day.

Exemptions from Toll.

i86

Carriages for conveying Military Stores, not to be subject to Penalties for Overweight, See.

Application of Compensation Money when amounting to 200I.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i s-

any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Sick Person, or going to or returning from other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty within any of the said Townships or Parishes; or from any Surveyor of the Paid Road while in the Exercise of his Duty as such Surveyor ■, or for any Horses or Carriages of whatever Del'cription employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Expresses and Letters under the Authority or His Majesty's Poll Mailer General, either when employed in carrying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses or Bealls attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses, or other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other public Stores, of or belonging to PL's Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces; or for any Horses, Carts, or Bealls employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Palfes, or returning therefrom; or for any Horses or Carriages carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to ftrve in Parliament for the Counties of Carmarthen or Cardigan, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Iforfc, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemptions as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning, or driving, or causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, Hull be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, be Hopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful lor any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen, to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased.

287

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act and this Act, for the Puposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accomptant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary "Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Parts thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be- so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trurts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall befo purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the lime of making of such Conveyance or Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accomptant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until such Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Confo’idated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by the said recited Act or this Act directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accomptant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as

aforesaid,

Application when the Compensation Money is less than 2001. and not less than 201.

288

Application %vhere the Money is less than sol.

In case of not making put Titles, or if Persons cau-not be found the Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank, subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before directedor otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to 1 wo 1 rustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed,so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament5, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sutn or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accomptant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [drferibing them'], subject to the Order, Comma), and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to'be laid out and inverted in the public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sum of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

X

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

till. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accomptant Generalof the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Act oi this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities; the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons shall be deemed and taken to hare been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Po Hellion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly; unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, the Purchase Motley for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads or any Part thereof, shall dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Carmarthen or Cardigan, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to judge and determine what Part and Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Townships or Places in which the said Roads lie; and also »hat Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Township or Place, in lieu of eras a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices from Time to Tune to summon

[Let. & Per.2 A D the

*9.

Rrfpcfling

disputed

Titles.

The Court may order

reasonable Expences of the 1‘Urchaf-'•n to he paid, by the Truf-tecs.

Persons chargeable to StatuteWork

to continue so. and Juf-tiers to determine Differences touching bta-ute Work.

290

Trustees may compound for Statute Work.

4Q' GEORGII III. Cap. 15.

the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Township or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Six Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the public Highways, and out of such Lilts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons, who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Time* (not being Hay-time or Harvelt) and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their lad or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he bad neglected or refilled to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads j all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Townships or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lilts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Cud Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, 7 Bodies

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 15.

Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Town ships or Places in which the said Roads are situate, for a Certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable in lieu of the whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads; which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Township, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, in advance, on or before the First Day of February in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Township or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have subscribed or shall subscribe to pay Money for or towards amending or repairing the said new Pieces of Road, shall and are hereby required to pay such Money within such Time, in such Parts or Proportions, and to such Person as the said Trustees shall direct or appoint; and in Default of such Payment, such Money shall be recovered by Action at Law, to be brought in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in His Majesty's Court of Great Sessions for the several Counties of Carmarthen, Pembroke, and Cardigan, the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, and Town and County of Haverfordwest, in the Name of the Treasurer or Clerk to the Trustees.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, together with lawful Interest from the Time of advancing the same to the Time of Payment, shall be paid and satisfied by the said ..Trustees; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby required to order and direct the Payment of the said Charges and Expences, with Interest as aforesaid, out of the first Monies that shall be collected, borrowed, or received by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, in preference to all other Payments and Disbursements whatsoever.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act (subject to the Alterations and \mendments herein contained) and this Act, shall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Residue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted by the said recited Act, as far as relates to the said Llandovery District, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

For compelling Payment of Subscription Money.

For Payment of the Expenses of this Act.

Public Act

Continuance of this Act.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

m*

Cap. 16.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Three Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road between Hockliffe, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Buckingham.

[28th April 1809.]

ijG.*. c. 9.*

»6 G. 3. c. 144

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for repairing the Road between Hockliffe in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford in the County of Buckingham: And where-as another Act was passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for c. 21.

repairing the Road between Hockliffe in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford in the County of Buckingham: And whereas another Act was passed in the I’wenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Term of Two Acts, made in the Thirteenth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road between Hockliffe in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford in the County of Buckingham: And whereas the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said recited Acts have made great Progress in the Repairs of the said Road, and have for that Purpose borrowi d a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected which still remains due, and cannot be repaid, r-;H Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the 4 E Term

1

294- 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

Term of the said Acts be further continued, and some of the Provificns thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, and the present Tolls increased; May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of The fame, That the A as further laid recited Acts, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, continued. Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained (except^ such Parts thereof as'relate to Exemption from'Stamp Duties, and also such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and be executed for and during the Term here-in-after mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, ayd. Additions herein contained; and that this Act shall ctrtiitrience and take effect upon the passing thereof; and the Term and Powers hereby granted shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts, and of such other Sums of Money as shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, and of this Act, and all Interest due and to become due thereon respectively.

For difeon*

II. And whereas the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts have been t?efenf Tolls ^ounc^ inTufticient for amending and keeping the said Road in good Re-ana granting pair, and for executing the several other Purposes of the said Acts; be it new ones. therefore further enacted, That from and after the first Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Tolls payable in and by the said recited Acts shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid, and that in lieu thereof the following Tolls shall be demanded and taken before any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Beast, or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Tol|.gate, Sidobar, of Side-gate 'eredte'd or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or this. Act upon or across the said Road, or upon or across any Lane or Way leading into the fame; (that is to say)

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, Chair, Taxed To11'- Cart, or other such like Carriage, drawn by Four or more Horses, or

other Beasts 6f Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two or more Horses, or other Beasts of Draught (less than Four) the Sum of One Shilling; or drawn by One Horse, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Car, or other such like Carriage, drawn by Two or more Horses (not exceeding Four) the Wheels of which are of less Width than Nine Inches, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, Car, or other such like Carriage, drawn by more than Four Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Wheels whereof are of the Width of Nine Inches, or more, the Sum of Three Pence Halfpenny for each Horse or other Beast of Draught:

And for every Waggon, Wain, Cart, (except the Taxed Cart) Car, or other such like Carriage, drawn by One Horse, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of Eight Pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For

2 95

49- GEORGII III. Cop. 16,

For every Scoreof Oxen* or other neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling,

and so in proportion for any less Number:

For every Score of Calves, fciwine. Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five

Pence, and so in proportion for any less Number.

Which said respective Tolls shall be and are hereby vested in the said Trustees; and the fame and every Part thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, or assigned to and for the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and in such Manner, as in and by the said recited Acts and this Act are declared and appointed.

III. And be it further enacted, That if any Person subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall after Demand thereof made refuse or neglect to pay the fame, or if any Person or Persons shall have taken any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, Out of any Carriage for the Purpose of evading the Payment of any of the said Tolls, or shall refuse to pay the Tolls for any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle which shall be so taken out of and appear to havb-been drawing such Carriage, it shall be lawful for any Person appointed to collect such Tolls, by hitnfelf or taking such Assistance as he shall think necessary, to seize and dillrain any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, together with their Gears, Harness, or Accoutrements, or their Loading, or any Carriage with its Loading (if any) upon which such Toll is by this Act imposed, other than the Bridle of any Horse or other Bead separately from futh Horse or other Bead; and if such Tolls, and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Didrefs, and the Keeping of such Horse or Horses, or other Cattle or Carriage, shall not be paid within the space of Three Days after such Seizure and Didrefs' made, the Person or Persons so seizing and didraining shall and may fell the Horse or Horses, Cattle, Carriage, or Things so seized and didrained, or a sufficient Part thereof, returning the Overplus (if any) and what shall remain unfold, on Demand to the Owner thereof, afteT such Tolls, the Keeping of the Horse or other Cattle or Carriage so didrained, and the reasonable Charges occasioned by such Seizure, Didrefs and Sale, shall be deducted.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall with any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Bead whatsoever, pass through or over any Land, Ground, or Place, lying near any of the Turnpikes already erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act (the fame not being a public Highway), with Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof; or if the Owner or Occupier of any such Land, Ground or Place, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons, with any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Bead, to pass through or over the fame with such Intent as aforesaid; or if any Person shall give to or receive from any Person (ether than the Person or Persons appointed to collect the said Tolls), and use the fame, or forge and counterfeit any Note or Ticket, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall be avoided; or if any Driver or Owner of any Oxen, Bead, Hogs, Sheep, or other Cattle, after having been or passed Five hundred Yards on the said Road, shall with any such Oxen, Bead, Hogs, Sheep, or other Cattle, quit and turn off from or out of the fame, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall be evaded; or if any Person shall forcibly or wilfully pass through any such Turnpike with any Horse or other Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, without Payment of Toll, every Person offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, one

Moiety

Recovery of Tolls.

Penalty for

evading the Payment of T all?.

296 49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 16.

Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall extend to any Person or Persons turning off the said Roads with any Horse, Cattle, or Bead going to or coming or returning from the Homeltall, Lands, Grounds, or Commons of any Person living in any of the Parishes or Places through which the said Road leads, if such turning off is the immediate and direct Way.

Exemption! V. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken

from Tolls, for any Horse, Cattle or Beast, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of such Road lies; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners or for any Horse, Cattle or Bead employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows or Implements of Husbandry, or any Lime, Mould, Dung, Compost or Manure employed in Husbandry, for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; or for any Horse or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being {hoed or farried; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday or upon any ether Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Townships or Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person; or upon other his Parochial or Mir.ifterial Duty, on a Sunday or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horse, Cattle or Carriage of whatever Description employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Cattle or Beast attending any Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack or Comiffariat or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the use of His Majesty's Forces, or for any Horse, Cart, Cattle or Beast employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle or Beast carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Bedford or Buckingham, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Mare or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place

appointed

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 16. 297

appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations pm vided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or col-lufive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exem-tionsby this Act granted, net being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving or Carnages causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage provi- conveying ded for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Military

_ , 1 , ’ c 1 P - 1. TX. btoresnotto

Barrack or Commmariat or other public Stores ot or belonging to His be subject to Majesty or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalties for Penalty or Forfeiture, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Overweight, Carriage be flopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen, but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That for the better preventing Frauds penaitv on and Collufions respecting Carnages carrying Overweights, if any Lessee Lefleesur or I.eflees of the Tolls payable at the Turnpike-gate, or Gates erected or Collectors of to be erected on the said Road by virtue of this Act, or any Collector lo1*3 Permit' or Collectors, Person or Persons to be appointed to the Care of any \vfgg0nj, Weighing-Machine or Machines erected or to be erected on the said Road &c.

by virtue of this Act, shall suffer or permit any Waggon, Cart, or other to P*f9 Carriage liable to be weighed at any such Machine or Machines, to pass throuK|) ,lie through the Turnpike-gate or Gates erected or to be erected on the Gat" without said Road by virtue of this Act, without weighing the fame, or shall fuf- weighing the fer or permit any such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage to proceed on the said Road without having first paid the Tolls for such Waggon,

Cart, or other Carriage, and all such Overweight or Overweights as such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage respectively shall or may happen to have therein, or thereon, each and every Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Driver of any peaaity on

Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, or any other Person or Persons, shall leaving set or leave or cause to be set or left any Waggon, Cart, or other Waggons, Carriage, in or upon the said Road, within Fifteen Feet from the Middle a^ or Centre thereof, without some reasonable Cause to be allowed by the drawing" Justices before whom the Person or Persons so offending shall be summoned Timber, or conveyed in order to his or their Conviction, and except with regard otherwi("e to such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, during such reasonable Time wheel" as the same shall be loading and unloading, and handing as near to the Carriages. w [Loc. y Per.] 41 Side

298

Side-Gatesto be erected,

Tickets to free Persons from Payment of Tolls at any Gate to be erected.

Power to

borrow Money, and

to inert "age

the Tolli.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

Side of the Road as conveniently may be; or if any Person or Persons shall cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Road any Tree or Piece of l imber, or any Stones (Mill Stones excepted), otherwise than upon Wheel-Carriages, or shall fuller any Part of any Tree, or Piece of Timber which shall be conveyed upon Wheel-Carriages, to drag or trail upon any Part of such Road to the Prejudice thereof, every such Person shall forfeit any Sum not exeeding Forty Shillings for every such Offence.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause to be erected and continued such Gates, Turnpikes, and Toll-houses, Weighing-Machines, or any of them, in, upon, or across any Part or Parts of the said Road, and also upon the Sides thereof, or across any Lane or Way leading into the fame, not being a Turnpike Road, as they shall think proper; and from Time to Time to remove, alter, or difeominue the fame or any of them, as they shall think expedient; and from and after the said Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes shall be so erected and built as aforesaid, shall receive and take the fame Tolls and Duties as in and by this Act are before authorized to be received and taken at any Gates or Turnpikes already erected and built, which said Tolls and Duties so to be received and taken at any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, so to be erected and built as aforesaid, shall be verted in the said Trustees: Provided always, rlhat no Person or Persons who shall have paid the Toll granted by this Act at either of the Gates or Turnpikes already erected, or if either of the said Gates shall be removed to any other Place or Places, then no Person or Persons who shall have paid the Toll at either of the said Gates so removed as aforesaid, for the parting of any Carriage, Horse, or other Bead or Cattle, shall be subject cr liable on the same Day to the Payment of any Tolls for the parting of the fame Carriage or other Bead or Cattle through any other Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, that may be erected in, upon, or across any other Part or Parts of the said Road by virtue of this Act; nor shall any Person or Persons who shall have paid such Toll at any Gate to be erected by virtue of this Act be subject or liable on the same Day to the Payment of Toll at either of the Gates already erected, or to be removed as aforesaid, for the fame Carriage, Horse, or other Bead or Cattle the respective Persons who shall have paid the Toll at either of the said Gates producing a Ncte or Ticket denoting such Payment, which Notes or Tickets the Ccliedtors of the 'Foils lor the Time being are hereby required to give gratis on receipt of the Tolls, any thing in the said recited Acts or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to borrow and take up at Intered such further Sum or Sums of Money as they shall think fit, on the Credit of the Tolls anting by virtue of this Act, so as such further Sum or Sums do not exceed the Sum of Three Thousand Pounds, and they are hereby empowered to demise or mortgage the said Tolls, or any Part or Parts thereof, and the Turnpikes cr Toll-houses and Weighing-Engines for cclledting the lame, for and during any Time not exceeding the continuance of this Act, (the Cods of such Mortgage to be

49° GEORGII III. Cap. ib. 299

paid out of such Tolls), as a Security to any Person or Persons, or their Trustees, who shall advance such Money; but no Money shall be borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls unless Five-sixths of the present Creditors shall Confer;t thereto, nor unless Notice be for that Purpose affixed in Writing upon all the Turnpikes or Gates erected and to be erected upon or across the said Road, at lead Ten Days before the borrowing thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage hath been already to made for securing Monies lent upon the Credit of the said recited Acts, fuct, Mart-any or either of them, or to whom any Mortgage shall be made as gagw. aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right, Title, Interest, or Benefit to the said Mortgage, and the 1’rincipal and Interest: thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, either by a separate Instrument, or by Indorsement on such Security; and such Transfer shall entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns to the Benefit thereof, and Payment of the Principal and Interest secured on such original Mortgage; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons to make void, release, or discharge the original Security, or any Monies thereby due, or any Part thereof; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Transfer hath been made, or shall be made, shall be, in proportion to the Money therein mentioned.

Creditors on the Tolls by this Act granted, in equal degree one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect of Priority of any Monies advanced.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who p chjr by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be geaMo to chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road or any Part Statute thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and Wor‘£.to it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace C0iuinue so-for the said Counties of Bedford and Buckingham, and they are hereby required, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order, respectively to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes, Townships, or Places in which the said Road lies, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish, Township or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer, and in order thereunto, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish, Township, or Place, to bring in true and perfect Lifts in Writing before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Five Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Personsjwho within such Parish, Township, or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, oi otherwise; and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as, is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the Public Highways, and out of such Lifts the said Justices

shall

3^0 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road, as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvest) and on such P arts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justicesshall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Coinpo-fition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person. who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their lift or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject and liable to by any Law or Stature in force or effect for the Repair of i he public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustee , such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments afoivi id as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the

Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully

neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or iraperfedt Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Trustee* may

XII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to compound and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and

frr statute agree by the Year or otherwise, with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic

ork* or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on the said Road,

or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Pai ilhes, Townships or Places in which the said Road is situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trullees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road,which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, lo the Treasurer to the said Trustees, in advance, on or before the First Day

30i

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

of November in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Farish, Township, or Place, shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed, or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation* Feme Covert, Infant, Luftatic, or Person or Persons under any Uifability or Incapacity as in the said first-recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the lame shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trullees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a sum-rtaary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land 'lax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid aifedling the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents or Purposes \ or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid, Hood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed, or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the

ILoe. & Per.'] 4 G Person’

Application of Corapen-fa ion Money when amount, ing to or exceeding aocl.

Where left than 200I.

3C>2

Application where lef« than 2ol.

In case of nut making out Titles;

ei if Person* cannot be found Purchase-Money to be paid into the Bank.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 16.

Person or Persons for the 'lime being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank with the Privity and in the Name of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner hereinbefore directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed or awarded tee be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy, or Lunacy, then to his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purposes of the said Road, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case the Person or Persons to whom any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the Sum and Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments \describing them], subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons, making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Dirtribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title orlnrereft, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make heft other Order in the Premises as to the said

Court

4-^ GEORGII III. Cap. 16. 303

Court shall seem just and reasonable j and the Cashier or Caftiiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Personsas shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall ^'p^’ng arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Title*.

Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts

or this Act, for the Use of the said Road, for the purchase of any Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in possession of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason Court of of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation Chancery entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased p^mentVf under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, the Purchase Expence*. Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements

or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this or the said recited Acts, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable (together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order), to be paid by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, w ho shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That out of the first Monies which For paying shall be raised or collected by virtue of this Act, the said Irustees or any the Expence# Five or more of them shall in the first place pay and discharge all the of tl"* A<^' Costs and Expences relative to procuring and passing this Act, together

with lawful Interest for the fame, from the passing thereof, and the Remainder of the Money so raised and collected shall from Time to Time be applied in erecting Turnpikes, Toll-houses, and Weighing-machines, and in amending, widening, and improving the said Road, and keeping

the

3°4

[Public Act.]

Contiurance of ihis Ail.

49* GEORGGI I I ill tikp. i«i

(he fame in Repair, and in defraying all other Charges and Expcrce3 of

carrying the Purpose* of this and the Paid recited Acts into Execution.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Just ices and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts (subject to the Alterations, Additions, and Amendments herein contained) and this Act, shall continue and be in Force, and be executed for and during the Residue now to come and unexpifed of the Term granted by the said recited Acts; and from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

(bin J.v X 'b !: . f ! i'u ,; ?•!.-. c-i -. ) Ur;13.il

to irc’-yl rtf i , v i . "■> r I

CONDON: Printed by Ci£OR'~-£ Eyre and Andrew St rah an, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

vvnltroo svt>: .-?-* . - -/•»: - 3 eibwri-loaf. 1

an: hi!: <• >.•' t‘..J v. stacO ici):; i/J.* r. ad* <9 '■ . :l‘

tlji.V hs: —T-Jq 08 ni Sa m.'vJV. jA

it . .<js s ;Ij.aiA . C r

0 bit) a..’: e: -.aaces eLa.ur j •■•1

liiiral tidi.’ Ii>.: .1

• jH tu aj..sni3.b irtvV.d ' v

- '.hu.-T-i!. vjT3.‘ *1

o -

ttJjih !.._tzs jA - Si. lL *)» "■- /

, z?..- a;SJ- j,

E-fit7 > > wL_f {T.*Vt

iL aianh ... tprq ' 1, > t

-?ar . bA i ' rlq j$

*><’ id- vn-i gritisq iS- w

> IT r* oauT orcri xdi

- .1\ •:

j. <p-iSr . it w 5 . *i . ‘*S~aa fcj-

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 17.

An Act to enable the Bristol Dock Company to borrow a further Sum of Money for completing the Improvements of the Port and Harbour of Bristol.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for improving 43 G. 3. c. 40. and rendering more commodious the Port and Harbour of Bristol, whereby the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, and their Successors, the Matter, Wardens, and Commonalty of the Society of Merchants of the said City, and their Successors, and the several Persons subscribing towards the Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds therein named and described, are incorporated by the Name and Style of The Bristol Dock Company, and are empowered and required to make and maintain certain Works therein described; and by the said Act, in addition to the Sum of Two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds subscribed, or to be subscribed as therein mentioned, the said Bristol Dock Company were empowered to borrow and take up at Interest on the Credit of the Rates and Duties thereby granted a further Sum of Money, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds: And whereas an Act was passed in the Furty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled.

An Act to alter and amend an Act passed in the Forty-third Tear of the 45 G. 3. 0.33, [Ler. ft? Per.~\ 4II Reign

3o5 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

«/■ His present Majesty, intituled, ‘An Act for improving and render. * i«g more commodious the Port and Harbour of Bristol, and for extending ‘ the Powers and Provisions of the said Act,' whereby the said Dock Company are authorized to make additional Calls on the Proprietors of Stock or Shares in the said Undertaking, so as such Calls did not exceed in the Whole the Sum of One hundred and thirty-five Pounds upon each Share: And whereas an Act was also passed in the Forty-eighth Year of the Reign 4* G. j- of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for completing the Improvement of the Port of Bristol, whereby the said Dock Company are authorized to raise a further Sum of Money for discharging Debts, Sum and Sums of Money due and owing by the said Bristol Dock Company, and for carrying into Execution the Powers and Provisions thereof and of the said recited Acts; but it is enacted that such further Sum so to be raised shall not exceed the Sum of One hundred and eighty thousand Pounds: And whereas the said Bristol Dock Company have in the Execudon of the several Works authorized and required by the said recited Acts met with various Accidents and Lodes, and have therein incurred Debts, and are liable to Claims for Compensation to a considerable Amount more than they are authorized to raise under the said recited Acts: And whereas to enable the Directors of the said Bristol Dock Company to raise a sufficient Sum of Money for discharging the Debts they have incurred for paying Compensations due under the Provisions of the said recited Acts, and for completing the said Works, it will be necessary and expedient to alter, amend, and enlarge the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Power to present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it borrow shall and may be lawful to and for the Directors of the said Bristol Dock

Money. Company, or any Five or more of them, to raise, by all or any or such

of the Ways or Means herein-after mentioned as shall be from Time to Time determined on by any General Meeting of the said Dock Company to be held in Manner specified and directed by the said recited Acts, and in addition to the Sum which they are thereby authorized to raise, the further Sum of One hundred thousand Pounds, or such Part or Parts thereof as shall or may be necessary for discharging all and every the Debts, Sum and Sums of Money due or to become due from the said Bristol Dock Company, or the Directors nominated and appointed for managing and conducting the Affairs and Business of the said Dock Company, or for which they do now or at any Time hereafter shall or may Hand engaged, and for carrying into Execution the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Acts and this Act.

Mmty may

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Xo an. r Pro - to anc* *or r^e Directors, or any Five or more of them, to raise any Neats. Part of the said Sum of Money so as aforesaid authorized to be raised for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, by Loan or Promissory Notes, or by Calls on the Proprietors of Stock or Shares in the said Undertaking, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, according to the Amount of the Stock or Shares of such Persons respectively, so that no one Call shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds for each One hundred Pounds Stock in the said Undertaking, and that no Call to that Amount be made at iefs than Two Calendar Months from the preceding Call, which Calls so

49° GEORGII III. Cup. 17. 307

to be made shall be paid to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner, as the said Directors shall appoint.

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That the several Regulations, Extending Provisions, and Clauses contained in the said recited Act of the Forty- '^ymVnt eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty for Payment of Interest on of intsreit, the said Promissory Notes, and also for the Payment and Discharge of such

Notes, and for entitling the respective Holders of such Promissory Notes 4s G.to to the Option of being admitted and becoming Proprietors of Slock in thlsA4t-the said Brijicl Dock Fund, and for extending the Powers of the said former Acts to such Stock so to be created, and also for respiting Calls on Subscribers to the said Undertaking who shall advance any Sum or Sums of Money on any Promissory Notes, shall be and the same are hereby extended to the Sum and Sums of Money to be raised on Promissory Notes to be issued under the Authority of this Act, and also to such Promissory Notes and to the Holders thereof, and that as fully and effectually as if such Clauses, Powers, and Provisions were herein repeated.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the several Regulations, other Pro-Powers, Provisions, and Clauses contained in the said recited Acts, allow'-

ing Proprietors to relinquish their Shares upon giving Notice within Three to other Calendar Months after the passing of this Act, for the Sale of such Shares ex'

so relinquished, for Recovery of Calls and Arrears, and for Forfeiture of thU Xa. Stock on Non-payment of Calls, shall be and the same are hereby extended to the Stock to be created and the Calls to be made under and by virtue of this Act, and that as fully as if such Clauses, Powers, and Provisions were herein repeated.

V. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful Power to to and for the said Directors of the said Bristol Dock Company to assign

over the Rates and Duties granted and made payable by the said recited Acts, subject nevertheless to the necessary Charges and F.xpences of attending, maintaining, regulating, repairing, and preserving the Works authorized and required to be made, maintained, and preserved under and by virtue of the Clauses and Provisions contained in the said recited Acts, and subject also to the Promissory Notes of the said Dock Company from Time to Time issued and charged thereon as a Security or Collateral Security for the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, borrowed or to be borrowed by the said Bristol Dock Company.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every the Clauses, Extending

Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Matters, and Things contained in the said f

recited Acts, and applicable to this present Act, except such Part or Parts fdd "a* to'* thereof as is or are hereby altered or varied, shall, from the passing of tii» Act. this Act, extend to and be executed as well for the Intents and Purposes of the said recited Act as of this present Act, and that as fully and effectually as if such Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Matters, and Things wrere repeated and again enacted in the Body of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Charges and Expences inci- For paying dent to or attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid $e

out

3°8

Declaring the Act Publick.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. t 7.

out of the Monies received by the Bristol Dock Company for Calls from Proprietors, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaN; Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

4*s*4nft

Cap. 18.

An Act for establishing and well governing the Charitable Institution called The Society of Stewards and Subscribers for maintaining and educating poor Orphans of Clergymen until of Age to beput Apprentice; and for incorporating such Society -} and for more effectually enabling them to carry on their charitable and useful Deiigns, [2 8th^>r/71809.]

WHEREAS in the Year One thousand seven hundred and forty-nine, a Charitable Society was formed for maintaining and educating poor Orphans, of both Sexes, of Clergymen of the Church of England, until of Age to be put Apprentice; and the said Society hath been supported by the voluntary Subscriptiens and Donations of charitable and well-disposed Persons, and a very great Number of such Orphans have been received into the respective Schools of the said Charity, and maintained and educated by means of the Funds belonging thereto; and such Orphans have been instructed in the Doctrines of the Christian Religion as taught by the established Church, and in Reading, Writing and Arithmetic, and the Girls also in Needlework and Household Business, and trained in Habits of Industry and Regularity: And whereas Experience hath shewn that the said Charity hath been hitherto of considerable Advantage to the Public, and it is apprehended, that if countenanced and supported by the Laws of this Realm, and established upon a permanent Footing, and vested with Powers for better enabling [Lee. & Fer-2 4 I the

31°

49° GEORGII III. Cap. iS.

the Subscribers thereto to carry into Execution their charitable and useful Designs, t he said Charity would be of much more extmfive Dfe, and of aili greater Benefit and Advantage to the Public: And whereas the Purposes aforesaid cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your m >(t Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and l e it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That maintaining ’ from and after the passing of this Act, there be and shall be a Corporation ami educating to continue for ever, for clothing, maintaining, and educating poor of^cierrj men* Orphans of Clergymen un'il of Age to be put Apprentice; and that His Royal Highness Frederick Duke ot York Knight of the Must Noble Order of the Garter, His Highness William Frederick Duke* of Gloucester Knight of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, the Most Reverend his Grace Charles Lord Archbifhap of Canterbury, the Right Honourable John Lord Eldon Lord High Chancellor, the Honourable and Most Reverend his Grace Edward Venables Lord Archbishop of York, the Right Honourable John William Earl of Bridgewater, the Right Honourable George Harry Earl of Stamford and Warrington, the Right Honourable George Earl of Dartmouth Knight of the Most Noble Order of the Garter, the Right Honourable Jacob Earl of Radnor, the Right Honourable Robert Earl Grc/vettor, the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Romney, the Reverend and Right Honourable William Earl Nclfon Duke of Bronte, the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Viscount Crcmorne, the Right Reverend Beilby LordBishop cf London, the Honourable and Right Reverend Shute Lord Bishop of Durham, the Honourable and Right Reverend Brown'ovb Lord Bishop of Wtnchester, the Right Reverend Thomas LordBishop of Ely, the Right Revet end Folliott Herbert Walker Lord Bishop of Worcester, the Honpurable and Right Reverend James Lord Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry, the Right Reverend Richard Lord Bishop of Llandajf., the Right Reverend George Lord Bishop of Lincoln, the Right Reverend William Lord Bishop of Saint Asaph, the Right Reverend Richard Lord Bishop of Bath and Wells, the Right Reverend Spencer Lord Bishop of Peterborough, the Right Reverend John Lord Bishop of Hereford, the Right Reverend John Lord B lhop of Chichester, the R;ght Reverend John Lord Bishop of Bangor, the Right Reverend Henry William Lord Bishop of Chester, the Right Reverend George Isaac Lord Bishop of G'oucester, the Right Reverend Walker Lord Bishop of R chester, the Honourable and Right Reverend George Lord Bishop of Exeter, the Right Reverend Thomas Lord Bishop of Saint David’s, the Right Reverend John Lord Bishop of Salijbu y, the Right Reverend Henry Lord Bishop of Norwich, the Right Reverend Charles Lord Bishop of Oxford, the Right Reverend William Lcrt Lord Bishop of Bristol, the Right Reverend Samuel L"rd B shop of Carlisle, the Right Honourable John Lord Willoughby de Broke, the Right Honourable Edward Lord Ellenborough Lord Chief Justice of England, the Right Honourable George Lord Kenyon, the Right Honourable Admiral Lord Radjlock, the Right Honourable Sir Wiliam Scott Doctor of Laws Judge of the High Court of Admiralty, the Honourable Philip Pusey, the Reverend Richard Bullock Doctor in Divinity, the Reverend Anthony Hamilton Doctor in Divinity Archdeacon of Colchester, the Reverend George Owen Cambridge Master of Arts Archdeacon of Middlesex, the Reverend William Morice Doctor in Divinity, the Reverend James Evans, the Reverend Benjamin Lawrence,

the

49° GGEORGII 'III. Cap. 18. 3"

the Reverend Millington Buckley, the Reverend William Anlrobus, the Reveiend William Van Mildert, the Reverend John Moore Bachelor of Laws, the Reve-end Edward Embry, Clement Samuel Strong Esquire,

Georg: Samuel IVegg Esquire, Thomas Fineh Esquire, David Pike Watts Enquire, F ane s Gojling Esquire, John Matthew Grimwood Esquire, John Bowles Esquire, William Hamilton Esquire, John Gipps Esquire, and James Bush Esquire, together with any Person or Persons who hath or have pai ', at one Time, or in the course of any one Year for the Use of the said Society, the Sum of Twenty-one Pounds or more, or at any Time hereafter shall pay into the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Society for the Time being the Sum of Twenty-one Pounds, or such other Sum as the General Court herein-after mentioned of the said Society shall from Time to Time appoint cr prescribe as a Life Governor’s Subscription or more, at one Time, or in the coutfe of any one Year, for the Use of the said Society, provided the fame be accepted by the Committee herein-after mentioned for the Time being of the said Society, shall be and are hereby appointed Governors of the said Society; and also every Person who hath paid, or at any Time hereafter shall pay into the Hands of such Treasurer the Yearly Sum of One Guinea, or such other Sum as the said General Court shall from Time to Time appoint or prescribe as an Annual Governor’s Subscription, or more, for the Use of the said Society, provided the fame be accepted by the said Committee as aforesaid, shall, during such Time as they shall respectively continue to pay the fame, and also every Person who shall be appointed by ary General Court of the Governors of the said Society shall be respectively Governors of the said Society; and the said Governors, and the President, Vice-President, Treasurer, and Secretary of the said Corporation for the Time being shall be and they are hereby declared and adjudged to be One Body Corporate and Politic in Deed and in Law, by the Name of ‘ The Governors of the Society for clothing, maintaining, and educating Constitution

* poor Orphans oi Clergymen of the Edablished Church, in that Part corpout*!*

* of the United Kingdom of Great Britain called England, until of Age

* to be put Apprenticeand that by the fame Name they shall have perpetual Succession, and a Common Seal, with Power to change, alter, Common break, and make new the fame, when and as often as they shall judge SeaL

the same to be expedient; and that they and their Successors, by the Powertofu*-fame Name, may sue and be sued, implead and be impleaded, answer and beanswered unto, in all or any Court or Courts of Record and Places of Judicature within this Kingdom; and that they and their Successors, by the Name aforesaid, shall be able and capable in Law to have, hold, receive, enjoy, possess and retain, for the Ends and Purposes of this Act, and in Trull and for the Benefic of the said Society, all furh Sum and Sums of Money as have been paid, given, deviled, or bequeathed, or shall at any Time or Times hereafter be paid, given, dcvifcU or bequeathed, by any charitable or well-disposed Person or Persons, to and for the charitable Ends and Purposes in this Act mentioned; and that they and their Successors by the Name aforesaid, shall and may at any Time here- Land, after, without Licence in Mortmain, purchase, take or receive, hold and enjoy any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Estate or Interfft arifingor derived out of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments for the Purposes of the said Charity.

II. And be it further enacted, That the said Beilby Lord Bishop of President. London shall be and he is hereby appointed President of the said Corpora-11 tion;

3*2

Vic« President. Treafuj er. Secretary.

Committee.

C,enera!Court.

Annual General Court,

Election of Officers.

Power of Comm ttes to meet-

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

lion; and that the said Clement Samuel Strong Esquire shall be and he is hereby appointed the Vice-President of the said Corporation; and that the said James Bush Esquire shall be and he is hereby appointed Treasurer of the said Corporation; and that the said Reverend Edward Emery shall be and he is hereby appointed Secretary of the said Corporation; and that the Molt Reverend his Grace Charles Lord Archhbilhop cf Canterbury, the Right Honourable Robert Earl Grosvenor, the Reverend and Right Honourable William Earl Nelson Duke of Bronte, the Right Honourable Admiral Lord Radjlock, the Honourable Philip Pusey, the Reverend Richard Bullock Doctor in Divinity, the Reverend Anthony Hamilton D stor in. Divinity Archdeacon of Colchester, the Reverend William Morice Doctor in Divinity, the Reverend George Owen Cambridge Mailer of Arts Archdeacon cf Middlesex, the Reverend James Evans, the Reverend Benjamin Lawrence, the Reverend Millington Buckley, the Reverend William Antrobus, George Samuel IVegg Esquire, Davie Pike Watts Esquire, Francis Gojling Esquire, Thomas Finch E quire, John Grpps Esquire, John Matthew Grimwood Esquire, and John Bowles Esquire, together with the President, Vice-President, Treasurer, and Secretary of the said Coporation for the Time being, shall be and they are hereby appointed a Committee for transacting and managing the Affairs of the said Corporation, any Five of whom shall be a Quorum j and the said Prefu'enr, Vice-Presidenr, Treasurer, Secretary, and Committer, shall continue until the last Tuesday in the Month of February One thousand eight hundred and Ten and no longer, unless they shall be resptdlively re-ele&td to the said respective Offices; and the said Prefi-dent, or in his Absence the Vice-President, or the Treasurer or the Secretary, with any Seven or more of the other Members of the said Corporation, shall compose a General Court, and the first General Court shall be holden on the last Tuesday in the Munch of May next, at such House cr Place as the said Committee shall appoint; and a General Court of the Members of the said Corporation shall be holden Four Times at the least in every Year; that is to say, in the Months of February, May, August and November in every Year, and Notice of each such General Courts shall be given in one or mote of the public Newspapers published in the Cities of London and Westminster, Six Days at’the least before the Time so to be appointed for the holding of every such Court; and whenever Occasion shall require, a special General Court shall be holden by Order of the Committee, or the major Part of them present at any of Their Monthly or other Meetings, upon the like Notice of such Special General Court being given Six Days at the least before the time so to be appointed for the holding of the lame; and at the General Court which shall be holden in the Month of February in each and every Year, a President, Vice-President, Treasurer, Secretary, and Committee (co, filling of Twentyof the Governors of the said Corporation) shall be elected for the ensuing Year -, and the President, Vice-President, Treasurer, and Secretary of the said Corporation for the Time being, shall be Members of the said Committee, over and above such Twenty Governors so to be cledted; and they the said President, Vice-President, Treasurer, and Secretary, or one of them, shall be present at every Committee acting under and by virtue of the Authority of this Act; and the Governors of the said Corporation assembled at any General Court as aforesaid, or the major Part of them so assembled, such Number of Governors so to be assembled being not less than Seven of such Governors, shall and may delegate such Powers and Authority to the said Committee as they shall

313

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

shall think necessary for the more speedy, easy, and effectual Execution of tl is Act; and that such Governors shall have, full Power and Authority in the Name of the said Corporation and on their Account to apply and dispose of the Monies and Funds already given, and which shall from Time to Time be contributed and given by any Person or Persons on Account of the said Corporation, and all other Moniesand Funds belonging or to belong to the said Corporation, to and for the Purposes aforesaid, and to, for, and on any other Purpose, Way, Matter or Thing relating to the fa X Corporation, and for the Benefit thereof, ac their Dil'cretion, and with and under their Common Seal, to enter into any Covenants and Contracts for the Purposes aforesaid, or for any other Purpose or Purposes for the better effecting and carrying on of the charitable Uses and Di aforesaid, and to do, manage, transact, and determine all such othe. Matters and Things as shall to them or any Seven or more of them at any such Court, appear to be necessary, convenient, or proper for the eff cling and carrying on of the good Purposes aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the Governors of the said Corporation in a General Court assembled, or the major Part of them so assembled, but not Ids then Seven such Governors, to order and dispose of the Custody of the said Common Seal, and the Uie and Application thereof, and to make, ordain, and constitute such and so many Bye Laws, Constitutions, and Ordinances, as to them, or the greatest Number of them then and there present, such Number of Governors so to be assembled being not less than Seven such Governors, shall seem necessary and convenient, touching or in anywise concerning the Affairs and Bufinds, and the better governing, regulating, ordering and managing of the said Corporation, and of the Officers, Servants, and Persons employed in and about the Affairs thereof, and of the Persons applying to be admitted therein, and for the auditing of the Accounts of the said Corporation; and the fame Bye-Laws, Constitutions and Ordinances so made to put in use and enforce accordingly; and at their Will and Pleasure from Time to Time to revoke, change, and alter the fame, or any Part of them; which said Bye Laws, Conlti-tutions, and Ordinances, which shall be so made, changed, and altered, as aforesaid, shall be duly kept and observed, provided that the fame be not contrary or repugnant to the Statutes, Customs, or Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England: Provided nevertheless, that no such Bye Law, Constitution, or Ordinance shall be binding or have any Force or Elteft until the same shall have been agreed to and confirmed by the next succeeding General Court, whether Quarterly or Extraordinary; and that the fame Course shall be observed in altering or repealing any such Bye-Laws, Constitutions, or Ordinances.

III. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons in whose Name or Names any Sum or Sums of Money, Stocks, Funds, Annuities, Mortgages, Securities for Money or other Effects whatsoever shall at the Time of passing this Act Hand or be secured, the beneficial Interest wherein respectively shall belong to the said Society hereby incorporated, shall forthwith, after the passing of this Act, transfer and assign'the lame respectively so and in such Manner as that the same shall be vested in the Corporation, by the Name, Style, and Title herein before mentioned and enacted; and ihat the Treasurer for the Time being shall receive all Rents, Issues and Profits, Dividends, Interest and Produce of Stocks, Funds, Annuities, Mortgages and other Securities for Money, belonging to the said Corporation, and all Subscriptions, Donations, Benefactions and [Loc. ft? Per.~\ 4. K Legacies

Po wer to * General Court to contract, eta.

Bye Lavra.

Power to alter Bye Law,.

Trustees to transfer.

Treasurer ♦« rtflovc, etc.

3*4

Poorer to Committee and T'eafurer to invert.

Application of the Dividend, etc.

Death or "Removal of OiHcei's to a^pointothers,

Qitcftiont to

be decided by Votes.

Vacancies in Committee.

SchooJmaster and MistrelJ, and Menial Servant*,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 18.

Legacies paid, given, or bequeathed thereto, as the fame or any of them shall from Time to Time become due and payable, in the Name and for and on Behalf of the Laid Corporation; and that the Receipt of the said Treasurer for the Time being, the fame being fitft duly damped and given by him as for and in the Name of the said Corporation, shall be asufficient Discharge for the fame reflectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for. the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Corporation, and he is hereby authorized and required from Time to Time, by and with the Content and Approbation of the Committee thereof for the Time being, or the major Fart of such Committee present at any of their Meetings, to lay out and invett all or any such Sum or Sums of Money as have or hath been given, deviled or bequeathed, or shall at any Time or Times hereafter be paid, given, devi-fed or bequeathed by any charitable or well-difppfed Person or Persons, to and for the charitable Ends, Intents, and Purposes in this Act mentioned, or any Part thereof, in any of the Public Funds, in the Name of the said Corporation, other than and except such and so much thereof as shall be requisite for immediate Exigencies and Expenditures.

V. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Rents, IAues and Profits, Dividends, Interest and Annual Proceeds, which shall from Time to Time arise from the Funds and Securities belonging or which shall at any Time belong to the said Corporation, shall from Time to Time be applied to and for the Uses, Ends, Intents, and Purposes in this Act mentioned, and to or for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case of the Death or Resignation of the President or of the Vice-President, or Treasurer, or Secretary of the said Corporation, for the Time being, it shall be lawful for the Governors of the said Corporation, at any General Court, or the major Part of them then and there present, such General Court to consist of not less than Seven such Governors, to nominate and appoint a President, Vice-President, Treasurer, or Secretary, in the Room of the President, Vice-Presidenr, Treasurer, or Secretary, so deceased or having resigned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all Questions upon the Proceedings of the said Corporation at any General Court or Committee shall be decided by Vote •, and in case of an Equality of Voices, the President or Chairman shall have, in addition to his own Vote, the calling Vote.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Governors of the said Corporation at a General Court, or the major Part of them present at such General Court, but such General Court to r.onfifl of not less than Seven such Governors, shall have Power from Time to Time and a: all Times lo fill up any Vacancy or Vacancies in the Committee; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Committee, so to be appointed, or any Five or more of them, at any Monthly or other Meetins, from Time to Time and at all Times to appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think fit to be Schoolmaster and Schoolmiftrefs, and Menial Servants to the said Corporation, and from Time to Time to suspead or remove them respectively.

315

49° GEORGII III. Cap. t8.

tively, and appoint others in case of Death or such Suspension or Removal; and may, out of the Monies to be received under and by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, make such Allowances to all Officers,

Servants, and ocher Persons so to be appointed as to them shall appear reasonable and proper; and all and every such Officers, Matter and Mif- and tress, Servants, and ocher Persons of every Description, shall from Time account.10 to Time (when thereunto required by the said Committee or any Five or more of them) make and render to the said Committee or any Five or more of them, a true, exact, and perfect Account in Writing under their respective Hands, of all Furniture, Goods, and Chattels belonging to the said Corporation, which shall from Time to Time be in their Use or Custody, and of all Monies which he, file, or they and every of them respectively shall to that Time have received, paid, and diffiurfed by virtue of this Act, orby reason of their respective Offices and Services; and in case any Money lo received shall remain in their or any of their Hands,the fame shall be paid to the said Committee or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the same; and in case any such Officer P wer to or other Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify any such Squire,1 and Accounts, or to make any such Payment as aforesaid, and to deliver up commit, etc. all Goods, Books, Papers, and other Things in his or her Care or Custody, then any Two or more Justices of the Peace for such County as any one of the Schools of the said Corporation shall for the Time being be situa-ted in, shall and may, upon Complaint to them, make Enquiry of and concerningfuchDefault in afummary Way(as well byConfession of the Parties themselves as by the Testimony of one or more credible Witness cr Witnesses upon Oath or Affirmation, which Oath or Affirmation the said Justicesarehere-by empowered and required to administer), and such justices shall be empowered, if they shall judge fit, to commit the Party or Parties so offending as aforesaid to the Common Gaol of such County as the said School shall for the Time being be situated in, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until, he, ffie or they shall have made a true and perfect Account and Paymenc as aforesaid, or until he, ffie or they shall have compounded and agreed with the said Committee or any Five or more of them, and have paid , such Composition Money, which C.omposition the said Committee or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered to make: Provided always, that no Person or Persons, who shall be committed as aforesaid, shall be detained in Prison for a longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That at the General AooCntment Annual Court to be holden in every Year by virtue of this Act, the Govtr- ut' Auditor, nors of the said Corporation then present shall cleft and appoint Twenty-two of the Governors of the said Corporation, not being Members of the Committee for the Time being, ro be Auditors of the Accounts of the said Corporation, and that such Auditors or any Five *or more of them shall at lead One Week previous to the General Annual Court to be holden by virtue of this Act, or oftener if they shall see Occasion, meet and audit, examine and pal's the Accounts and Vouchers of the Treasurer for the Time being; at which Meeting of Auditois to the said Corporation, the President, the Vice President, the Treasurer, and the Secretary, for the Time being, any or either of them, shall have Liberty to be present-.

X. Provided.

3*6

TreafutVr to p v 1» Mcnie to the fuccCCd

in- Trc&lurer eu-

False Certificates%

Limitation ot Actions.

Treble Cofii.

[Public Act.]

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. x 8.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Treasurer to ’ the said Corporaiion for the Time being shall pay over all the Monies re-» maining in his Hands, and transfer all or any bunds which may at any Time be (landing in his Name as Treasurer as aforesaid, to the Treasurer immediately succeeding him, on Demand by such succeeding Treasurer, with the Authority of the said Committee or any Five or more of them, or of the General Court at which such (ucceeding Treasurer shall be elected or appointed, and shall deliver over to such succeeding Treasurer all Books of Account, Muniments, Deeds, Vouchers, Securities, and Papers belonging to the said Corporation.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Statement or Matter contained in any Certificate or Declaration, which the Committee of the said Corporation for the Time being, or any Five or more of them present at any of their Monthly or other Meetings, shall or may be required to be tr ade and subscribed, previous to and for the Purpose of the Admission of any Orphan into any School of the said Corporation, according to the Rules of the said Corporation, shall be found to be false or untrue, that then the Admission of every Orphan under such false Certificate or Declaration shall be and is hereby declared to be void, and the Orphan so admitted shall be returned to his or her Mother or Friends, unless the Governors of the said Corporation at any General Court shall think fit to continue the said Orphan or Orphans in the said Charity

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Action shall be brought or Suit commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Premises or any of them, every such Action or Suit shall be laid or brought withinTwelve Calendar Months next after the Faft shall be committed, and shall be laid or brought in the County of Middlesex, or the City of London, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Deiendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall not be brought within the Time before limited, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants $ and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for recover, ing the same as any Defendant or "Defendants hath or have for Cods in ether Cafes by Law.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

K*1*

Cap. 19.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the Reads 1+g. x.c 19. from a Place called Red House, near Doncaster to Wakefield, and through the said Town of Wakefield, by Dewsbury, Hightown, and Lightcliff, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York:

And whereas another Act was made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Termt and Powers G t granted by Two several Ad: passed in the Fourteenth 1 ear of His present 5 * 54 Majesty, the one for repairing the Reads from a Place called The Red House, near Doncaster, to Wakefield, and through the said Town of Wakefield by Dewsbury, Hightown and Lightcliff, to the Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York; and the other for repairing the Road from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to a Place called Weeland, in the Townfh'p of Henlall, and from Pontefract to Wentbridge, in the Township of Harrington, in the lift Riding of the County of York: And whereas another Act was made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,intituled, An Act for reviving,continuing, and amending certain jjG.j. c. uj. Acts of the Fourteenth and Thirtieth Years of King George the Second, so far as relates to repairing the Road from the North End of Wakefield Bridge to Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of T ork: And whereas great Pro-\Loc. & Perl] 4 L gress

318

A Further continued.

For nppoint-in t Additional Trustees.

49* G E O JR. G11 III. Cap. 19.

gress hath been made in repairing, widening, diverting and making commodious the said Road, for which Purpose a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed and Hill remains due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts, which Money cannot be repaid, and the faiii Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts is further continued, the Tolls increased, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, enlarged and rendered more effectual; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also such as are hereby varied, altered or repealed), shall be and remain in full Force and Effect, and be executed for and during the ’Term hertin-asser mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations and Additions herein contained and that this Act shall commence and take Effed upon the passing thereof, and the Term and Powers hereby granted shall be an 1 are1 hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts, and of such other Sums of Money as shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof and of this Act, and all Interest due and to become due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further extaded, That George Addey, George A 'dfm, Ro. bert A Holt, George Allott, George Armytage, John Armytage, Jo ph Army-tage, William Balt, William Barff, Thomas Brad ey, William Bradley the younger, John Bramley theyounger, Richard Burrell, Richard Burrell j ur.ior, Robert Carr, William Charnock, John Robert Clark, Henry Cfofsley, Janus Grefs ley the younger, Benjamin Dealiry, John Dyson of WillowField, 'John Edwards of North Owram, Henry Lees Edwards, Thomas Edwards of Pye Nest, Thomas Edwards of Halifax, John Edwards of Halifax, Nathaniel Eowler, John Gariick, John Greenwood, William Greenup the younger, George Greenup the younger, Richard Greenup, John Hall, Joseph Hall, Richard Ilarrifon, John Hardy, Samuel Hartley, Samuel Hodgfn, John Hodgson, John Holland, Joshua Thomas Horton, GeorgeWilliam HortonfThomas Hudson, Richard Hudson the younger, joshua Hudson Abraham Richard Ingram, IFtlliirtn lngrdm the younger, the Reverend Thomas Johnflone, John Ltfier Kaye, William Jones Kendal, Richard Kcrjhaw, John Lee junior, Thomas L'fler, Samuel Lifer, John Lifer, John Lonsdale, Abraham Firth Macau-ley, John Maude, Richard Rhodes Milnes, James Moore, Jeremiah Naylor the younger, John Nettleton, Henry Peterson, John Prefon,fhomas P ref on the younger, Edward Priejiky, William Priefley, Joseph Raddife, Charles Radcliffe, William RhAchjfe, John Ralph, Richard RamfJen Oodor in Divinity, Stansfeld Raitfn, Lhrifopher Rawson, Henry William Rawson, Jeremiah Rawson, John Rawson the younger, Thomas Rawson, William Rayner, John Ridsdale, GeorgeRidfdale, John Robson, William Rotcth, Thomas Rylah, William Smithson, Edward Steer, Joseph Sunderland the younger, James Thompson, Samuel Thontpfon the younger, Thomas Thornhill, Joseph Tolfoti, Walter Vavafour, Sa nuc/ H aterhouse, Charles Waterion, John Richard Walker, Wi/hdrft Walker, Henry Wig/csworth. Sir Henry Wifan Knight, and * Elias

3i 9

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 19.

Elias Wright, shall be added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, for putting the fame and this Act into Execution with respect to the said Road; and the Trustees hereby appointed, and their Successors respectively, being qualified according to the Directions of the said recited Acts, are hereby empowered to ad in the Execution of the said Acts and of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, a if they had been appointed Trustees in or by virtue of the said Acts.

III. And be it further enacted, That all Acts and Proceedings of any Person or Persons who hath or have acted, or who shall act as a 1 rustee or Trustees in the Execution of this or the said recited Acts, although not duly qualified previous to his or their being convicted of such Ostence, shall be as valid and eff'edual as if such Person or Persons had been so qualified. 1

IV. And whereas the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts have been found insufficient for amending and keeping the said Road in good Repair, and for executing the several other Purposes of the said Acts; be it therefore further enacted, That from and after the Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Tolls payable in and by the said re-

, cite.! Acts with respect to the said Road shall cease, determine, and b'e no longer paid or payable; and that instead thereof the respective 1 oils following shall be demanded and taken at all or any of the Gates or Turnpikes which are or shall be erected, in, upon, or on the Side of or across the said Road, before any Horse, Cattle or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the fame; (that is to say),

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Curricle, Calash or other such like Carriage, or Hearse, drawn by Six Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings; and drawn by Five Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse or Beast of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart or other such like Carriage, with the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, not being laden with or going empty for or returning empty after being laden with Coal or Cinders and drawn by Four HoTes or Beast. of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings; and drawn by One Horse or other Beast of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart or other such like Carriage, with the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, not being laden with or going empty for or returning empty after being laden with Coal or Cinders, and drawn by Eight or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Eight Shillings; and drawn by Six cr Seven Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling for each Horse; and drawn by Five Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses or Beasts of Draught the Sum of Four Shillings; and

drawn

That A (3s of Trustees not qualified shall be valid.

For difeonti-ruing the pre-len: Tolls and granting n.w ones.

3^0 49° GEORGII III. Cap. iq.

drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings;

and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Ivvo Shillings; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of One

Shilling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart or other such like Carriage going empty for, or laden, or returning empty after being laden with Coal or Cinders, drawn by Four or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of I wo Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings; and drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by One Horse or Bead of Draught, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, or going for or returning with Coal or Cinders, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, not drawing, but going for or returning laden with Coal or Cinders, the Sum of Three-pence': For every Drove of Cattle, the Sum of 1’wo Shillings and Sixpence per Score; and so in Proportion for any less Number: and

For every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any less Number:

Which several Tolls shall be and the same are hereby veded in the said Trustees, and the fame and every Part thereoflhall be collected, recovered, levied, paid, applied, adigned, varied and disposed of in such and the same Manner, and by such Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Non-payment or Evalion thereof, and with such Powers, Provisions, Regulations anil Redrictions as are contained in the said recited Acts, but luhject to the Regulations, Alterations and Exemptions in this Act contained.

T its may be V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Truff*r rn Por- ' tecs> or any F>ve or more of them, to order and aired the Tolls hereby tion>. granted to be taken and received in different Portions, at such and so many

Gates and Turnpikes which are or shall be erected upon the said Road, as they shall think proper, and from Time to Time to vary the fame Portions at their Discretion; provided that nothing herein contained shall authorize the erecting of any Tailgate or Turnpike within the Distance of One Mile of the Town of Halifax aforesaid.

E-'m-vtion

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or

<Vo»n foil- taken for any Horse, Cattle or Bcaft employed in carrying or conveying,

or going to carry or convey, or returning from carry ing or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, l imber, Road Gravel or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships in which any Part of the said Road doth lie, or the next adjoining Townships; or Hay, Grass, Straw or Corn in the Straw only, 1 urves, Heath or Furze for Fuel, to be produced from the Lands or Grounds, not sold or disposed of but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the respective Owners for the Purpose of thrashing out such Corn, or of using and con-fuming such Hay, Grass, Straw, Turves, Heath, and Furze; or for any Cart or other Carriage, Horse, Cattle or Beall employed in carrying or

conveying

521

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows or Implements ol Husbandry, Corn for feeding the Ground, or any Dung, Compost, or Manure employed inHusbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands (Lime only excepted); or for any Horses, Sheep or Cattle going to or returning from Failure or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being Ihoed or famed; or for any Horse, Cattle or Beall employed in carrying and conveying or returning from carrying or conveying any Corn, Grain, Meal or Flour to or from any Corn Mill for the Owner’s own Use and Consumption and not for Sale; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Townships; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or going to or returning from other his Parochial or Minilterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horse, Cattle or Carriage, of whatever Description. employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Fxpreffes under the Authority of His Majesty's Poltmaller General, either when employed in carrying, fetching, or guarding, such Mails or Expresses, or returning back from conveying the fameor for any Horse, Cattle or Bead attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack or Commissariat or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces; or for any Horse, Cart, Cattle or Beall employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beall carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of York, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Lledion shall begin or be concluded; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Mare or Gelding furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

VII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage pjovided for the Sendee of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, [Lsr. If Perd\ 4 A/ Barrack

Catnagrscon-

veyi.ni' Milt* tary Stores not ,y rv- Cub-

322

j*?£t to Penalties for Overweight, ec.

Tor preventing Annoyances.

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 19.

Barrack or Commissariat or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture, nor shall any stich Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage be flopped or detained by reafou of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart or other Carriage, or being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen, but it shall be Lawful for any Owner or Driver of any furh Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carnage; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall drive any Horse or other Cattle, or any Cart or other Carriage, or hale, draw, carry, pal's or wheel any Hurry, Tiuck or Wheelbarrow on any Footway or causeway adjoining to the said Road, or shall cause any Damage to be done to such Footway or causeway, or to any Hedges, Fences, Breast Walls, Ports, Rails or Palings set up along the Side or upon such Footway -, or shall in or upon any Part of the said Road, or by the Side or Sides thereof, or in any exposed Situation near thereto, kill, slaughter, fhige, i'Cald, dress, or cut up any Bead, Swine, Calf, Lamb or other Cattle, or cause or permit any Blood to run from any Slaughter-house, House, Building, Butcher’s Shop or Shambles into the said R >ad,orburn, dress or sweep any Piece or Pieces of Cork; or hoop, fire, cleanse, walh, or feald any Cafx or Casks in any Part of the said Road, or in any exposed Situations near thereto; or shall hew, law or cut, or cause to be hewn, fawn or cut any Stone, Wood or Timber; or shall shoe, farry or bleed any Horse, Mare or Gelding, Mule or Afs, except in the Cafe of Accidents; or if the Driver of any. Waggon, Cart, Dray, Sledge or other Carriage used for the carrying of Goods and Merchandize, fh.di ride on the Shafts or any Part of such Waggon, Cart, Dray, Sledge or other Carriage1, or on any of the Horses drawing the fame, upon any Part of the said Road; or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of the said Road, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone etherwiie than wholly upon wheeled Carriages, or shall fulfer any Part of any Tree, or Piece of Timber or Stone, which shall be carried'upon wheeled Carriages,’to drag upon any Part of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof respectively; or if any Occupier of any C.lose of Land, or of any Court, Garden or Yard adjoining the said Road, shall not hang the Gate and Gates communicating with the said Road and fitch Close, Court, Garden or Yard, so as to open inwards; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon the said Road shall suffer the same to root up and damage the fame or any Part thereof, or the Fences, Hedges, Banks or Copfu on either Side thereof; or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaiie, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage upon the said Road and meeting another Coacu, Ghaife, Waggon, Cart or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on die left or near Side of the Road; or if any Person shall, in any Manner, wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from passing him upon the said Road, or the Coach, C.haife, Waggon, Cart, or such other Carriage under his Care; or if any Person shall matte or affill in making any Fire or Fires, commonly cailed Bonfires, or shall set fire to or let off any Gun, Pistol, Cracker, or throw any Squib, Rocket, Serpent or Firework whatsoever, on ary Part or Parts of the said Road; or if any Person shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, in, upon or on the Side of any Part of the said Road longer than vr may

49° GEORGII III. C'ap. ig. 323

nay be necessary. for loading or unloading: the fame, either with or without any Horse or Bead of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto; or shall lay any Piece of Timber, Packs of Wool, or any Stones, Hay, Straw,

Dung, Manure, Soil, Allies, Filth, Rubbish or other Matter or Thing whatsoever on any Part of the said Road, or on the Side or Sides thereof, or upon the Footpaths or causeways adjoining to such Road, to the Prejudice, Annoyance, or Interruption of Persons travelling and passing thereon; or shall lay or place on the Walls or Fences of the said Road, lor any Purpose whatever, any Wool, Woollen Cloth or Linen, or shall tenter or stretch any Warp or Warps within the Fences thereof, nearer than Twenty-four Feet of the Centre; every Person to offending shall, for each and every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

IX. And whereasgreat Inconveniences have arisen from erecting andtnaking For pt >v-n* Dwellinghouses, Buildings, Walls, Fences, Hedges and Ditches too near jjj'ntE^<,aJl' the Sides of the said Turnpike Road; for Remedy whereof, be it enacted, l uild og. That front and after the passing of this Act, no Person shall encroach upon Ditihes,etc. the said Road by making or causing to be made any Dwellinghouse, Building, Wall, Fence or Hedge within Fifteen Feet of the Centre of the said Road on the South Side thereof j and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees or any Five of them to cause such Dwellinghouses,

Buildings, Walls, Fences, Hedges and Ditches to be taken down or filled up at the F.xpence of the Person or Persons to whom the same shall belong; and it shall and may be lawful for any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the West Riding of 2 or {/hire, upon Proof thereof to him or them made upon Oath, to levy as well the Expences of taking down such Dwellinghouses, Buildings, Walls, Fences and Hedges, as of filling up such Dirclies as aforesaid, by Distreis and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, rendering the Overplus to the Owner and Owners on Demand.

X. And whereas under or by virtue of the said first recited Act, the Truf- Prct^i of tees are empowered to contract with the Owner or Owners of the Lands r°'ver,° lying on either Side of the said Roads, for the absolute Purchase of such l'ndTin t’ o Lands, for the Purposes of extending, enlarging or widening the said Act of >4 G.*, Roads, or making any new Road or Roads contiguous or adjacent thereto;

but no Power or Authority is-thereby given to the said Trustees to enable them to exchange any Part or Parts of the said Roads with the Owner or Owners of the adjoining Lands for the Purposes before-mentioned; lor Remedy whereof be it enacted, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, the Powers and Authorities given to the said Trustees by the said first recited Act, for enabling them to purchase Lands for the Purposes therein mentioned, shall be extended to all Cafes where any Exchange or Exchanges of Land shall be made by the said Trustees and the Persons interested; and also for enabling the said Trustees to exchange Lands for any of the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Jury shall HowEvpfrcr* give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money, as a Re- be defrayed! cc-mpence for the Right, interest or Property of any Person or Persons in

any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by them sustained, than what shall have been agreea to have been given and offered by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or their

Treasurer

324 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other known Agent, before the summoning and returning of the Jury, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then and in fufth Cafe the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, out of the Money in his or their Hand or Hands, to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act; but if such Jury shall give and deliver in a Verdict or AiTeflment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to have been given and offered by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them before the summoning and returning the said Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, that then the full Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the Hearing and Determination of such Difference, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace acting for the West Riding of the County of Turk, not interested in the Matter in question (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame at a Time and Place to be by him appointed, after summoning the Parties interested therein to attend him for that Purpose), shall and Inay be deduded out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Money shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment and 'l ender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid up on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk or Clerks to the Trustees, by such Ways and Means as are by the said first recited Act provided for recovering of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons interested in such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall, by reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating with the said l rustees, the whole of such Costs, Charges and Expences shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

Owner; of

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That wherever the Course nuking any1" of any Part of the Roac*(ba" be a!terecl by virtue of the said recited Acts new R'udto or this Act, and a new Road opened and made in and upon the adjoining

meroitiK ^and, the Offer of the Purchase of such old Road shall be first made to

K the Owner of such adjoining Land which shall be cut and used for the

Purpose of making such new Road; and in case such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser of such old Road, and cannot agree with tire said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall still be defirou3 ol becoming the Purchaser thereof,

then and in such Case the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained by

a Jury in such and the like Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser at the Sum to be ascertained by the Jury to be the Value thereof, and in case such Owner shall refuse to pay such Money upon Demand made by the Treasurer or Clerk to the Trustees, and Tender of the Conveyance of such old Road, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees

8 by

49° GEORGII III. Cap. ig.

32 S

by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and in case any such Owner shall not agree or shall refuse to purchase such old Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons (not int ere fled in the Premises) to make an Affidavit, to be fwcm before a Matter Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Ma-jessy’s Justices of the Peace for the County, Town, or Place where such old Road shall lie, flating that such Offer had been made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner had not agreed or had refused to purchase such old Road (as the Case may be), and such Affidavit shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to, or refused by such Owner.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application of awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments purchased, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and of this amcmutm/w Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme *°ol» Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account cx parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the said Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses,

Trusts, Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled, to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited.or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancer}', upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from lime to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled io the Rentg and Profits of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, by the said recited Acts or this Act directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

[Lw. isf Per.}

4 N

326

Application where the Ompensation Many is less than aool and not leis than lol*

Application where the Money is less than 201.

In case of not making out Titles.

Purchase Money to be paid into the Bai.k;

subj:ct to the Order of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition.

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 19.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money, so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or 10 any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands,! cnementr, or Hereditaments fopurch.afed, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed ro his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the fame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancer)'.

XV. Provided also, and be it further cradled, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame Avail be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, thento his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any "Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements,or Hereditaments [describing them\ subject to the Order, Controui, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or other-

327

49° GEORGII III. Cap. ic).

wife as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Puolic Funds, and to order Dirtribution thereof, or Pay--inent of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Ertate or Ef-tates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem jurt and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the lame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Ques* lion shall arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of any Ertate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shown to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some odier Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority o f the said recited Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the fame shall' be required tobe paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the likeUfes, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expellees of all Purchase* from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Colls and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustets, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof,

shall

Respertinj

diluted

Title*.

TheCourt may order reason-abk Expences of the Eur-chales to be paid by the TrufUts.

Persons chargeable to Statute Work to continue lo.

328

Justices to determine Differences touching Statute Work.

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding of the County of York, and they are hereby empowered and required upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order yearly to adjudge and determine what Part and Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Townships or Places in which the said Road lieth, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every i'uch Township or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Township or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year, upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such D. ys a id at such Times (not being Haytime or Harvest) and in such Parts of Hie said Road as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof a6 the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Jieafu-rer, at such Time or Times as they the’ said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recoveied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective 1 erfous liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person •who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her or them, at his, her or their laftor usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall ior every Day of his, her or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to By any Law or Statute in so: ce and effect for the Repair of the public Highways-; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be fou id idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the-Person who shall be found idle or negligent as 4 aforesaid.

329

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

afore Paid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refuted to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the saidi Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the Paid Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Townships or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lilts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings,

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Trustfei may for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, gtaiuteWork! Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on the said Road or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Townships or Places in which the said Road is situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways or other Officer of the Township, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer of the said Trustees in advance, on or before the First Day of October in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Township or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XXI. And be it further ert acted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures here- For Recovery by or by the said recited Acts or any of them inflicted or authorized to be and Applies imposed, if the Manner of levying and recovering thereof is not herein or of Penal' therein otherwise directedv shall, upon Proof of the Offences respectively

before any one Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, or Placewhere-in the Offence shall have been committed, or any one Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offender shall reside, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer) be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice is hereby empowered to grant for those Purposes); and the Overplus, after such Penalties and Forfeitures and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and One Moiety of such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall, if not otherwise directed to be applied, be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any such Justice, and he is hereby required by Warrant or Warants under his Hand and Seal to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County, Riding, or Place wherein the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time \_Loc. Cfl* Per.'] 4 0 not

33©

Form of Con. notion.

For secur ng transient

Oiicnders.

For paying the Expencra of the Act.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 19.

not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalty and Forfeiture and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXII. And, for the more easy and spaedy C.onviction of Offenders against this or the said recited Acts, be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offer.Ge against this or the said recited Acts, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following or in any other Form of Words to the fame Filed; videlicet;

County o'Y ik,\<e t->£ it remembered, That on this

ovut- ic 1) Day of in the Year of our

" Lord is convicted before me

" [or, us] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the

« West Riding of the County of 1 'ork [or, as the Case may be, specifying the

Offence, and the Time and Place when and where the same was committedi " as the Case shall be\. Given under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands " and Seals] the Day and Year first above written."

!• t

XXIII. And whereas Offences may be committed against this or the said recited Acts by Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers employed by the said Trustees; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any one or more of the said Trustees, or their Clerk or Clerks, or the Collectors, Surveyors or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, without any Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons, who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them, before any Justice of the Peace for the County or District near to the Place where the Offence or Offences shall have been committed, and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons, so offending, to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty Sessions to be holden within and for the Comity, Riding, or Diffrid, in which such Offence or Offences shall have been committed, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Petty Sessions, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary way, and upon the Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he, file, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Sessions as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol, or House of Correction for the same County, Riding, or District, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days, unless he, she,or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred, for such Offence or Offences, together-with the Costs and Charges attending the Conviction and Commitment.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the procuring and obtaining this Act, together with lawful Interest from the Time of advancing the fame till the Time of Payment, shall be paid and satisfied by the said Trustees, and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five

or

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 19. 33*

or more of them, and they are hereby required to order and direct the Payment of the said Charges and Expences with Inter ell as aforesaid, out of the first Monies that shall be collected, borrowed, or received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments and Disbursements whatsoever.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and public Act. taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such

by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said Term and recited Acts shall, on the said Tenth Day of May One thousand eight hun- Continuance dred and nine, cease and determine; and the said Acts (subject to the Al- 0 tht Acr’ terations, Variations, and Additions, herein-before contained) and this Act shall from thenceforth commence, continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the ting's most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 20.

An Act to alter and amend an Act of the Parliament of Ireland passed in the Thirty-third Year of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act respeEling the Col-leElton of publick Money to be levied in the County of the City of Dublin by Presentment; and for the better Regulation of the Mode of Election and Office of Treasurer of the publick Money of the City of Dublin.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the c. 56

Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act reflecting (frith Aa.) the Collection of Public Money to be levied in the County of the City of Dublin by Presentment: And whereas certain Powers and Authorities were given to the Grand Juries for the County of the City of Dublin for making Presentments of Money for public Services, and for regulating their several Offices. And whereas the Provisions of the said recited Act have been found inefficient for the Purposes thereby intended, and it is necessary that the fame should be altered, enlarged, and amended, and further and better Provision made for those Purposes: May it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

[Loc. Per.] 4 P and

334-

I3& 14 G. 3. c. 18.

(Irish Act.)

Acts of present Trea-(urer to be good, and Election confirmed.

i-SA dial]

f. left ion of a Treasurer in future.

490 GGEORGII III. Cap. 20.

and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all and every the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained, ffave and except such Parts thereof as are altered, varied, or repealed), shall be, and the fame is and are hereby declared to be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into I-xecution, as if the fame had been repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this present Act:

II. And whereas Doubts have arisen whether the Treasurer of the County of the City of Dublin should not be elected in Manner prescribed in and by an Act of Parliament passed in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better regulating the Office of County Treasurers, and the Duty of Clerk of the Crown in refect of Prafentments and to enable the Grand Jury, of the County of Wicklow, to rafe Money by Prtfent-nrent for purchasing cf Ground or Houses adjoining to the Court House of said County, for the Purpose of building Additions to the said Court HcuJ'e: And whereas from the limited Number of Justices of the Peace for the County of the said City, and the several Perl'ons who have served the Office of Lord Mayor, being moffly Persons in Trade, and from other causes, it can scarcely happen that a Number of Justices, qualified as by the said Act is directed, can be had to make an Election of Treasurer of the County of the said City; in order, therefore, to remove such Doubts, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the ^Election heretofore made by the Magistrates of the said City of the present Treasurer thereof be, and the fame is hereby confirmed j and that all and every Act and Acts heretofore done by him as Treasurer of the said City in the Execution of his said Office, shall be as good, valid, and effectual as if such Treasurer had been duly elected and appointed to such Office, according to the Provisions and Directions contained in the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty; and such Election and Appointment of such Treasurer shall be as good, valid, and cftectual, and

such Treasurer shall have and enjoy such and the like Powers and Authorities, Privileges and Immunities, and be subject to such and the like Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures as if he had been duly elected according to the Provisions and Directions of such Act; any Law or Scatute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted.That whenever the Treasurerfnip of the said County of the City of Dublin shall be vacant either by the Death, Resignation, or Removal, or Dismission of the present or any future Treasurer, the Lord Mayor of the said City for the Time being shall, within Twenty-one Days after such Vacancy, convene the Board of Magistrates of the County of the said City of Dublin, to meet at the Sessions Court in the said City between the Hours of Twelve in the Forenoon and Two in the Afternoon, and then and there, by the Majority of Votes of such Magistrates as shall be present, (notwithstanding any Want of •Qualification mentioned in the said recited Act made in the Thirteenth

and

335

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

and Fourteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty), shall proceed to elect a fit and sufficient Person to be Treasurer of the said City of Dublin; and at such Meeting the said Lord Mayor, or in his Absence the senior Magistrate present, shall preside as Chairman, and shall take the Votes of the other Magistrates, and shall not himself give his Vote except in case of Equality of Voices: Provided always, That no

Magistrate shall be allowed to vote in any such Election who shall be a Candidate for such Treasurership: And provided always, That no

Person who friall at any Time hereafter be elected Treasurer of the County of the said City of Dublin shall be capable of lcrving in the said Office, unless he shall, immediately after his Election, in open Court, enter into a Recognizance, before the Chairman of the Meeting Treasurer to at which he shall have been so elected Treasurer, and any other Ma- enter into Ke-giftrare present at such Election, (which Recognizance such Chairman ^'^reties and Magistrate shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to W1 take), in the Sum of Five thousand Pounds, and shall procure Two or more sufficient Securities at the same Time, to enter into a Recognizance each in a Sum equal to one Half of the Sum in which such Treasurer shall bind himself; the Condition of which Recognizance shall be, "that such Treasurer shall justly and truly account in Manner and Form, and at the Times by this Act or the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty required, or to be required by any Law in force and effect, and that he shall at all Times justly and truly pay and account for all Money which he shall have received as Treasurer, and that he shall duly and faithfully discharge the Duties of his said Office in every Respect; and that he, his Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, shall and will, upon his Death, Removal, Ditmiiral, or Resignation, deliver to his Successor such Balance of Money as shall appear to be in his Hands, or shall be due by him, and all Books, Papers, Affidavits, and Accounts depofued with him, or kept by him as Treasurer of the County of the said City of Dublin."

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case Election of each of such Securities at the Foot of such Recognizance shall not Treasurer to prove to the Satisfaiftion of such Chairman and Magistrate, and make be void, un-Affidavit thereof before such Chairman and Magistrate, (who are makeYhe"^ hereby empowered to take the fame), that he is really and bond Affidavit re-fide worth the Sum mentioned In his said Recognizance, over and quired. above all his just Debts, and exclusive of any Property of which he is Tenant for Life only, then, and in every such Case, such Election shall be null and void, and the Magistrates for the County of the said City of Dublin shall on the next Day, and at the same Place, and between the fame Hours, proceed in like Manner to elect a proper and sufficient Person to be Treasurer, and in case at any Meeting for the Election of a Treasurer, no sufficient Person should offer himself to be chosen, or in case the Person so chosen should not comply and perform all and singular the Requisites herein directed, to be performed on the Part of such Person, then the said Magistrates shall attend on the Monday next ensuing, the Time hereby directed for

The Judges of the Court of King’s Bench to ex mine Treasurer concerning his AccountSj 6cq.

Persons to be reimbursed Monies expended by them in executing any Presentment before the

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

for holding such Election, and in case no Treasurer shall be chosen at forh Assembly, then on the Monday following, and so on upon every succesTive Monday until a Treasurer shall be elected, who shall be capable of serving in the said Office, and perform the Requifues aforesaid, and every Recognizance taken as aforesaid shall be delivered by the Chairman to the Clerk of the Peace, who is required to attend every such Assembly, and such Recognizance shall be by him deposited and duly entered in His Majesty's Court of Exchequer, as soon after as he conveniently can enter the fame: And in

order the more effectually to oblige every Treasurer during his Continuance in Office, to keep up a good and sufficient Security, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Judges of the Court of King’s Bench shall and may, if required by the Grand Jury, or if the said Court shall otherwise find sufficient Cause, examine the Treasurer, or any other Person or Persons in open Court upon Oath, touching the Existence and Property of his Sureties, or touching any Act relative to his said Office of Treasurer, and if the said Court shall find any Reason to apprehend that either or both of his Sureties are dead or insufficient, then, and in every such Case, the said Court shall and is hereby required to cause such Treasurer to procure another Surety or Sureties in his or their Room, and if such Treasurer shall refule to be examined, or to answer upon Oath, or to procure another Surety or Sureties, who shall enter into Recognizance, and make the Affidavit by this Act required, or on any other sufficient Cause appearing to the said Court, then, and in any of the Cafes aforesaid, the said Court shall, and is hereby required to dismiss the said Treasurer from his Office, and ro cause such Dif-rniffion to be entered in the Crown Book, and likewise in the Book of Entry of the Treasurer’s Accounts, to be kept by the Clerk of the Crown; and another Treasurer shall thereupon be defied by the Magistrates of the said County of the City of Dublin in Manner aforesaid, and such Treasurer shall be subjetl to the like Rules, Regulations, Penalties, and Forfeitures ns the Treasurer in whole Room or Stead he shall be so defied, and so toties quoties whenever such Office of Treasurer for the County of the said City of Dublin shall beconrc vacant.

V. And whereas, from the Bankruptcy of the late Treasurer, and his being considerably indebted to the County of the said City of Dublin, and the Sum and Sums of Money for which his Sureties were bound in Security being considerably less than the Sum due by him, several Persons, wtio have upon the Credit of the County of the said City expended Money in executing the Public Works, will be great Sufferers.: Be it therefore enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall make it appear upon Oath to the Grand Jury for the County of the said City of Dublin, at any presenting Term after the pSfling of this Act, that lie, flie, or they, hath or have expended any Money in executing any Preferment passed before the Bankruptcy of the late Treasurer; and that there (till remains due to him, her, or them, the whole, or any Part thereof, and that he, she, or they

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 20. 337

they had not received any Note, Bond, Security or Satisfaction for the fame, then and in every such Case the Grand Jury shall cause the Treafu- Treafjrcr-rer of the County of the City of Dublin to enter an Account thereof, and each of the Grand Juries of the Court of King’s Bench shall, on that and the next presenting Term, present one Half of the Sum io claimed to be raised off the County of the City of Dublin, which Sum, when raised, shall be paid to the Person or Persons so proving that he, she, or they had expended such Money for such -, and whatever Sum may be recovered from the said late Treasurer, or any of his Sureties, shall by the Grand Jury be applied after paying the Public Creditors then-unpaid, by reason of the said Failure, to the Ulie ot some other necessary Work in the County of the said City for which Money is by the Grand Jury directed to be presented for by Law,

VI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That every Every Pre-Presentment made before the said Bankruptcy of the said late Treasurer, fentment be-and which shall not be in Execution, or executed before the passing of

this Act, shall by the Court of King’s Bench in Ireland be struck out of doptVYyment the Quere Book. and not in

Execution,

VII. And whereas it is necessary to commence Suits for the Recovery

of the Public Money in the Name or Names of the Treasurer or Col- <^,ere Book, le&ors of the said City, or in the Names of other Persons: Be it there- QrantJ. . fore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Suit or to pre|>nt Suits, Action or Actions shall have been commenced, or shall hereafter Colls, Sec. be commenced, prosecuted, or defended by the Order and Directions of any Grand Jury fur the County of the said City of Dublin, under the Powers in this or any Law or Statute in Force or Effect, it shall and may be lawful for the I'e veral Grand Juries of the said County of the said City, at Easter or Michaelmas Term, to present such Colls as shall be awarded against them, or any, or either of them, in whole Name or Names any such Suit or Suits, Action or Actions shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, and their and each of their respective Goods,

Chattels, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments shall not be liable thereto, but they and each of them shall for ever be freed, exonerated and dhcharged from the same, and that it shall not be lawful for them, or any of them, his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to discontinue, releale or bar any Action or Suit so commenced, or hereatter to be commenced in their or his Name or Names for the Purposes aforesaid, without the Concurrence, Order, and D.rection of the said Grand Juries.

VIII. And whereas the Sums now by Law presented for the Treasurer Grand furies of the Public Money, and Secretary to the Grand Juries, are very empowered inadequate to the Duties of the said Officers, Be it therefore enacted, to present by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the S,umst0 Grand Juries of the said City of Dublin at each Easter and Michaelmas and Secte Term to present any Sum of Monty not exceeding the Sum of One tary. * hundred and Fifiy Pounds for the Treasurer, and any Sum not exceeding

the Su.m of Seventy-bve Pounds for the Secretary, which Sums shall be in Lieu of the Sums heretofore presented under the Authority of the

[ler. Per.] 4 £ laid

338 49°GliORGII HI. Cap. 20.

said recited Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of Hii

prel'ent Majesty for the Treasurer and Secretary.

IX. And whereas it would tend to facilitate the Recovery from the Collectors and their Securities of the Public Money received by such Collectors, and unaccounted for by them, if the Recognizances which are encered inco by them and lodged in the Town Clerk’s Office of the said City, were returned into His Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, by a more summary Mode than that at present uled; Be it therefore Town Clerk enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That whenever it may be found to lodge Re- necessary to iue upon any such Recognizance, it shall and may be law. cognizances to an(j for the Town Clerk of the said City, and he is hereby re-i°n the p'otho- clu'recii upon Notice given to him for that Purpose by the Secretary rotor’s of- of the Term Grand Jury for the Time being, forthwith to lodge such Recognizance or Recognizances in the Officeof the Prothonotor in H is Majesty's Court of King’s Bench, who is hereby directed to receive and keep the fame amongst the Records of the said Court, and it shall noc be necessary to issue any Certiorari or other Writ for the Purpose of removing such Recognizances, and that immediately upon such Removal the said Secretary of the Grand Jury shall proceed to sue thereon, as if the fame had been duly retained by virtue of any Certiorari or other Writ whatsoever.

Churchwar- X. And whereas a great Difficulty has arisen in providing for the denstore-ap- Public Creditors, by reason of the respective Churchwardens refuSng olVrmer*" to re‘aPP^0C insolvent uncollected Arrears of former Warrants; Warrants, Be 'c therefore enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and and attend the may be lawful for the Several Churchwardens in the respective Parishes in the County of the said City of Dublin, and they are hereby required to re-applot such insolvent uncolledted Arrears of former Warrants, and also to attend the respective Term Grand Juries upon receiving Twenty-four Hours’ Notice in Writing, tc be delivered to him or them, or left at his or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, so to do, in order to be examined by such respective Grand Juries, touching the applotting of che Public Money, and that in Default of their not so re-applotting or attending the said respective Grand Juries when so required, upon Affidavit thereof it shall and may be lawful for the Court of King’s Bench, upon Application of the said respective Grand Juries, to fine every such Churchwarden so offending in any Sum noc exceeding Fifty Pounds, such Fine to be recovered by Warrant of Distress, Signed by any Judge of the said Court of King’s Bench, and by Sale of che Goods and Chattels of such Churchwarden or Churchwardens, and such F'ine, when recovered, shall go to, and be applied by the Governors of the Hospital and Free School of King Charles the Second, in Qxmantovtn Green, commonly called the Blue Coal Rojpital.

tou[i ijra

XI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the pay Monies several Collectors presented and appointed by the respective Grand ccllefled by Juries, to collect the Public Money of the County of the said City of them weekly Dublin, shall on Saturday in each and every Week between the 0 ,ei J,er- Hours of Ten in the Forenoon, and Two in the Afternoon, pay

to

Term Grand Juries upon Notice, &c.

339

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

to the Treasurer of the Public Money such Sum as each and every of them shall have collected during the said Week, taking a Receipt in Writing for the fame, which the Treasurer of the Public Money is hereby required to give to each such Collector, for such Sums as he shall so pay in; and that on or before the Monday next following, the Treasurer of the Public Money shall pay into the Bank of Ireland, to the Credit of the County of the said City of Dublin, all such Sums as he shall have received from the several Collectors during the preceding Week, (taking a Receipt in Writing for the fame, which the proper Officer of the said Bank is hereby required to give; and each and every such Collector shall on each Saturday make Oath before the Lord Mayor, or any Justice of the Peace of the said City of Dublin, (which Oath rhey are hereby authorised to administer), that the Monies so paid by him to the Treasurer of the Public Money, were the full Amount of the Monies received by him during that Week, and in case any Collector shall omit or refuse to comply herewith, and to pay in the Money as directed by this Act, then and in every such Case he or his Securities shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of f ifty Pounds to be recovered in a summary Way on Complaint to the Coure of King’s Bench, and levied by Warrant of Distress, and Sale of the Goods and Chattles of such Collector as aforesaid, and go to and be applied to the Use of the Blue-Coat Hospital, as herein before-mentioned, and every such Collector so offending shall also be removed from his said Office of Collector.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Treasurer on

said Treasurer of the Public Money shall on the first fitting Day of each ofcach^rm

Term, make Oath before one of the Judges of the Court of King’s tomal:eOaU»

Bench, that he did on or before the Monday pay into the Bank of the Sums

of Ireland the several Sums which he received each Week from the received by

said several Collectors as directed by this Act. the

J Collector.

XIII. And whereas it would tend much to the Regularity of the Public Form of Accounts if the Drafts on the Bank of Ireland should be made payable Draft altered, to Order, instead of being made payable to Bearer, in Manner directed and "iade by an Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Order.*'0 Majesty, inrituled, An Act for improving and rendering more commodious such Part of the County and County of the City of Dublin as is fituaie on the South Side of the River Anna Liffey, and West of His Majesty's Castle of Dublin, and for the Appointment of an Inspector of the Presentments and other Accounts of the County of the City of Dublin: Be it

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Form of the Drafts as directed by the said recued Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and also by the said recited Act made in the Forty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be altered, and instead thereof the Inspectorof Public Accounts shall, on the last Day of each Term, as directed by the said recited Act of the F'orty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, produce to the Grand Jury engraven Drafts in the P'orm following, payable to the Persons who (wore to the Expenditure of the Money,

34° 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

and whose Accounts were allowed, or to whom Money was presented to be paid, and which was allowed by the Court:

For. "To the Governors and Company of the Bank of Ireland:

" Pay to or Order, the Sum of

" which place to the Account of the County of the

" City of Dublin.

" ----- Foreman of Term, 180

" ----- Inspector of City Accounts.

" -----Treasurer P. M. County City of Dublin."

any Thing in the said recited Acts or eicher of them to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Grand Jury

XIV. And whereas the Sum which the Grand Jury of the County of may present the City of Dublin is now enabled to present for Medicine and Ne-forMcdkine ce^ar'es for the different Prisons in the said City, is found to be to-&c used'in' tally inadequate to provide for fame, Be it therefore enacted, by the the Prisona. Authority aforesaid, That the Grand Jury of the County of the City of Dublin shall and may present such Sum or Sums of Money foe Medicine and Necessaries as shall be ordered by the Physician and Surgeon attending such Prisons, and which the Apothecary to the said Prisons shall make appear by his Affidavit, in which Affidavit the said Apothecary shall swear that he had faithfully and honedly expended, and that such Medicines and Necessaries were of the bed Quality, and were the usual Charges at which Medicines and Necessaries of the fame Quality were charged within the said City, and that the fame were ordered by the Physician attending such Prison before they were supplied: Provided nevertheless that the Sums presented for such

Medicines and Necessaries shall not in any Year exceed the Sum of Five hundred Pounds.

Apothecaries’

XV. And for the better Protection of the Public against Imposition Account, if in the Charges made by the said Apothecary for such Medicines, necessary to ge it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the feve-t'h-Duedlorj6 ra* Grand furies for the County of the said City of Dublin may, of Apcthrca- when they think fit, or the Court of King’s Bench, if the same shall ap-ries’ Hall. pear to them proper, order such Account to be laid before the Governor and Directors of Apothecaries’ Hall, to be taxed by the said Governor and Directors, which they are hereby authorized and required to do; and that the said Grand Jury shall have Power to present for the Expence incurred by such Examination: And be it further enacted, by

Grand Jury the Authority aforesaid, That the said Apothecary shall bring forward at to make Com- each presenting Term two separate and dillinct Preferments, one for Apotbecar'y. Medicine and the other for Necessaries, dating the different Articles F ’ comprized under the latter Head; and it shall and maybe lawful for the said Grand Jury at each presenting Term afeer the Passing of this Act, to present the Sum of 1 en Pounds to be paid to the said Apothecary, as a Compensation for his Trouble in providing the said Necessaries for the said Pnfun, and advancing his own Money for that Purpose.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

XVI. And whereas the Coroners of the County of the said City o( Dublin are often obliged to hold Inquests in Gaols and Prisons, and on the Banks of the River, and the Fees thereon are found to be a heavy Tax on the Parishes where such Gaols and Prisons are, and where the said River runs, Be it therefore enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Palling of this Act it shall and may be lawful for the Grand Jury of the County of the said City at the Court of King’s Bench, to present such Sums of Money as they shall think necessary for all In* quests held in the said City,not exceeding the Sum ol Thirteen Shillings and Four-pence Sterling, for each, to be raised on the City at large, and pay the same to the Coroner or Coroners of the County of the said City of Dublin, for each and every Inquisition duly taken by such Coroner or Coroners upon View of the Body lying within the County of the said City, as a Recompence for his or their Labour, Pains, and Charges in taking such Inquisition; and all such Sum or Sums of Money so presented to and received by such Coroner or Coroners shall be taken and accepted by him and them in Lieu of all Fees or Sums of Money which he or they shall have been accustomed to receive or demand as aforesaid.

XVII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Collector, Deputy Collector, Constable, or other Person empowered to collect the Public Money under the said recited Act made in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act or either of them shall take any Distress upon the Premises of any Person refusing to pay his or her Proportion of the Public Cess, such Collector, Deputy Collector, Constable, or Person empowered to collect, taking such Distress, shall poll a Notice in Writing by him signed, on the usual Place of Notices being polled in the Parish where such Distress was taken, setting forth, that upon the Seventh Day following he will fell such Distress by public Cant at that Place; and it shall be lawful for such Person who took such Distress there to fell it to the bell Bidder, and after deducting the Amount of the Cess, and One Shilling and One Penny in the Pound for his Trouble in making such Distress, and One Shilling and One Penny per Night for the Charges of keeping such Distress, in case a Horse, or any other Bead shall be distrained, he shall return the Overplus (ifany) to the Person from whom such Distress was taken, and in case any Person or Persons shall, at any Time hereafter, bring or cause to be brought any Replevin or Replevins, or any other Action at Law, whereby to prevent or obstruct the levying of all or any Part of the Public Money under the said recited Act made in the Thirty-Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and of this Act or either of them, then, and in every such Case, the Collector or Collectors, or his or their Sureties, Constable or Constables, who shall distrain for the tame, shall be enabled to avow, acknowledge, justify, and defend such Taking, by pleading, avowing, or making Connufance generally, that he took the Goods and Chattels in the Plaintiff’s Declaration mentioned, by virtue of such Actor of this Act, as the Case may be, for the Cess for which such Distress shall be made due and payable, and in Arrear, out of the Premises whereon such Distress shall be made, which Cess was then and still remains due, without further setting forth any Proceedings had under such Act or this Act, or setting forth specially the Warrant or Authority of such

[Lee. & Ptr.] ' 4R Collector

341

Grind Juries to present Monies for Inquest.

Notice of Goods taken in Distress by Collector to be polled up.

342 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

[Treble Costs.]

Collector, or his Surety, or of such Constable or other Person so acting under such Act or this Act; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Replevin, or the Person or Pefons bringing or causing to be brought such Replevin shall be non-suited, or a Verdict shall be found, or Judgment on Demurrer shall pass against him, her, or them, that then and in that Cafe he, she, or they, shall pay

Colls of Ad.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Term Grand Jury, and they are hereby required, at the next Easter or Michaelmas Term after the passing of this Act, to present such Sum of Money as shall be necessary for defraying the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining this Act, and other Expences incident thereto, the same to be levied off the County of the said City of Dublin, in the usual Way, and if any Person or Persons shall have advanced or lent any Money in Discharge of such Costs, Charges, and Expences, the Money lo advanced shall be repaid and satisfied by the Treasurer of the Public Money, to him, her, or them, together with lawful Interest for the same.

[Public Act.]

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 21.

An Act for extending the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh \ for disannexing Part of the Parish of Saint Cuthberts from the said Parish, and uniting it to the Parish of Saint Andrew; for further regulating the Assessment for the Poor in the said Parishes; for erecting Two new Churches; for discontinuing certain Churches, and annexing the Parishes thereof to other Parishes; for further regulating the Revenues of the said City applicable to the Payment of Ministers Stipends; and for draining the Meadow on the South Side of the said City.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the Sevemh Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for extending the 7 G' 3‘ c Royalty of the City of Edinburgh over certain adjoining Lands, and for giving Powers to the Magistrates of Edinburgh, for the Benefit of the said City; and to enable His Majesty to grant Letters Patent for establish-inga Theatre in the City of Edinburgh, cr Suburbs thereof; the Royalty of the said City, and the JurisdiOion of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council thereof were extended over certain Lands and Grounds adjacent to the said City; and by another AO, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for opening ij G. 3.C.-.8 [Loc. £5? Per.~\ 4 S an

34 6

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

an easy and c. mmodious Communication from the High Street of Edinburgh to the Country Southward, and also from the Lawn Market to the new extended Royalty on the North, and for enabling Trujkcs to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas for that Purpose j for widening and tnlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading to tlx fame; for rebuilding or improving the University, for enlarging the Publick Markets and Communications thereto; for regulating certain Taxes, for lighting tlx J'aid City, for providing an additional Suyply of Water, for extending the Royalty of the said City, and for levying an additional Sum of Money for Statute Labour in the Middle Dislrid of the County of Edinburgh; and another Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, »6 G. 3. c.nj. An Act for widening several Streets in the City of Edinburgh, for opening a Communication from Queen’s Street to Broughton Loan, for enlarging the Burial Ground, and for extending the Royalty of the said City over Part of the Lands of Broughton; the Royalty of the said City and the Jurisdiction of the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council were further extended over other Lands and Grounds adjacent to the lame: And w.terens the said City having been greatly increased and improved'since the said last recited Act was passed, it has become expedient and necessary further to extend the Royalty of the said City, and the Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdictions of the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council thereof over certain other Lands and Grounds adjacent or contiguous to the said City; the Proprietors of which Lands and Grounds have either already consented, or are bound by their Title Deeds to consent thereto, or shall hereafter confenc to the fame in Manner herein-after mentioned: And whereas it will bS of Benefit to the Community of the said City, if certain Parts of the Parish of Saint Cuihberts or Weft Kirk, adjacent to the said City, were disjoined from such Parish, and annexed to the Parish of Saint Andrew, within the said City, and if certain further Regulations were made relative to the Assessment for the Poor within the said Parishes of Saint Cutbberts or West Kirk, and Saint Andrew: And whereas it would be of great Convenience to the Community of the said City and Places adjacent if Powers were given to the said Lord Prcvolf, Magistrates, and Council to ered two new Churches in convenient Situations within the extended Royalty or adjacent thereto, and if one or more of the present Churches within the antient Royalty were discontinued, and the Parishes thereof annexed to other Parishes within the said City, and if further Regulations were made and Powers given to the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, in regard to the railing and applying the Funds and Revenues at present levied in the said City applicable to the Payment of Ministers Stipends: And whereas by the said recited Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Power was given to the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, to drain the Meadow on the South Side of the said City; and by another Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the ,71;. 3 c. si. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a Road from Saint Bernard’s Street, tn the Town of Leith, to the Foot c/'Leith Walk, in the County of Edinburgh, and for widening and etdarging certain Streets in the City of Edinburgh, and the Avenues leading to the fame, and for amending Two several Acts passed relative to the said City, in the Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, other Powers were granted for that Purpose; but further Powers and Authorities are necessary before the draining of the said Meadow can be completely carried into effect: But as these several Purposes cannot be efteded without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, May it therefore please Your Majesty

that

347’

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 20.

that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act the Royalty of the City of Edinburgh shall be extended over, and comprehend the Lands particularly after described, lying within the Parish of Saint Cuthberts or West Kirk, adjacent to the Laid City, and within the Boundaries following; videlicet, the Lands belonging to the Community of the City of Edinburgh, and to the Governors of George Her riot’s, Hospital, and to their respective Feuars and Vassals who are or may be bound by their Feu Charters, or other Title Deeds, to consent to the Extension of the Royalty of the said City over their respective Properties, the Lands originally feued by the Governors of the Paid Hospital to David Stewart Esquire. and other Lands bounded on the Fall by the High Road leading from the Fall End of York Place, till it joins the Water of Leith at Canonmills Bridge-, on the North by the Water of Leith from Canonmills Bridge to Stock Bridge; on the Welt by the Old Kirk Road, leading fr-ofn Stock Bridge along the Ealt Side of the Property of the Earl of Moray to Queen Street, in the present extended Royalty; and on the South by the present extended Royalty from the Point where the aforesaid Old Kirk Road joins Queen Street Eallward, to the Point first above mentioned, at the Fall End of York Place; and that the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, and their Successors in Office, shall, with the Exceptions, and under the Conditions hereinafter mentioned, have and enjoy the same Rights, Privileges, and Jurisdictions, over the said Grounds by this Act annexed to and comprehended in the said Royalty, as they at present have and enjoy over and within the Limits of the extended Royalty, by any Law, Statute, or established Custom.

II. And be it enacted, That from thenceforth the said Lord Provost Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, and their Successors in Office, shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to Rent or assess and levy from the Proprietors and Occupiers of all such Houses, as are at present built and erected, or shall be hereafter built and erected, upon the aforesaid Grounds hereby annexed to and comprehended in the said Royalty, an equal Proportion of the Cess, Annuity, Poors Money, and other Duties, with those Rented or assess'ed and levied, or that may be Rented or assessed and levied, by the said Lord ProvoR, Magistrates, and Council, from the Proprietors and Occupiers of Houses in the extended Royalty, in the fame Way and Manner, and with such and the fame Remedies at Law, in case of Non-payment, as are practised or competent by any Law, Statute, or CuRom, within the said extended Royalty.

III. And whereas certain Pieces of Ground within the Boundaries before-

mentioned, over which the Royalty of the said City of Edinburgh is by this Act extended, belong to Proprietors other than the Community of the said City, and the Governors of George Herriot’i Hospital, and their respective Feuars and ValTals so bound to consent as aforesaid, or those now in Right of David Stewart Esquire; be it enacted, That such Pieces of Ground shall not be comprehended within the Royalty of the said City; nor shall the fame, nor the Proprietors or Occupiers of any Houses erected and built, or that may be erected and built thereon, be subject and liable to any Rights, Privileges, or Jurisdictions of the said Lord ProvoR, Ma-> i giR rates,

Royalty of the Ci v to be e :t:nded over certain G o.inds in bt. Cnthbeiii Raiifh.

Ma^iOr.tes to (lent or

site's the In. rnbitai.ts of tItr extended Royalty

Art O>tio:i 5'ant'd to the Rropnc ors vi certain pieces of Ground.

34$

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

giftrales, and Council, or their Successors in Office, nor to their Powers of iteming or afltffing and levying, by this present Act, in Manner before-mentioned, extended over the Grounds within the Boundaries aforesaid, and the Proprietors and Occupiers of Houses within the same, unless the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Pieces of Ground before-mentioned shall signify his, her, or their Consent thereto, by any Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands, duly executed according to the Forms of the Law of Scotland, such Consent or Consents to be recorded by the Person or Persons making the same in the particular Register of Salines kept at Edinburgh, for the Shires of Edinburgh, Linlithgow, Haddington, and Bathgate.

IV. And be it enacted and declared, That the Extension of the Royalty over the Grounds within the Boundaries before-mentioned is hereby made and granted, with and under all and every the Clauses, Provisoes, Declarations, Exemptions, and Rel'ervations in favour of His Majesty and others, specified and contained in the befare-recited Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

V. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all the Grounds within the Boundaries and Limits before-mentioned, as well

to°bi di«joined those which are hereby comprehended in or annexed to the Royalty of the from St.Cut).- fajj City, as those which may be comprehended therein or annexed annexed'to thereto, in virtue of the Option herein-before allowed, shall be for ever

the Parish of disjoined from the said Parish of Saint Cuthberts or Weft Kirk, adjacent st.Andrew: tQ t^e £jty of Edinburgh, and shall be annexed to the Parish of Saint

Andrew, within the said City.

Cxtension of the Royally to be subject to the Provisoes, Stc. of 7 G. 3.

Grounds

within the

Bui to remain ibbjeft to Minister’s Stipend, 61c. in 6t. Cut liter!'* Paiifli.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the whole of the Grounds so disjoined from the said Parish of Saint Cuthberts or Weft Kirk, and the Heritors thereof, shall remain liable to and subject in Payment of the Mi-nifter’s Stipend, and other Parochial Burdens payable in the said Parish of Saint Cuthberts or Weft Kirk, (excepting the Burden of building and repairing Kirks, Manses, and Kirkyard Dykes, and also excepting the Affeffmem for the Poor of the said Paiiffi, as herein-after mentioned) in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made; and that the Teinds payable out of the Grounds hereby disjoined and annexed as aforesaid, shall be and the same are hereby saved and rrferved to the true Owners thereof.

Wcwfxtendfd

VII. And be it enacted, That the aforesaid Grounds hereby disjoined Royalty 10 be from the said Parish of Saint Cuthberts or Weft Kirk, with the Houses Affc'ifment fer already built and.erected, or that may be built and erected thrreon, in so ihfivor. far as the same are, or in consequer.ee of the aforesaid Option mav be, comprehended in and annexed to the Royalty of the said City, shall, from and after the Term of Whitsunday, or the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eight, be, and they are hereby for ever freed and relieved of and from all and every Afieffmen: imposed or that may be imposed for the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Cuthberts or Weft Kirk, and every Part thereof, as to such Part thereof as may be annexed to and comprehended in the extended Royalty, from and after the passing of this Act; and as to the Remainder thereof, from and after the Date of the recording, in the Register of Safines before-mentioned, the Declaration of such Consent or Consents as aforesaid, by the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof: Provided always, that the Grounds and Houses that shall not be comprehended in and annexed to the Royalty * of

349

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

of the said City, in virtue of the Option granted to the Proprietors thereof, as before-mentioned, and the Grounds and Houses as to which such Option shall be exercised, til the fame be exercised and recorded in Manner before-mentioned, shall continue liable to the Assessment for the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Cutbierts or West Kirk, in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made.

VIII. And be it enacted, That in lieu and place of the aforesaid AflTt.(T* Annual Sum* ment for the Poor of the said Parish ol Saint Cutbierts or Weft Kirk, |oiP("u<-n111 from which the Grounds and Houses before mentioned are hereby or Assessment. may be relieved by the Exercise of the Opdon herein-before mentioned,

the Lord Provoit. Magistrates, and Council of the said City, and their Successors in Office, shall be and they are hereby bound and obi ged to make Payment to the Treasurer or C lleftor of the Afletlmenc for the Poor appointed, or that may be appointed by the Heritors and Kirk Session of the aforesaid Parish of Saint Cuthberti or Weft Kirk for the Time being, for Behoof of the Poor of the said Parish, of the Sums of Money following; videlicet, the Sum of One hundred and fifty Pounds Sterling per Annum during Five Years, to be computed from and after the said Term of Whit fun Jay, or the Fifteenth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and eight, and the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling per An‘:um in all Time thereafter; the fad Sums to be payable by two equal Moieties in each Year, at the Terms of Candlemas and Martinmas, and the Fitft Payment to commence at the Term of Martinmas One thousand eight hundred and eight: Provided always, that if the Assessment for the Poor of the Parish of Saint Cutbierts or IViji Kirk shall in any one Year exceed the Rate of l ive Pounds per Centum upon the real Rent of the Parish, in that Cafe the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, and their Successors in Office, shall be and they are hereby bound and obliged to make Payment to the said Treasurer or Co.le&or, as often as this may happen, of such Excels above such Kate of Five Pounds per Centum as may corre-tpond to a Rent of Four thousand Pounds Sterling per Annum.

IX. And be it further enacted and declared, That the Grounds formerly Former ex-

disjoined front the said Parish of Saint Cu bberts or Weft Kirk, and compre- freed

hctided in and annexed to the extended Royalty of the said City of Edin- from the lurgh, fit vir ue of the said recited Acts or any of them, together with the Houses bn It and erected, or that may be built and erected thereon, 1-1:1 e JOt' and the Proprietors and Occupiers thereof, shall be in like Manner, and they are hereby freed and relieved from the Payment of all Afieffmems iinj ofed or that ntay be imposed for the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Cutbierts or Weft Kirk, \ and every Part thereof, with all and every Claim and Demand on that Account for all Time past or Time to come.

X. And be it enacted, That in lieu and place of the last-mentioned Annual smn» AfictTments for the Poor of the said Parish, the Lord Provoli, Magifbates, (,t tvul 'n and Council of the said City, and their Successors in Office, shall be and lftu lllef<:" they are hereby bound and obliged to make Payment to the said Treasurer

or Collector of the Aflcdintnt for the Poor, appointed or that may be appointed by the Heritors or Kirk Setfion of the aforesaid Parish of Saint Cutbberls or Vs eft Kirk for the Time being, for the Behoof of the Poor of the said Parish, of the Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum from and after the Term of Whitsunday, or the Fifteenth E>ay of May One thousand eight hundred and eight, to be payable by Two equal Moieties in each Year, at the Terms of Candlemas and Martinmas, the [Lee. & Per.'] a T Eirft

35°

The MagiC-tr'te ot

F.di.iburgh to be irul:nnifi:d out of the Poe r Money to t-e levied determined by »hen* in the extended Ku) alty*

The Mngif-Ir-tes ta have r.o Claim cn the Inl.abi-Unt$ at St. Uuihberts tLr Relief of the Poor, within the City* fcc.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. ii.

First Payment to commence at the Term of Martinmas One thousand eight hundred and eight: Provided always, that it the AlLfftneiit for the Poor of the Paid Parish of Saint Cuthberts or Weft Kirk shall in any O.ie V ear exceed the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum upon the real Rent of the Parish, in Manner before-mentioned, in that Cafe the said Lord Provost, Magistrates and Council, and their Successors in Office, Avail be and they are hereby bound and obliged to make Payment to the said Treasurer or Collector ?* often as this may happen, of such Excess above (itch Pate of hive Pounds per Centum as may correspond to a Rent of 1 \Vo thousand Pounds Sterling per Annum.

XI. And be it enacted, That the Lord Provoli, Magifi rates. and Council of the said City of Edinburgh, and their Successors in Office, shall be fully indemnified and relieved of and from all such Sum or Sums of Money, as shall be or may have been paid by them in Manner before mentioned, to the said Treasurer or Collector of the Assessment for the Poor appointed, or that may be appointed by the Heritors and Kirk Session of the said Parish of Saint Cuthberts or Weft Kirk, for Behoof of the Poor of the said Parish, on Account of the Ground^ by this present Act disjoined from the said Paiifli of Saint Cuthberts or Weft Kirk, and the Houses built and erected, or that may be built and erected thereon, and shall be entitled to Repayment of, and (Vail be repaid, all and ev< ry such Sum and Sums of Money so paid by them in Terms of this Act, or of any Agreement made or to be made between the said Lord Provoli, Magistrates, and Council, and their Successors in Office, and the Heritors and Kirk Stllion of the said Parish, out of the first and readmit of the Sums to be assessed and levied in Name of Podrs Money, upon'the Proprietors and Occupiers of Houses built and erected, or that may be built and erected upon the Grounds hereby disjoined as aforesaid, from the said Parish of Saint Cuthberts or Weft Kirk; and that the said Lord Provoli, Mngiftratts, and Council, and their Successors in Circe, are and shall be fully indemnified and relieved, and entitled to Repayment of, and shall be repaid the aforesaid Sum of One hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum, and Excess above Five Pounds per Centum, (if any be), correspondirg to a Rent of Two thousand Pounds Sterling per Annum, on Account of the Grounds ■which by the said recited Acts of the Seventh. Twenty-fifth, and Twenty sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were disjoined ft on) the said Parish of Saint Cuthberts or Weft Kit k, and the Houses built and erected, or that may be builr and erected thereon, out of the first and readied of the Sums to be assessed and levied in Name of Poors Money upon ihr Proprietors and Oceuj itrs of the said halt mentioned Houses, •together with the legal Intertit of the whole reibeftive Sums aforesaid, irons the respective Times of paying the fame until Repayment thereof; and the Collector or Collectors of, and Intromitter or Intromitters with, the aipresaid Sums to be sfLfftd and levied in Name of Poors Money within the lard Royalty, whether extended by the Lid recited Acts, or by this Act, shall be, and they are hereby appointed and required to make Payment thereof accordingly.

XII. Provided always, and be it hereby frecially ennfted and declared, That notwithstanding the aforesaid Payments to be made for behoof rf the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Cuthberts or /' eft Kirk, neither the Community of the said City of Edinburgh, nor the Managers of the Charity Workhouse of Edinburgh, shall have any Claim lor Relief from the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Cuthberts or Weft Kirk; on

account

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. li. 251

account of maintaining the whole Poor within the said City, and within the Boundaries of the Crounds by the said ree led Acts, or this Act, disjoined from the said Parish of Saint Cuthlcrti or ft eji Kirk.

XIII. And whereas it isneceffry that two additional Churches should be ^?*frntoJ>0'^ built within the Limits over which the Royalty of the said City of Edin* C1'urcnhes. burgh was extended by the said itcited Acts of the Seventh, I wenty-fifth*

and Twenty-sixth Yeats of the Reign of His p efent Majesty, or is extended by this Act; be it enacted, That the Lord Provost, Magi It rates, and Council of the said City, and their Successors iu Office,shall be and they a;e hereby authorized and required, forthwith to enter into Contracts for building and completing, within a competent Time, one Church, for the additional Accommodation of the Inhabi ants vvi hin ths Limits over which the Royalty of the said City was extended by the said before recited Acts; and that, as soon as^ there shall be Five thousan ! Inhabitant*

Within the Limits over which the Royalty of the said City is extended by this present Act, the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, and their Successors in Office, Hull be and they are hereby authorized and required to build another Church for the Accommodation of those Inhabitants.

XIV. And whereas certain of the Churches and Parishes in the antient power to rfif-

Royalcy may, without Inconvenience to the Community, be difeen- 1

tinued; be it therefore enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for churches in the Lo d Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the said City, and their the ancient Successors in Office, by and with the Consent of the Prefbylery of Koylly" Edinburgh, to discontinue one or two of the Churches, within the said

antient Royalty, and to annex the Parish or Parishes thereof to one or more of the adjoining Panffies of the said City, and to remove and transfer the Minister or Ministers of the Church or Churches that may be so discontinued, to one or both of the Churches which are hereby required to be bui t within the Limits of the extended Royalty, in Manner before-mentioned.

XV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to the Lord Power to Provost, Magifttates, and Council of the said City, and their Successors jJJemUd' in Office, by and with the Advice and Consent of the said Preibytery of Royalty mt* Edinburgh, to divide the extended Royalty of the said City, whether extended by the said rcci'ed Acts or by this Act, into suitable Parishes, corresponding to Saint Andrew's Church already built therein, and to the Church or Churches by this Act authorized and required to be builr, and to fix and define the Limits of I'uclt Parishes in the Way and Manner that Hiall appear mofl expedient for the Accommodation of the Inhabitants.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the Lord Provost, Ma- 0"^ 'he gistrates, and Council of the said City of Edinburgh, and their Successors

in Office, and the said Presbytery of Edinburgh, shall not concur in dif- by the Maju. continuing more than one of the Churches within the antient Royalty, V*n'L'vep.e~

the said Lord Provoit, Magistrates, and Council, and their Successors in Office, shall be and they are hereby authorized and required to endow one of the Churches which by this Act they are authorized and required to build, by providing and securing to the Minister or Ministers thereof the fame yearly Stipend or Stipends, and other Emoluments, which at present are or may hereafter be paid to the other Ministers of the said Gitjf 0/ Edinburgh.

XVII. And,

352

For rcgtt’at'n-y th- Fund for Xf niters S.ijcnds.

p:,iron*ge cf flic Nc-v

Churches restrvetl to the M agitates.

power to apj>iy a further Sum to drain the Meadow.

Privileges of tMt* College of Justice saved.

[Public Act.]

49° GEORGII III. Cap. n.

XVII. And, to prevent nil Doubt respecting the Legality of levying and applying to this and fmilar Purposes the Annuity of Six Pounds per Centum on the Rents of Houfrs, Shops, Booth', Cellars, and Pren iffs, which the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council have been in use to levy within the City, along with the other Funds or Revenues which are applicable, tithe, in Whole or in Part, to the Payment of Ministers’ Stipends; be it enactrd and declared, That the said Lord P'ovoft, Ma-giltrates, and Council, and their Successors in Office, shall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered, not only to levy, as they have hitherto been in use to levy, the said Annuity of Six prr Gentian upon the Yearly Rents of all inhabited Houses, Shops, Booths, Cellars, and Pie-miles within the said City and Royalty thereof, whether extended by the said recited /\fts, or by this Act, and to apply the same as they have been hitherto in use to apply it, along with the aforesaid other Funds or Revenues, as far as those other Funds or Revenues are so applicable, for the Payment of the Stipends of all the M'nifters tf the prefenc Churches of the said City and Royalty; but also to apply an equal Proportion of the said Annuity in common with the aforesaid other FunG* or Revenues, in so far asthefe other Funds or Revenues are so applicable, for the Payment of the Stipend or Stipends of such Miniller or Ministers as may be appointed to the Churches which are required to be built under the Authority of this Act, in Manner before mentioned.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Right of Patronage of the Churches hereby required to be built, shall belong to, and br vested in the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the said City of Edinburgh, and their Successors in Office, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Right of Patronage of the Churches within the antient Royalty of the said City belongs to and is verted in them.

XIX. And whereas the Sum of One thousatvd five hundred Pounds, by the said recited Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His pre-f-nt Majesty authorized to be applied by the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, and their Successors in Office, to the Purpose of draining the Meadow on the South Side of the said City, has been found to be inadequate for that Purpose, be it therefore enact d. That the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, and their Successors in Office, shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to apply any Sum or Sums of Money to be received by them from the Trustees appointed by the said recited Act of the Twenty-firth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to the Extent of Three thousand five hundred Pounds Sterling, for the Purpose of draining the said Meadow; and the Residue thereof, (if any be), to be applied to the Purposes directed by t e said recited Act of the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained shall affect the Rights and Privileges of the College of Ju ‘.ice.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such, bf all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George F.yre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 22.

An Act for explaining and amending an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of His present Majesty, for the better Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the Parish of Sunderland near the Sea, in the County Palatine of Durham; and for increasing the Rates therein directed to be imposed.

[28th y^r/Y 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed la the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Maintenance and Support of the Poor of the Parish of Sunderland near, the Sea, in the County Palatine of Durham: And whereas the Commissioners appointed in and by virtue of the said recited Act have made great Progrcl's in the Execution thereof, and have since the passing of the said Act imposed the several Rates and Duties therein mentioned, and applied the fame for the Purposes therein directed: But the said Rates and Duties have been found inadequate for the Purposes of the said recited Act, and it is therefore expedient that the said Rates and Duties should be increased, and that the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act should in other respects be altered, amended and enlarged; may it therefore please your Majesty, That it may be enacted $ And be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Edouard A if hell, William Dlaikijion, John Bell, Thomas Burn, John Bur-[Loc. (J Per.'] 4 U rellt

Commis-

lionsrs.

354

Power to elect new Commission-rri.

Ratification «f Commis-ioncri.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

rell, John Bonner, John Booth, William Bell, James Burnett, Williant Brnfs, John Brass, Thomas Blackett, Benjamin Bray, William Beckwith, Christopher John Cav, Robert Crept on, Thomas Cockerill, William CockeriH, William Cro-ulace,' John Chrifp, Solomon Chapman, 'Thomas Caffap, John Davison, John Davison of the Panfield, Robert Davison, Matthew Davison, Hugh Dixon, William Dobson, James Dobson, John Dodds, John Ejjlob, John Edmons, George Fenwick, AJdifon Fenwick, John Good-child, John Godchild tke younger, William Geldart, Michael Hick, Thomas Horn, William Horn, Nathan Horn, Thomas Horn the younger, William Haddock, Thomas Hunter, John Hunter of Sunderland, John Hunter of Monk Wsarmouth, William Hayton, Edward Hinde, Thomas HudJon of Bishop Wearmouth, Thomas Harrison, Benjamin Howard, Robert Hutton, William Hemjley, Avery Hornjby, Thomas Hardy, John Harrison, William Kirk, John Lotherington, James Lee, John Laing, Philip Laing, Michael Laws, William Lincoln, William Marfaw, Richard Markham, William Majlerman, James Myers, Thomas Mordey, Richard Metcalfe, William MidJJetin, John Martin, Thomas Nicholson, Jaclfon Nattrafs, William Natirajt, Robert Ord, Robert Riehardson, Thomas Rtbfon, Matthew Robson, Robert Rcay, Robert Reay of Hylton, John Raw, William Rudd, George Rajfeld, Thomas Reed of Bishop Wearmouth, Thomas Reed of Sunderland, Thomas Rudd, Michael Rowe, William Robson, William Reynolds, Bracey Robson, Thomas Sanderson, Andrew Simpson of Bishop Wearmouth, Bryan Scurfield, John Smith, William Spence, John Spence, Joseph Spence, John Stafford, Matthew Shout, William Surtees, Andrew Simpson of Sunderland, Robert Thompson, Henry Tanner, Thomas Taylor, Cuthbert Vaux, John Vaitx, John White, Robert Whinnem, Thomas Waket William Wake, George Wylam, William Weelctnds, George Wood, Thomat Young, John Young, and Andrew Young the younger, and their Successors, to be defied in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for executing the Powers, Provisions and Directions of the said recited Act and this Act.

H. And be it further enacted, That when any of the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by virtue or in pursuance of this Act shall die, or refuse or become incapable to act, it shall be lawful for the lurviv-ing or remaining Commissioners, or any Seven of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to elect and appoint such other Person to be a Commissioner in the Place or Stead of such Commissioner so dying, fefufing or becoming incapable as aforesaid, as they shall think fit; and every Commissioner so from Time to Time elected and appointed, shall have the fame Power and Authority in all 'things touching the Exc* ention of this and the said recited Act, as if he had been named a Commissioner in this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be bond fide the Owner of a Ship or Ships, or of some Part or Parts of a Ship or Ships registered at the Port of Sunderland aforesaid, and of the Value of One thousand Pounds at the lead, clear of all Deductions; and if any Person shall fit and aft as such Commissioner (except in administering the Oath or Aflirmaaion herein-after mentioned) not being such Owner as aforesaid, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall inform

355

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

inform or sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and upon Suit or Prosecution, the Proof of such Qualification shall lie upon and be made out by such Person so to be sued or prosecuted.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (except in administering the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned) until he shall have taken and subscribed an Oath or Affirmation before any Seven or more of the said Commissioners at a Meeting to be holden by virtue of this Act, who are hereby required and authorized to administer to each other the fame Oath or Affirmation, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ T A. 3. do swear, '[or, being one of the Persons called Quakers, do Commission.

* solemnly affirm], That I am trulyand bond fide the Owner of a Ship or ci3°ath*

4 Ships, or of some Part or Parts of a Ship or Ships registered at the Port

‘ of Sunderland near the Sea, in the County Palatine of Durham, and that such my said Interest therein is of the Value of One Thousand Pounds 4 at the lead, clear of all Dedudiofis, and that I will truly and impartially

* according to the bed of my Skill and Judgement execute and perform

* all and every the Powers and Authorities reposed in me, by virtue of an

‘ Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act, [here set forth the Title of 4 this A hi.] 1 So help me GOD.*

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Acts and Proceedings made had or done by any Person touching the Execution of this Act, previous to his being convicted of acting without being qualified as aforesaid, shall, notwithstanding such Convidon, and whether he shall or shall not have taken the Oath or Affirmation hereby required as aforesaid, be as valid and effectual as if such Person had been duly qualified according to the Directions of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall meet at the George Inn, in Sunderland, on the First Day of August next, on which Day this Act shall commence and take effect, and proceed to the Execution of this Act, and shall then and from Time to Time afterwards adjourn themselves to meet at the same Place, or at such other Place or Places in the said Town of Sunderland, or in the Town of Bishop Wear-mouth, in the said County of Durham, as they shall think proper, for the Purposes of this Act; and if there shall not appear at any Meeting a sufficient Number of Commissioners to ad or to adjourn to another Day (Three Commissioners being deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only), or in case the Commissioners at any Meeting assembled shall not adjourn themselves, the Clerk to the said Commissioners shall adjourn the Meeting to such Time as he shall think fit, not exceeding Twenty one Days from the Time of the last Default, and shall give Notice thereof by adver. tifing the fame in some or one of the Nswcafile Papers, or any other Newspaper printed or circulated in the said County of Durham; and in case no Adjournment shall be made, or Notice or Appointment for meeting shall be given by the Clerk, then it shall be lawful for any Three or more of

7 thtf

Acts of Commissioner* previous to

C onviction,

valid.

First and other Meeting of Com* miifionerfi.

356 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

the said Commissioners, when Occasion shall require, to cause Notice of a Meeting to be given in manner aforesaid, appointing the Commissioners to meet at such Time as the said Three or more Commissioners shall think proper, not exceeding Ten Days, nor less than Seven Days from the Time of advertising such Notice.

R»tei.

VII. And whereas the Rates and Duties granted by the said recited Act have been found insufficient j be it therefore further enacted, That the fame shall, from and after the First Day of August next after the passing of this Act, cease and determine, and that instead thereof the Rates and Duties following shall and may be demanded and taken, (that is to say):

For every Ship or decked Vessel belonging to any Person residing or carrying on any Trade or Business in any of the Parishes of Sunderland, Bishop Wearmouth and Monk Wearmouth, (except such Ships or decked Vessels as shall be employed in the East India Trade for and during such Period only as the same shall be so employed, and also except Ships or decked Vessels belonging either in the whole or in part to Persons residing or carrying on any Trade or Business in any of the aforesaid Parishes, and also carrying on any Trade or Business either separately or in Partnership in any other Port in Great Britain at which such Ships shall be registered, provided such Ships are attached to or employed for the benefit of the Trade or Business so carried on in such other Port as aforesaid, and for so long Time only as the same shall be so attached or employed), whether such Ships or decked Vessels shall be registered at the Port of Sunderland or at any other Port (except as hereinbefore is mentioned), a Rate or Duty of one Halfpenny per ton of the Registered Burthen of such Ship or decked Vessel per Calendar Month, and a like proportionable Monthly Rate or Duty for all and every Parts or Part belonging to any Person residing in any of the fame Parishes, of any such Ship or decked Vessel as is hereby made liable to the Rates and Duties aforesaid; provided always, that in case any such Ship or decked Vessel, the whole or any Parts or Part whereof shall be liable to the Rates and Duties imposed by this Act, shall be Copper-bottomed, or shall be employed exclusively in the Carriage of Lime or Lime Stones, then and in every such Case the Burthen of such Ship or Vessel shall, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Rates and Duties hereby imposed, be accounted and reckoned at One-half only of the actual Registered Tonnage thereof.

b^commis

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or any

kuners?"1" Seven of them shall and they are hereby required to make an Assessment once in every Three Calendar Months upon all and every the Ships and Shares of Ships liable to the aforesaid Rates and Duties, and sign the fame, and deliver such Assessment to the Collector or Collectors appointed by them for collecting and receiving the fame Rates and Duties, and who are hereby authorized and required to collect and receive the same once in every Three Months and not oftener, and to pay the same to the Treasurer or other Person or Persons authorized or appointed by the said Commissioners in that behalf: Provided always, that the first Affcff.nent under this Act shall be made on the first Day of August next, and shall be for the Three Calendar Months then next ensuing: and that every future Assessment shall be made in like manner, and so that the Rates and Duties thereby assessed may be collected Three Months in advance.

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 22. 357

IX. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Jjg said Commissioners or any Seven of them, in and by any such Assessment sioners to re-so to be made by them as aforesaid, to lessen and reduce the Rates and duce^the Duties imposed by this Act at their Discretion, when and as often as it

shall appear to them to be unnecessary to collect the full Amount of such Rates and Duties for the Service of the Three Calendar Months then next ensuing.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be po*er to in-lawful for the said Commissioners or any Seven of them, at a public Meeting (Norice whereof, specifying the particular Cause of such Meeting, necessary-shall be given in some or one of the Newcastle Newspapers, or in some other Newspaper published in the County of Durham,') to increase the said several Rates and Duties imposed by this Act, when and as often as Occasion shall require the same to be increased above the Rate in this Act specified; but so as that such increased Rates and Duties shall not in the whole exceed double the amount of the Rates and Duties hereby imposed.

XI. And to the Intent that the said Rates or Duties hereby directed to 5hip^rott° be respectively paid as aforesaid, maybe duly answered and paid accord- &c. tin Duties ingly; be it enacted, '1 hat the C.olleftor of His Majesty's Customs, paid. Comptroller, Surveyors or Searchers, Waiters or other Officers of the

Customs at or belonging to the said Port of Sunderland, or their respective Deputies or Clerks, shall not after the said First Day of Augt/Jl take or receive any Clearance or Report inwards or outwards respectively for any Ship or Vessel liable or subject to any of the said Rates or Duties respectively, until the said Rates or Duties shall be paid pursuant to the Directions of this Act to the said Commissioners, or the Person or Persons to be appointed by them to receive the same, and until the respective Master or Owner of any Ship or Vessel subject to the Payment thereof shall shew to such respective Officer a Receipt for the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That in case Three full Calendar Recovtry of Months Amount of any of the said respective Rates or Duties imposed y"tC;"sof by or under the Authority of this Act, shall at any Time or Times be unsatisfied and in arrear, for or on Account of any Ship or Vessel or Part

of any Ship or Vessel belonging either in the whole or in part only to any

Owner or Owners resident or carrying on any Trade or Business within any of the said Parishes of Sunderland, Bishop Wearmouth and Monk Wear- mouth, then and as often as the case shall so happen, in shall be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Seven of them, or the Person or Persons to be appointed by them to receive the said Rates or Duties respectively, to demand Payment of all such Rates or Duties so unsatisfied and in arrear as aforesaid, of and from any such Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel or Part of any Ship or Vessel resident or carrying on any Trade or Business in any of the several Parishes aforesaid (although such Ship or Vessel shall not have arrived or been at the said Port of Sunderland., after having become chargeable with or liable to the said Rates or Duties), and to levy the said Rates or Duties so in arrear and unsatisfied, upon any such Owner or Owners as aforesaid, who (after Demand made thereof) shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, by Diitrefs of his, her and their Goods and Chafe* tels, and to detain and keep the fame until such Rates or Duties with \l.oc. id Ar.jj 4 X the

35*

Application of uutics.

Definit:on of bailor i oor.

Churchwardens and Overseers to give Receipts.

Churchwardens and Overseers to Veep proper Books of Account.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 22.

the reasonable Charges of such Distress shall be paid and satisfkd; and in case of any Neglect, Refusal or Delay in Payment of the said Rates or Duties for the Space of Five Days after such Distress taken, then it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons so distraining to cause the said Goods and Chattels so distrained to be appraised by Two or more Sworn Ap-praiters, and afterwards to sell the same Goods and Chattels, or a competent Part thereof, returning the Overplus of the Monies arising by such Sale (if any) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof, after deducing the Sums or Duties so unsatisfied and in arrear, together with the reasonable Charges of distraining, keeping and Sale of the said Goods and Chattels so distrained and fold.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all Monies collected under the Authority of this A cl, and paid over to the said Treasurer or other Person appointed by the said Commissioners to receive the same, shall bedeposited for lafe Custody in some Bank within the said Parishes of Sunderland and Bishop Wearmouth or one of them, to be appointed by the said Commissioners or any Seven of them for that Purpose; and that the said Commissioners shall pay or cause to be paid out of the fame Monies into the Hands of the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of Sunderland for the Time being, in the First Week of every Month, such Sum of Money as shall appear from the Lift of the Poor then actually receiving Relief from the said Parish, to be equal to One-half of the Monthly Expence attending the Relief of the Sailor Poor of the said Parish of Sunderland, that is to say, such Poor as shall be entitled to legal Settlements in the same Parish of Sunderland, by reason of any Service or Apprenticeship performed or served by them or their Parents or Husbands respectively on board of any Ship or Vessel belonging to the said Port of Sunderland, or by reason or under and by virtue of the special Provisions of the said recited Act or this Act, touching the Settlements of Persons who would or could have gained or become entitled to Settlements in the several Townships of Bishop Wearmouth, Bishop Wearmouth Pans, Monk Wearmouth, and Monk Wear-mouth Shore rel’peftively, in case the said recited Act had not passed.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the said Parish of Sunderland shall give proper Receipts in Writing for the Monies so received by them to the Person or Persons paying the fame, and shall apply and dispose of all Monies or such Part thereof as shall from Time to Time be necessary in the Payment of One-half of the Expence attending or incurred on account of the Relief of such Sailor Poor as aforesaid, and which Receipts shall be a full Discharge to the Person or Persons paying such Monies; and such Person or Persons shall not be in any way accountable for any Misapplication or Non application thereof or any Part thereof.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said Churchwardens and Overseers shall keep a fair and true Account of all Monies paid to them by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, and of the Application of the said Monies respectively, in a Book or Books distinct and apart for that Purpose, to which the said Commissioners or their Treasurer or Clerk may have free Access at all seasonable Times without Fee or Reward; and if any such Churchwarden or Overseer shall refuse to permit the said Commissioners or their Treasurer or Clerk to peruse or inspect the said Book

at

359

4.9* GEORGII IH. Cap. 22.

or Books, or to take any Copy thereof or Extract therefrom at such sea* sonable Time or Times as aforesaid, he or they shall for every such Re* fufal forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Pounds to be recovered before any one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Durham, in like manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by the said recited Act are thereby directed to be recovered.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That a yearly Account of all Monies Accounts to received by the said Churchwardens and Overseers by virtue of this Act,

to Commis-

and of the Application of all such Monies respectively, shall be dated in Goners ince Writing by the said Churchwardens and Overseers, and delivered to the Oath^ U?°D said Commissioners or any Seven of them, or to their Treasurer or Clerk, on the First Day of May in every Year, or within One Calendar Month afterwards, and which Account mall be verified upon the Oath or Oaths, Affirmation or Affirmations of one or more of such Churchwardens and Overseers (which Oath or Affirmation the said Commissioners or any Tw'o of them are hereby authorized and required to adminster); and in case it shall appear upon such Account that the Monies so paid to the said Churchwardens and Overseers for the Year then next preceding shall have been more than sufficient for the Purpose aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Balance remaining in the Hands of the said Churchwardens and Overseers shall be paid over by them to the said Commissioners or any Seven of them, or to such Person as they shall appoint to receive the same; but in case it shall appear upon settling such Account that the Monies so paid to the said Churchwardens and Overseers have not been sufficient for the Purpose aforesaid, then that such Deficiency shall be forthwith paid by the said Commissioners to the said Churchwardens and Overseers, to the End and Intent that all Accounts between the said Coin-missioners and the said Churchwardens and Overseers respecting the Rates and Duties imposed by and under the Authority of this Act shall be finally balanced and clufed once in every Year.

XVII. Provided always, That if any such Churchwardens or Overseers shall Penalty on refuse or neglect to state and deliver such Yearly Account in writing as aforesaid, or shall refuse or neglect to verify any such Account upon Oath »evify such or Affirmation if thereunto required by the said Commissioners or any Seven cc' or more of them, or shall refuse or neglect to pay over such Money as upon ’ the Balance of any such Account ffiJl be and remain in his or their Hand or Hands to the said Commissioners or any Seven of them, or as they shall direct or appoint, or in case any Dispute or Difference shall happen between the said Commissioners or their Clerk or Treasurer and the said Churchwardens and Overseers touching the said Accounts or the Account of the Balance which ought to be paid over to the said Commissioners, then and in any of such Cases, upon Complaint made by the said Commissioners or any Three of them, or their Clerk or Treasurer or other Person or Persons so appointed by the said Commissioners to receive such Balance as aforesaid, of any such Refusal or Neglect or touching any such Dispute or Difference as aforesaid, to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Durham, such justices may and they are hereby authorized and required to lumnion such Churchwarden or Overseer or Churchwardens or Overseers before them, and upon his or their appearing, or in Default of such Appearance after fuel? Summons as aforesaid, to hear and determine the Matter of such Complaint in a summary way, and if upon the Con-

fession

360 49* Georgii III. Cap 12.

feljion of the Party or Parties or determined by the Oath or Affirmation of one or more credible Witness or Wftpeffes, Which Oath or Aihrmatian such Justices are hereby empowered to administer, ir shall appear to such Justices that any such Churchwarden and Overseer hath refused or neglected to pay over Jilch Sum of Money or Balance as ought to be paid over by them according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Justices may and they are hereby authorized and required to asceruin the Balance which ought so to be paid, determined by Writing under their Hands, and in case the same shall not be forthwith paid, by a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Money to be levied by Difhefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Churchwarden and Overseer or Churchwardens and Overseers, returning the Overplus (if any) after payment of the said Money and the Coifs and Charges of such Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels upon Demand.

XVIII. And whereasitwasby thefatd recited Act (amongst other Things)en-f-tticd"inThe acicd, That all and every Person and Persons who then already had gained or Parish of sun- become entitled to, or who at any rime or Times thereafter could or might iit^Ad’of’she ’n cak t^le Act had not been pnffed, have gained or become entitled to 31(1 of His any legal Settlement or Settlements in the several Townships of Bishop Wear. PJfty "noMo" thouth, Bishop Wearmouth Pans, M onkiVear mouth. and Monk Wear mouth Shore, i<in Settle- or in any of the said Townships, under or by reason of any Apprenticeship in

thf"Act^fnief» t*le "Wade or Business of a Snip Carpenter, and who afterwards should have t'M-vfon-o a been at or should go to Sea in the Capacity or Capacities of a Ship Car-fra three penter or Ship Carpenters, Sailor or Sailors, or in any other Capacity or Employment, for any Period or Periods of Time either successively or at intervals amounting in the whole to the space of Three Years, should be, and all and every such Person and Persons were and was thereby declared to be thereby legally settled in the said Parish of Sunderland, and not elsewhere, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and in the fame and as ample a manner as if such Person and Persons had actually gained and become entitled to his and their legal Settlement and Settlements in the said Parish of Sun. derland by performing or serving their said respective Services or Appren-ticeships within the same Parish, and by residing or lodging within the same Parish during the last Forty Days of their respective Services or Appren-ticeships, or by any other good and valid Means of acquiring a legal Settlement or Settlements within the same Parish; any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas it is expedient that the said Power of gaining Settlements in the said Parish of Sunderland, by the Persons hereinbefore particularly described under the said recited Act, should in future be reflrifted as hereinafter mentioned; be it therefore eirafted, That no Person who already has gained or become entitled to, or who at any Time or Times hereafter could or might have gained or become entitled to a legal Settlement in any of the said Townships of Bishop ll'cannouth, Bifaop Wear mouth Pans, Monk Wear mouth, and Monk Wear mouth Shore re-i'peftively, under or by reason of any Apprenticeship in the Trade or Business of a Ship Carpenter, and who shall at any Time, after the passing of this Act, go to Sea in the Capacity of a Ship Carpenter or Sailor, or in any other Capacity or Employment, shall be deemed tc be thereby legally settled in the said Parish of Sunderland under and by virtue of the said recited Act, unless such Person shall go to Sea for the Space of Three Years in some Ship or Vessel trading from and registered at the said Port of Sunderland; any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

01

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 22. 3^i

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Pro- "f the

visions, Clauses, Penalties, Matters and 'Ihings given, imposed or con- -.ift otHis tained in the said recited Act, for assessing, collecting, levying, paying and !^ye"for a* accounting for the Rates and Duties thereby granted, shall be in full force Ving, etc. the and effect for asseffing, collecting, levying, paying and accounting for the thi*P" Rates and Duties imposed by or under the Authority of this Act, and also Act.

for collecting, levying and accounting for any Arrears of the several Rates and Duties imposed by or under the Authority of the said recited Act and which may then remain unpaid, and which Arrears the Commissioners under this Act shall and are hereby authorized and required to collect and levy accordingly, and pay the same to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the said Parish of Sunderland for the Purposes of the said recited Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That One-fourth Part of all Colls, of

Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act shall be borne, ,his Act how paid and defrayed by the said Commissioners out of the first Monies that to be paid, shall be collected and received by them by virtue of this Act, and that the remaining Three-fourth Parts of such Cods, Charges and Expences shall be paid by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the said Parish of StWerArtn/, who are hereby authorized and required to make a Rate for that Purpose upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish of Sunderland according to the Rate made for the Time being for the Relief of the Poor of the same Parish, which Rate so to be made by the said Churchwardens and Overseers (being approved of by any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Durham) it shall be lawful for such Churchwardens and Overseers and their Successors to collect and to apply the Money so collected in the Payment of the said Three-fourth Parts of all such Cods, Charges and Expences as aforesaid, and the Overplus (if any) shall be applied as Part of the Poors Rate of the said Parish of Sunderland; and if any Person shall refuse to pay such Rate it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Durham, upon Complaint thereof made by any such Churchwarden or Overseer, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person so refusing, returning the Overplus (if any) after Payment of the said Rate and the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels upon Demand: Provided always, that if any Person shall think himself aggrieved by any such Rate as aforesaid, such Person may appeal to the next General Quarter Sessions for the said County of Durham in like manner as is provided in the Cafe of Appeals against Rates for the Relief of the Poor.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made Distress not for any Rate or Duty, or other Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by Want'S' virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Form.

Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction,

Warrant of Didrefs or other Proceedings relating thereto, nor shall the

Party or Parties didraining be deemed a Trespader ab initie, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Panics distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

[Lee. y /Vr.] 4 T

362

■Appeal to the Quarter Srl-ftons.

Limitation of Actions.

Inhabitants of Sundeiland, etc may be Witnesses.

[Public Act.]

490 G£ Q RGII III. Cap. 2 2.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons whom* soever aggrieved by the Act of any Justice or Justices of the Peace out of Sessions, in or concerning the execution of this Act, may appeal to the next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County, Riding, Liberty, Division, Precinct or District wherein such Act was done, giving Fourteen Days Notice thereof to the Party against whom the Complaint shall be made, and giving Security by Recognizance to be acknowledged before a Justice of the Peace of the same County, Riding, Liberty, Division, Precinct or District, with a sufficient Surety to pay the Colls attending such Appeal, if the Matter shall be determined against the Appellant; and the Justices at such Quarter Sessions are hereby authorized to hear and determine such Appeal, and to award Colls for or against the Appellant, as they shall see just causefoto do, which Determination shall be final, and shall not be removed by Certiorari.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Action shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Act, Matter or Thing done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fadt committed, and shall be laid and brought in the said County of Durham, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants, and in such Case or in case the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or shall discontinue his, her or their Action or Actions, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Case by Law.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Inhabitant of the said Parishes of Sunderland, Bishop H'earmouth and Monk Wearmouth, or any of them, shall be deemed to be an incompetent Witness to give Evidence in any Action, Suit or other Proceeding either at Law or in Equity, which shall or may be had, commenced or prosecuted by any Person or Persons whomsoever, touching or concerning the collecting, railing, levying or applying of any Duties, Penalties or other Sums of Money by this Act directed to be so raised, levied and applied as aforesaid, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing whatsoever relating to the execution of this Act.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON; Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 23.

An Act for making and maintaining a Railway or Tramroad from the River Severn, at the Quay, in the City of Gloucester, to or near to a certain Gate in or near the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, called The Knapp Toll Gate, with a Collateral Branch, to the Top of Leckhampton Hill, in the Parish of Leckhampton, in the said County.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester is become a Place of great public Reforr, and the Number of Houses and Buildings in the said Town and Neighbourhood have of late Years greatly increased and are rapidly increasing: And whereas the Turnpike Roads in the Neighbourhood of the said Town have been greatly injured and destroyed by Carriages travelling thereon, laden with Corn and Coals, and with Stone, and other heavy Matetials for Building, and the Turnpike Roads between the City of Gloucester and the said Town of Cheltenham, owing to the constant Draught of such heavy Materials thereon, are now in a vety dilapidated and ruinous State, and if a Railway or Tramroad was properly formed and made from the River Severn, at the Quay in the City of Gloucester, through the several [Lor. y A’t'O 4 2 Town*

366

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

Townships, Parishes, Hamlets, Tythings and Places herein-after mentioned, to a certain Place called The Knapp Toll Gate, in the 1 own of Cheltenham, the said hit-mentioned Turnpike Roads would be greatly relieved from the Damage they sustain by the Carriage and Conveyance of Corn,. ^?oal, S.tone, and other heavy Articles of Merchandize thereon, and the f^yriage and Conveyance of such Merchandize would be much facilitated and cheapened. Materials for the Roads more readily procured, and ihe'Trade atjd Communication between the adjacent Country would be considerably improved; and many of the aforesaid Purposes would be further aided by continuing the said Railway or Tramroad by a Collateral Branch from that Part thereof which runs through a certain Field in the Tything of Aljtone, in the said Parish of Cheltenham, called The Nine Acres, to the Top of a certain Hill called Leckhampton Hill, in the Parish of Leckhampton, jn tire said County of Gloucester, near to a Tramroad or Railway there already laid down: And whereas the several Persons hereinafter named are desirous, at their own Costs and Charges, to make and maintain such Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch; but the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. Proprietors. That the Right Honourable James Lord Sherborne, the Right Honourable John Howard Earl of Suffolk and Berkshire, Sir William Hicks Baronet, Joseph Pitt Esquire, James Agg Esquire, William Nettlejhipp Esquire, William Fendall Esquire, John Turner Esquire, Richard Collins Esquire, the Reverend Packicgton George Tomkyns Doctor of Laws, William Capel Esquire, the Reverend Thomas Welles Dodfor of Divinity, John Neale Clerk, Joseph Newmarch, Thomas Hullett Esquire, Thomas Gitton Esquire, Thomas Smith, Richard Bowden Esquire, Henry Wetherell Clerk, Richard Wctherell Clerk, Thomas Gray Esquire, Peter Radley Jackson Esquire, Edwas-d Smith, Thomas Minster Esquire, Peter Ryder Minster Esquire, and John I illar, and their several and respective Successors, Ex- cutors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be and they are hereby united into a Company For making, completing, and maintaining the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch, and other Works, according to the Rules, Orders and Directioqs herein-after mentioned and expressed, and shall for that Purpose be one Body Corporate by the Name and Stile of " The G oucester and Cheltenham Railway'Company," and by that Name shall have perpetual Succefion and a Common Seal, and by that Name shall and may sue and be sued j and that the said Company of Proprietors shall have Power and Authority, from and after the passing of this Act, and at all Times thereafter, to purchase and hold Lands and Hereditaments to them and their Successors and Assigns for the life of the said Undertaking and Works, and also to sell or dispose of the said Lands and Hereditaments again without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain; and the said Company of Proprietors shall be and are he.eby authorized and empowered, by themselves, their Deputies, Agents, Officers, Workmen, and Servants, to make, complete, and mail.tain.a Railway or Tramroad, to be called " The Gloucester and " Cheltenham Railway," on which Waggons and other Carriages, to be conltru&ed as herein-after is mentioned, may pals from the River Severn, at the Quay, in the City of Gloucester» to or near to a certain Gate, called 4 . The

367

49’ GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

The Knapp Toll Gale, in or near to the Town of Cheltenham, in the County of Gloucester, through the Parishes cf Saint Nicholas and Saint Gwen, in the said City of Giouctjler, and through or into the several Townships,

Parishes, Hamlets, Tythings, and Places of the North Hamlet, South Hamlet, Little"vorth, Barton Saint Mary, Barton Saint Michael, Viil of IVotton, Wotton Saint Mary, Wot ton Saint Catherine, Barnwood Longford Saint Mary, Hucclecote, Churchdown, Staverton, Boddington, Trie, Aistone, and Cheltenham, all in the said County of Gloucester; and also to make, complete, and maintain a Collateral Branch of Railway, in a similar Form from that Part of the intended Railway or Tramroad which will be made through a certain Field situa'.e in the said Tything of Aistone called The Nine Acres, to the Top of a certain Hill called Leckhampton Hill, in the Parish of Leckhampton, in the said County of Gloucester, near to a Railway or Tramroad there already laid down, through or into the Tythings of /lift one, Wcjlal, Naunt on, and Saniford, in the said Parish of Cheltenham, and through or into the said Parish of Leckhampton; and for the Their Powers. Purposes aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors, their Deputies,

Agents, Servants, Surveyors, and Workmen, are hereby authorized and empowered to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds ofany Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate whatsoever, and to survey and take Levels of the fame, or any Part thereof, and to set out, afeettain and appropriate for the Purposes herein-mentioned, such Parts thereof as they shall think necessary and proper for making or altering the said Railway, or Tramroad and Collateral Branch, and all such other Works,

Matters, and Conveniencies as they shall think proper and necessary for making, effecting, preferring, improving, completing, maintaining, and using the fame; and for those Purposes to bore, dig, cut, trench, sough, get, raise, remove, take, carry away, lay, use, and manufacture any Earth, Clay, Stone, Soil, Rubbish, Trees, Roots of Trees, Beds of Gravel or Sand, or any other Materials or Things which can or may be dug, raised or gotten in making the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch, or other Works, out of the Lands or Grounds of any Persons,

Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, adjoining, or being convenient or contiguous to such Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch, and which may be proper, requisite, or necessary for making, carrying on, continuing, maintaining, altering or repairing the said Railway or Tram-road and Collateral Branch, and other Works, or which may hinder, prevent, or obstruct the making, using, completing, altering, extending, or maintaining the fame, according to the Intent and Meaning of this Act; and also to make, build, erect, and set up, in, under, or upon the said Railway or Tramroad, Collateral Branch and other Works, or upon the Lands adjoining or near to the fame, such and so many Bridges, Piers,

Arches, Tunnels, aqueducts, Sluices, Weirs, Pens for Water, Wharfs,

Houses, Warehouses, Tollhouses, Landing Places, Weighing Beams,

Cranes, Fire Engines, or other Machines, and other Works and Ways,

Roads and Conveniencies, where and in such Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall think nectfiary and convenient for the Purposes of the said Undertaking (save and except as herein-after mentioned); and also from Time to Time to alter, repair, and amend, or discontinue the fame; and also to place, lay, work, or manufacture the Materials necessary for the making, erecting, maintaining, and repairing the said Railway or Tramroad, Collateral Branch and other Works on the Lands or Grounds near to the Place or Places where the said Works or any of them shall be

or

363

Crofting*.

Houses and Ga»dens not to be uf.d, except such as are mentioned, &c.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

or are intended to be made, erected, repaired, or done; and also to make, maintain, repair, and alter any Fences or Passages, over, under or through thefaiJ Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Blanch; and also to make, let out, and appoint such Roads and Ways convenient for hauling or drawing of Waggons and other C'aniagrs pacing upon the said Railway or Ti.unread and Collateral Branch, with Men or Horses, or otherwise, and proper Places for Waggons and other Carriages to turn, lie, or pass each other, as the said Company of Proprietors Aiad think convenient; and to tonilruQ, ered, and keep in Repair any Piers, Arches, and other Works, in, upon and across any Rivers or Brooks, for the making, elf dting, preferring, improving, completing, using, mainia ning and repairing of the said Railway or Tramroad, Collateral Branch and other Works; and to confbudt, ertft, make and do all other Matters and Things which they shall think convenient or necessary for the making, effecting, altering, preserving, improving, completing and using the said Railway or Tramroad, Collateral Branch and other Works, to be made or conltructed in pm-fuance and according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, they the said Company of Proprietors, their Deputies, Agents, Servants, and Workmen, doing as little Damage as may be in the Ex cution of the several Powers to them hereby granted, and making full Satisfaction, in Manner herein after mentioned, to the Owners or Proprietors ot and all Persons interested in any Lands or other Hereditaments which shall be taken, used, removed, diverted or injured, either immediately or consequentially, for all Damages to be by them fuitained in or by the Execution of all or any of the Powers hereby granted; and this Act shall be fufEcimt to indemnify the said Company of Proprietors, and their Depu-tits. Servants, Agents and Workmen, and all other Persons whomsoever, for what they or any of them shall do by virtue of the Powers hereby granted; subject nevertheless to such Provisoes and Restrictions as are herein-after mentioned and contained.

II. Provided always, That where the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch shall cross any Turnpike Road or Public Highway, the Ledge or Flanch of such Railway or Tramroad, for the Purpose of guiding the Wheels of the Carriages, shall not exceed One Inch in Height above the Level of such Road.

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to take, use, injure or damage, for the Purposes of the said Railway or Tramroad, Collateral Branch or other Works, or for any other of the Purposes aforesaid, any Hause or other Building which was erected or built at or before the Time of the passing of this Act, or any Laud or Ground which was then set apart and used as or for a Garden adjoining any House, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, without the Content of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and Persons interested therein respectively; other than and except a certain Barn and Cottage Yard belonging to and occupied by Joseph Burrows, a certain Fold Yard belonging to George Cafar tiop-kinson Esquire, a Cottage Yard belonging to Anthony Ellis Esquire, in the Occupation of John Phelps, and another Cottage Yard belonging to the said Anthony Ellis, in the Occupation of Mary Reames.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23. 369

IV. And whereas a Survey has been taken (o ascertain the Pra&ica- r-.

bility of making the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch,

f?rsnce to be

and a Map or Plan, with a Book of Reference thereto, has been made; authenticated be it therefore enacted, That there shall be Two Parts of the said Map ^f^Uvurf or Plan, and a Book of Reference thereto, which shall be certified by the of commons. Right Honourable The Spe ker of the House of Commons, and severally deposited, one with the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, and the other with the Clerk of the said Railway Company, to either of which Maps, Plans, and Books of Relerence, all Persons shall have liberty to resort, and to examine or make Extracts from or Copies of the same as Occasion shall require, paying to the said respective Clerks for Copies of or Extracts from the said Books ol Reference after the Rate of Sixpence for every One Hundred Words; and either of the said Maps or Plans and Books of Reference so certified, or true Copies thereof, shall be and are hereby declared to be good Evidence in ail Courts of Law or elsewhere; and the Clerk for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors, upon Six Days Notice to him given for that Purpose, shall and he is hereby required from Time to Time to produce the Map or Plan, and Book of Reference to be so deposited with him as aforesaid, before the Commissioners herein-after mentioned, or any Jury or Juries to be impannelled by virtue of this Act, at the Time and Place to be mentioned in such Notice, in order that the fame may be then and there given in Evidence, such Clerk having a reasonable Sum of Money allowed for his travelling Expences, Absence from Home, and Attendance on such Occasions.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, De*iatien

in making the said Railway or Tiamroad arid Collateral Branch, shall not 'in*

deviate more than One Hundred Yards from the Course or Direction nan. delineated in the said Plan, and set forth in the said Book of Reference, without the Consent in Writing of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic,

Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom such Lands and Grounds which would be affected by such Deviation do or shall respectively belong; but nothing herein contained shall extend to restrain or prevent the said Company of Proprietors from making any Deviation from the Course or Direction of the said Railway or Tramrcad and Collateral Branch, or Alteration of the fame, in case all the Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom the Lands or Grounds to be cut through or made use of for the Purposes of such Deviation or Alteration shall belong, shall consent thereto, such Consent in tile case of Individuals, to be given by Writing under their Hands, and in the case of Bodies Politic, to be given under their Common Seal; provided nevertheless that from the Entrance into the Land of Sir Thomas Crawley Becvey Baronet at Littleworth, in or near the said City of Gloucester, to Ellbridge Brooke, in the County of Gloucester, the said Company of Proprietors, in making the said Railway or Tram-road, shall not deviate from the Course or Direction delineated in the said Map or Plan, and let forth in the said Book of Reference, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners of the Lands or Grounds which would be aife&ed by such Deviation, such Consent to be testified as aforesaid.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That from the said Ell- Only Fifty bridge Brooke to a certain Messuage called the The Carpenter's Shop near YHrd» from

[L»r. id Per.] 5 A St aver ton b!©5?» th*

37°

Carpenter’s Shtp at Sta-rcrtoi. Rri.tge-

li-tl Owner* umi'ted in Bank of Re-tei erect, not to onftrnft irakinj the U. i.wat ,&c.

Rreatltli of the Land to be taken for tile JU iway.

Waterway to be made.

Bodiei soli-tie, dec. empowered to sell and convey Land!

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

Staverion Bridge, in the said Parish of Staverion, the said Company of Proprietors shall not deviate more than Fifty Yards from the Course or Direction delineated in the said Map or Plan, and set forth in the said Bock of Reference, without such Consent aslafl aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors may make the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch, and other Works, into, through, across, or over the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoever. Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Name or Names shall appear to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners he;eby appointed, and be by them certified under their Hands to be by M flake omitted in the said Book of Reference, or that instead thereof the Name or Names of such other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom such last-mentioned Lands or Grounds do not belong, have or hath been by Mistake inserted therein j any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Lands and Grounds, to be taken or used for making and using the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch, shall not exceed Eight Yards in Breadth; except in those Places where it shall be judged necessary for Waggons or other Carriages to turn, lie, or pass each other, or for raising Embankments for eroding the Valleys, or in deep Cuttings, or where any Warehouses, Cranes or Weigh Beams may be erected, or where any Places may be let out or appropriated for the Reception or Delivery of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, which shall be conveyed on the said Railway, Tram-road or Collateral Branch; and not above Fifty Yards in Breadth in any Place, without the C.onfent of the Owners of the Lunds or Hereditaments adjoining to the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch j provided that through the Lands of John Mills Esquire, and Richard Nayier Esquire, and of Anthony Ellis Esquire, opposite Bound Bane, the said Railway or Tramroad shall not exceed Five Yards in Breadth, exclusive of Fences, and that through the Fold Yard of George Cafar Hopkinson Esquire, in the said Pound Lane, the same shall not exceed Two Yards in Breadth, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner of the Land or Ground through which the said Railway or Tram-road may be required to be of greater Breadth.

IX. And be it further enacted, That in making the said Railway or Tramroad to pass a certain Broek lying between a Common Field in the said Parish of Churchdewn called Elm Field, and a Common field in the same Parish called Wood Field otherwise Lamperhill Field, the said Company of Proprietors shall and they are hereby required, by means of One or more Arch or Arches, to cause to be made and kept in Repair a free and unobstructed Waterway, not less than Fourteen Yards wide in the Clear, such Arch or Arches to be not iefs than Six Feet high in the Centre, from the Surface of the present Ground ou the Sides of the said Brook.

X. And be it further enacted, That after any Lands, Grounds or Hereditaments shall have been set out and ascertained for making the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch and other Works, or

an j

3 71

4^® GGEORGII III. Cap. 23,

any Part or Parts thereof, and for providing and constructing the Wharfs and other Works and Conveniences herein-before authorized to be made, or any of them, it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corpora! on- Aggregate or Sole, Tenants in Tail or for Life, Hulb-nds, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Truit for charitable and other Purtofes, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their C.effuique Trulls or Wards, whether Infants, Ilfue unborn, Lunatic;, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised, posseded of, or interallied in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interest therein, and to and for all and every other Person or Persons whomsoever, who is, are, or shall be seised, possessed of or interested in any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments as last aforesaid, as shall be so set our and ascertained for the Purposes aforesaid, to contract for, sell and convey the fame and every Part thereof unto the said Company; and if it shall happen that by making the said Railway or Tramroad, Collateral Branch or other Works, the Property of any Land Owner or Land Owners shall be separated into small Parcels, or so affected as to render the Occupation thereof inconvenient, it shall be lawful for such Bodies Politic, Corporate, and Collegiate, and all and every such other Person and Persons so entitled or interested as aforesaid, by and with the Consent of the Commissioners hereby appointed, or any Five or more of them, to be testified by Writing under their Hands, although they may not be assembled at any Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held by virtue of this Atl, to contract for, sell and dispose of, or to convey in exchange all or any Part of such Lands or Hereditaments so separated or affected a» aforesaid, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, for such Price or Consideration in Money or other Equivalent as to the said Commissioners shall seem reafor.able; and that all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Exchanges, Conveyances, and Assurances, shall be valid and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all other Persons, so conveying or exchanging as aforesaid, ate hereby indemnified for what they shall respectively do by virtue hereof; and all such Contracts, Agreements, Sales, Conveyances, Exchanges, and Assurances, (other than those which concern any 1’urchafe or Exchange between any such respective Land Owners so to be made as last aforesaid), shall be made at the Expence of the said Company of Proprietors; and such of them as shall be made of any Lands or other Hereditaments to the said Company of Proprietors, shall be made according to the following Form:

in Consideration of the Sum to me paid by Do hereby by virtue of the Powers contained in an Act of Parliament, intituled, \_here set forth the Title of this Act J grant and release to the said Company of Proprietors, all [describing the Premises to be conveyed] and all my Right, Title, and interest in and to the fame, and every Part thereof, to hold to the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors for ever, by virtue and according to the true Intent and Meaning of an Act, passed in the Forty-ninth Year of

‘ His

T A-

1 of

Form of the Conveyance to the Company

372

4-9° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

e His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the Title 4 of this Act). In Witness whereof I have hereunto let my Hand 4 and Seal, the Day of in the \ ear of

our Lord

And all such Conveyances shall be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to tfce laid Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time, when requested, deliver atte :ed Copies thereof to any Person or Persons requiring the fame, and shall have and receive the Suin of Sixpence per Sheet for every attested Copy, reckoning One hundred Words for every Sheet; and every such Conveyance as aforesaid, which shall be made to any Person or Persons other than the said Company of Proprietors, shall be according to the following Form, videlicet:

I A.B. of Ho hereby, in Con-

4 {{deration of the Sum of

* to me in Hand paid by C.D. of

4 at or before the Sealing and Delivery of these Presents, the Receipt 4 whereof I do hereby acknowledge [or, in Exchange for certain Lands 4 situate conveyed to

4 me by C.D. by Writing under his Hand and Seal, bearing even Date 4 herewith] convey and assign to the said C.D. all \describe the Premises"} 4 To hold to the said C.D. his Heirs and Assigns for ever. As witness 4 my Hand and Seal, the Day of in the

4 Year of our Lord

And every such Conveyance shall be valid and effectual.

•Where small

Parcels of Lmds K c interfered f Company compe’lable to purchase the Whole,

XT. And be it further enacted, That if, in making the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch, any Pieces or Parcels of Ground shall be cut through and divided, so that what shall be left on each or either Side of the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch shall be less than One Acre in Quantity, or less than Fifty Yards in Breadth, and if the Owner or Owners of any such Pieces or Parcels of Ground shall not have any other Land or Ground adjoining to what shall be so left on each or either Side of the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch, then and in every such Case the said Company of Proprietors shall also take and purchase the Piece 6r Parcel, Pieces or Parcels of Ground io left on each or either Side of the said Railway or Tramroad, being less than an Acre in Quantity, or less than Fifty Yards in Breadth as aforesaid, and shall pay for the fame after the Rate and in the same Manner as they shall pay for the Land or Ground adjoining thereto, which shall be taken and used for making the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch, provided the Owner or Owners or Person or Persons entitled to (he Possession or to the Rents or Profits of such small Pieces or Parcels of Ground respectively shall require the said Company of Proprietors to take and purchase the some, but not otherwise; and the Consent of the Commissioners is hereby declared not to be necessary to the Sale to the said Company of Proprietors of any Pieces or Parcels of Ground answering the Description lait before mentioned.

where L-r.d And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where the said Rail-

1 n»: be way or Tramroad and Collateral Branch shall be made and carried by the Bre-.dth*be- Side of any Turnpike Road, there shall be a Distance oi at lead Thirty

10 Feet

4.90 GEORGII III. Cap. 23. 373

Feet fiotn the Centre of such Turnpike Road to the Centre of the Land which shall be taken by the said Company of Proprietors for the Purposes any rufnpike of this Act; and all the Land which shall lie between the Turnpike Road £"^;a^eto and the said Railway or Tratnroad and Collateral Branch shall be pur- the value chafed by the said Company of Proprietors, who shall pay for the lame after the fame Rate and in the same Manner as they shall pay for the

Feet wide to

Land or Ground which shall be taken and used for making the said Rail- he open to the way or Tratnroad and Collateral Branch; and where the same shall not ja1, exceed Twenty Feet in Width, the same shall be laid open to the said Turnpike Road, and forever after remain Part thereof.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes, where in making TheC'om-the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch or ocher Works, \vaite°Land» hereby authorized, there shall be occasion to cut through, take, or use to ue conveyed any Part of any Commons or Wastes, the Conveyance of such Part of such of^Man*. Commons or Wastes by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies for the Time being of the Manor or Manors in which the same are situat*, to the said Company of Proprietors, shall be a good and sufficient Conveyance thereof (without the Commoners or other Persons interested therein joining in such Conveyance); and the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of such Manor or Manors respectively, are hereby authorized and required to make and execute such Conveyances accordingly, Compensations for such Part of the said Commons and Wastes as shall be required to be taken for making the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch being first made or tendered to the Surveyors of the Highways within the respective Parishes or Townships wherein such Commons or Wastes shall lie, and the Money which shall be paid to such Surveyors respectively for such Compensation, shall be by them laid out and applied towards the Repairs of the Highways within their Lid respective Parishes or Townships, and in no other Manner.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body or Bodies Sntisfraion to Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustees and other Person or Persons

herein before enabled to fell or convey Lands or other Hereditaments, or by annual and any other Ownei or Owners, and the Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or other Hereditaments 'hrough, in, or upon wrhich the said Railway or Tramroad, Collateral Branch or other Works hereby authorized shall be made, may accept and teceive Satisfaction for the Value of such Lands and Hereditaments, and for the Damages to he fultnined by making and completing the fame, either in gross Sums or by annual Rents; and in case the said Company of Proprietors and the said Parties interested in such Lands or other Hereditaments, cannot agree as to the Amount or Value of such Satisfaction, the same shall be ascertained and settled by the Commissioners hereby appointed, in such Manner, and subject to such Verdict of a Jury, if required, as is herein-after directed.

XV. And whereas Differences may arise between the said Company Commission-of Proprietors and the several Persons, Owners of and Persons interested DT/cTences"'3 in the Lands and Hereditaments which shall or may be used, taken,

atfeded, or prejudiced by the Execution of the Powers hereby granted, touching the Purchase Money to be paid or Recompence to be made to them resprflively; be it therefore enacted, That the Right Honourable [Loc. & Per.J 5 B Thomas

374

£iceiion of new Coif-Jioner#.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

Thomas Howard commonly called Lord Viscount Andover, John Acock, John Brown, Thomas Packer Butt, William Humpbris Barrett, Joseph Bickham, Michael Hicks Beach Member of Parliament, Michael Hicks Beach Junior, William Hicks Beach, Christopher Ccdr.ngton Member of Parliament. William Cother (of Wotton), Richard Critchett, William Capel, Samuel Colborne, Richard Chandler, Thomas Ctmmeline, the Honourable John Dutton, Thomas Bagbott Delabere, John Delabere Clerk, Anthony Ellis, Charles Evans, Henry Fowke, William Fcndall, Thomas Fuljames, Henry Foulkes Clerk, Alexander Fotbringham, Richard Forjler, Thomas Gray, William Griffith, Theodore Gwinnett, Giles Greenaway, Sir William Guifc Baronet, Sir William Hicks Baronet, George Ccefar Hopkinson, John Hodgkin f on, William Herbert, Charles Hopkinson, Edmund Hopkinson, Robert Hughes, Charles Higgs, Roynon Jones, James Je/f Baynham Jones, Gilbert Jones, Sir Edwin Jeynes Knight, John Jtjferis, Samuel Jeynes, Thomas Kidman, Benjamin Kingstone, Roe King Clerk, Charles Shaw Lefevre, Joseph Little, William Lawrence, Richard Langbridge, Robert Morris Member of Parliament, John Mac Mahon Member of Parliament, Thomas Mutlow, Thomas Mee, John Mills, William Montague, Thomas Minster, Thomas Nash Clerk Doctor of Divinity, Richard Nayler, Thomas Nettle/hipp, Charles Newmarch, Benjamin Newmarch, Thomas Newman, Thomas Obey, Samuel Pickering Clerk, William Phelps, Frederick Phelps, Richard Pruen, William Pearce Clerk, Joseph Pitt, William Price, Thomas Pruen, William Prefer, Thomas Palin, John Phillpotts, John Phillpotts Junior, Richard Rudder, John Riddell, Harry Rooke, William Russell, Samuel Ricketts, Abraham Saunders, Charles Smith, Charles Seager, Merrott Stephens, James Sadler, John Merrott Stephens, David Arthur Saunders, Edmund Stock, Thomas Smith, John Stone, Miles Staveley, Charles Hanbury Tracy Member of Parliament, Charles Brandon Trye, Henry Thompson, John Turner, Thomas Turner, Sir Ralph Woodford Baronet, Samuel Whit-combe, Paul Waihen, Robert Pleydell Wilton, Thomas Welles Clerk Doctor of Divinity, Francis Welles, Cornelius Woolley, John Gregory Welsh, Benjamin Wells, William Wood, John Boles Watson, Charles Wynne, Daniel Willey, Samuel Woodcock, Edward Weaver, Charles Weaver, David Walker, James Wood, Henry Wilton, and J. hn Pleydell Wilton, and their Successors to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for settling, determining, and adjusting all Questions, Matters and Differences which shall or may arise between the said Company of Proprietors and the several Persons as aforesaid.

XVI. And, for continuing a sufficient Number of Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution, belt further enacted, That when any of the Commissioners hereby appointed or to be elected in Manner herein mentioned shall die or refuse to act, the surviving or remaining Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, at some Meeting to be held for that Purpose, by Writing under their Hands, to elect and appoint any Person in the place of every Commissioner dying or Tefufing to act j and all such Commissioners so to be appointed shall, from the Time of their respective Appointments, have the like Authority in all Things relating to the Execution of this Act, as if they had been expressly named Commissioners in and by the same.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

XVII. Provided always, That in case it shall happen that the surviving or remaining Commissioners shall at any Time neglect or refuse, upon any Vacancy to appoint a new Commissioner, or that for want of a proper Number of Commissioners in the Neighbourhood, it shall become difficult to procure a Meeting or Meetings for executing the Powers of this Act, or in case the Commissioners hereby nominated or hereafter to be elected by virtue of this Act, shall be reduced to a less Number than Twenty, then and in any of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors from Time to Time to make Complaint thereof to the Jul-tices of the Peace assembled at any Quarter Sessions to be holden for the said County of Gloucester; and such Justices are hereby authorized to receive and hear the said Complaint, and as often as they find Occasion to nominate and appoint such fit and proper Personsas they in their Discretion shall think, fit, to be Commissioners for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Commissioners by them nominated and appointed, shall from thenceforth have the like Powers and Authorities as it they had been named Commissioners in and by this Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That any of the said Commissioners, who are or shall be Justices of the Peace for the said County, shall and may, notwithstanding their being Commissioners, aft as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall act as a Commissioner in any Case in the Execution of this Act, during the Time of his holding any Place of Profit arising out of the Rates to be collected by virtue of this Act, or during the Time of his being a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, or concerned or interested in the Matter in question; nor unless he shall reside in the City of Gloucester, or in the County of Gloucester, and shall be seised in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, and not as a Mortgagee at the Time of such his acting, of an Estate of Freehold or Copyhold of Inheritance, or both, in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the yearly Value of Two Hundred Pounds over and above all Reprizes, except Property Tax; or unle s he shall be pofldfed of or entitled unto a Personal Estate of the Amount or Value of Four Thous.tnd Pounds, or unlel’s he shall be the eldeli Son or (Ieir Apparent of a Peer, or of a Person qualified to serve in Parliament as a Knight of the Shire j nor shall any Person (not being an Heir Apparent as aforesaid) act as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act (other-wife than by giving Notice of the First M;eting of the Commissioners, and by administering an Oath or Affirmation in the Words following to the other Commissioners) until lie shall have taken such Oath or Affirmation before any One or more of the said Commissioners, who is or are hereby authorized and empowered to' administer the same; (that is to say)

* 1 A.B. do swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do ‘ -*■ folemly affirm] That I am truly and born fide in the actual Possession ‘ and Enjoyment [or, Receipt] of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Two Hundred ‘ Pounds above Reprize;, except for Property Tax [or, possessed of or

* entitled to a Personal Estate to the Amount or Value of Four Thousand ‘ Pounds] j and that I will, without Favour or Affeflion, truly and

impartially.

375

Quarter Sessions to nominate Commit, (ioners in certain Cafes

Commissioners may act as Tultices of the Peace.

Qualification ot Commissioners.

Oath

Notice of Com mt fit oners Meetings to be given.

On Application of the Proprietors or Land-owners. Commission* ci s to meet.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

‘ impartially, according to the bed of my Skill and Judgement, execute * and perform the Powers and Authorities veiled in me as a Commissioner, ‘ by an Act made in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [fit forth the title of this Acf\. So help me GOD.’

An an Entry or Memorandum of such Oath being taken by the Commissioner, shall be made by and certified under the Hand of such Clerk, which Certificate shall be deemed sufficient Evidence of such Oath having been taken, in all Courts whatsoever; and if any Person not qualified to act as a Commissioner, shall nevertheless perfume to act as such in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the Erne, to be recovered, with full Colls of Suit, by Action at Law, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which Action no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed; and such Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person hath acted as a Commissioner in the Execution of this Act.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Meeting whatsoever of the said Commissioners shall at any Time or Times be had, for putting in Execution any of the Powers or Authorities vested in them by this Act, unless previous Notice of the Time and Place and Purpose of such Meeting shall be given and inserted infome Newspaper or Newspapers circulated in the said County of Gloucester, at lead Seven Days before such Meeting; and that every Meeting of the said Commissioners to be held by virtue of this Act, shall be public, and that no Act, Order, or Proceeding of the said Commissioners or any of them in the Execution of this Act (except in such Cales as are hereby otherwise directed) shall be valid, unless the same shall be made or done at a Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act; and that all Powers and Authorities of what Nature soever, by this Act given to or vested in the said Commissioners, shall and may from Time to Time be exercised by a Majority of the Commissioners present at every such Meeting, such Meeting on all Occasions not confiding of less than Five Commissioners.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That upon Application in Writing being made by the said Company of Proprietors, or any Five or more of them, or by the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands or Hereditaments to be taken for or affected by the said Railway or Tramroad, Collateral Branch or other Works, or any of the Works necessary or relating thereto, or any of them, requelling or desiring that a General Meeting of the said Commissioners maybe holden, the Commissioners so applied to shall and they are hereby respectively authorized and required, within Seven Days after such Requell or Application, to give Notice in Manner aforesaid, of a General Meeting to be held at such Time and Place as shall be specified in such Notice, such Time not being less than Ten Days nor more than Fourteen Days from the Day on which such Requell shall be made to them as aforesaid; and the said Commissioners are hereby authorized, empowered, and required to assemble at the Time and Place so to be appointed, in order to put this Act and the Powers and Authorities hereby given to and vested in them in Execution, and shall then adjourn them-

2 selves,

r 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23. 87 7

selves, and afterwards meet at such Time and Place as the said Commissioners there assembled shall think proper or convenient; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting which shall be appointed to be had or held by the said Commissioners, a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act at such Meeting, and to adjourn to any other Time, then and from Time to Time, as often as the Case shall happen, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners shall and may by Notice ro be given in Manner aforesaid, appoint the Commissioners to meet at the Place where the last Meeting of the said Commissioners was appointed to be held, on that Day Fortnight after the Day on which the last Meeting of the said Commissioners was appointed to be held.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Did Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, and they nOI13i are hereby empowered, although they shall not be assembled at any Meet- '"g* ing to be held by virtue of this Act, from Time to Time and all Times, upon such Request made as aforesaid, by Notice in Writing signed by them and published in Ma'.ner aforesaid, to summon a Meeting of the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as shall be mentioned in such Notice for the sett.ing nd ascertaining such Damages as are herein directed to be settled and ascertaineti, and for other Purposes, notwithstanding any Adjournment or Non-adjournment of the said Commissioners.

XXIII. And b it further enacted, That all the Ordert and Proceedings of Proceeding* the said Commissioners shall be regul rly en ered in a Book or Books tu be

kept for that Purpose, suchB ok or Books to be open at all leafonableTimes for the inspection of any Person or Persons interested in the said Proceedings, or his, her, or their Agent or Solicitor, and desirous of seeing and examining the fame, without Fee or Reward, and such Entries being signed by such Number of the said Commissioners respectively, as are empowered by this Act to make such Orders or carry on such Proceedings, shall be deemed Originals; and the fame or true Copies thereof shall be admitted as Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and the said Commit- and their sioners may and ate hereby required, at their First Meeting, to appoint tkrk to be One cut of Three Persons to be named by the said Company of Proprie* arpo‘",ed' tors, to be their Clerk, and from Time to Time may remove any such Person, and on such Removal, or in case any such Clerk shall die or quit the said Employment, the said Company of Proptietors or their Committee for the Time being, shall, within the Space of Twenty-one Days after Notice in Writing for that Purpose shall have been given by the said Commissioners, nominate Three other Persons, and give Noiice thereof unto the said Commissioners from whom such Notice in Writing was received, and the said Commissioners shall and may appoint such One of the said Three last-nained Persons as they shall think proper, to be their Clerk, and in like Manner a Clerk to the said Commissioners, shall be from Time to Time nominated and appointed as Occasion shall require, and such Clerk shall be paid for his Care, Expences, and Trouble in the Execution of his Office by the said Company of Proprietors; and any Clerk who shall be removed, cr die or quit the Service as aforesaid, his Execurors or Adminifliators, shall within Two Calendar Months afrer such Notice in Writing to him or them respectively given by the said Commiflii ners produce and deliver up to such Commissioners all Books,

Accounts, P.-.pers. or Writings whatsoever relating to the Execution of [Loc. & Per.~] 5 C his

3TC 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 2$.’

his Ofike, which shall be in his or their Custody or P'wer; and etrery

lach Person neglecting or refusing to p'oduce and deliver up fuel) Books, Accounts, Papers or Writings, after such Notice as atorefiid, shall for every such Neglect or Refusal respectively for-eit the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall Cue for the fame, to be recovered with i full Colts of Suir, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record zx.Westminster, in which no Essoign, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

CommiTor-

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners acting

CiifertRce* *n Question, Matter or Diiference which shall or may aiite, are hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under their Hands, with the Consent of the Parties concerned, to determine and adjust from Time to Time what Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid by the said Company of P oprietors to the Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Person or Persons respectively, who shall be so entitled or interdted as aforesaid, fjr the absoluie Purchase of the Linds or Hereditaments which shall be let out and appropriated for making the said Railway or Tramroad, and other Works ami Conreniencies, or any Part thereof, and other the Purports of this Act; and also to determine and adjust what other distinct Sum or Sums of Money shall be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, as a Recempence for any Damages which mav or Hull at any Time or Times whatsoever be sustained by I'uch Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons respectively, being Owners of and interested in any Lands or Hereditaments, by reason or means of the Execution cf any of the Powers herein contained, by the said Company of Proprietors, or by their Agents, Workmen or Servants, or for any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, for which a Recompence or Satisfaction is by thi-. Act: directed to be made, in cale such Price or Value, Damage' and Recompence respectively, cannot be settled, adjusttd, and agreed for by and between the said Company of Proprietors or their Agents, and such Proprietors cf and Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments as aforesaid; and if the said Company of Proprietors, lor and on the Pait and Behalf of themftives, or if any such Bodies Pulido, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons so imeielltd or entitled as aforesaid, for and on his, her, or t!ie:r Part or Parts, shall refuse to submit any such Matter to the Determination of the said Comnufliuneis, or shall be diffatisfkd with any Deterimn ition which shall be by them made as aforesaid, or if ny such Bodies P ilitic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trustee or Trustees, or any o her Person or Persons interested or entitled as aforesaid, shall refuse to receive, upon due Tender thereof ma^e, such Purchast Money or such Recompence as shall be determined to be paid, or shall upon Notice in Writing given to the principal Officer or Officers cf such Bodies Politic, Cor^ or.ite or Collegiate, or to such fiuftte or Troftees, Person or Persons n-speflively, or left at the last or usual Place or Fhces of his, her, or their Abode, or with the Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lunds or Hereditaments, for the Space of I wen'y one Days next alter iu.h Notice, neglect or relufeto treat, or shall not agree with the said Company, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented trom treating, or through D.fability cannot treat for then Fives, r make such Agreement as (halt be convenient for promoting the said Undertaking, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to t;,e Premiks which they are or shall be in Puffdfion of, or to

the

379

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

the Interest which they shall claim therein, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time to issue a Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to the Sheriff of the said County of Gleucester; and in cale the said Sheriff or his Under Sheriff shall happen to be one of the said Company of Proprietors, or enjoy any Office of Trull or Profit u der them, or shall be otherwise interested in the Matters in Question, then to lorne one of the Coroners of the said County, not interested as alortsaid, commanding such Sheriff or Coroner respectively to impannel, summon, and return a Jury, and such Sheriff or Coroner is accordingly hereby required toim-pannel, summon, and return a Jury of Twenty-four sufficient and indifferent Men, qualfied according to the Laws of this Realm, to be returned for the Trials of lfiues in His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, to appear before the said Commissioners at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, not being less than Fourteen Days, nor more than Twenty-one Days, after such Warrant or Warrants shall be served upon the said Sheriff'or Coroner; and in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear at the Time and Piace so to be appointed as aforesaid, the said Sheriff or Coroner, or their D-puties respectively, shall r-turn other honed and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speeddy be procured to attend that Service (being so qualified as aforesaid) to make up the said Jury to che Number of Twelve, and all Parties concerned may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not challenge the Array; and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to summon and call before them all and every Person and Persons who shall be thought necessary to be examined as a Witne's or Witnesses touching the Matters in Qmftion, either by or before them the said Commissimers, or by or before any Jury or Juries as aforesaid, as the Case may be; and the said Commissioners may order and authorize the said Jury, or any Six or more of them, to view the Piace or Places or Matters in Controversy, and such Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths as well as the Oaths to any Person or Pei Cons who may be called upon to give Evidence, any one of the said Commissioners is hereby empowered to administer) shall enquire of, assess, and ascertain the Sum of Money to be paid for the Purchase of such Lands or Hereditaments, or the Recompence to be made fer the Damages which may or shall be sustained a3 aforesaid, and the said Commissioners shall give Judgement for such Purchase Monies, or Recompence to be assessed by such Juries; which said Verdict, and the Judgement thereupon pronounced as aforesaid, shall be finned by the said Commissioners, and shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes against all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and all other Perkins whomsoever; and if any such Sheriff or Coroner, or his or their Deputy or Agent, shall make Default in the Premises, every such Person shall for every such OftVnce forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds; and if any Person so summoned and returned as aforesaid upon such Jury shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse tt> give his Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect his Duty contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, or if any Person lo summoned to give Evidence shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn and examined, or to give Evidence, eve y Person so offending, having no reasonable Excuse to be allowed by the said Commissioners, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not excecdingTen Pounds for the Benefit of the Party in whole Behalf such Person was lo summoned.

Jury to be

summcnrrd certain Cales.

Commiftt otters may sum' man Witnesses and examine them on Oath.

380

Expences of Commission* cr> and Jury.

Persons requeuing a Jury, to enter into a fiond to profecuce.

Notice of Injury to He given to the Pr >r.eto t b< fore Com-pi «ints to t.ne Cjinmif-iioncri.

490 GGEORGII III. Cap. 23.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where a Verdict shall be given for more Monies as a Recompence or Sati-faction for any Lands or Hereditaments of any Person or Persons, or for any Damage to be done to any Lands or Hereditaments of any Person or Persons, than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Company or Proprietors, or determined by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, then all the Expences of calling such Commissioners, summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, shall be settled by the said Commissioners, and be defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors; but if any Verdict shall be given or made for the fame or a less Sum than had been previously offered determined by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, or than had been determined by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or in case no Damage shall be given by the Verdict where the Dispute is for Damages only, then and in every such Case the Costs and Expences of calling a Meeting of such Commissioners, summoning such Jury, and taking such Inquest, shall be flttltd in like Manner by the said Commissioners, and be borne and paid by the Person or Persons with whom the said Company of Proprietors shall have such Concroversy or Dilpu e, which said Costs and Expences having been so settled, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, where the same shall exceed such Costs and Expences, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Perpofei, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so all (Ted or adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the said Commissioners, in and by such Ways and Means as are herein-after provided for Recovery oi Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that whenever any Person or Perfurs shall by reason of Absence or otherwise have been prevented from Heating with the said Company of Proprietors, such Costs, Charges, and Expences shall be borne and defrayed by the said Company of Proprietors in Manner aforesaid.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, Thar all and every Person and Persons making Complaint and rtquefling such Jury, shall, before (he laid Commissioners shall be obliged to issue out their Warrant or Warrants for the summoning such Jury, first enter into a Bond, with sufficient Sureties, to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being, in the Penalty of One hundred Pounds, or in such o her Penalty as the said Commissioners shall appoint, not exceeding the Sum of one hundred and twenty Pounds, to prok-cute such his, her, cr their Complainr, and to b *r and pay the Costs and Expences of summoning such Jury and taking such Inquest, in the Propornon and Manner herein-before mentioned: P.ovided always, that the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall not be obliged by virtue of this Act to receive or take Notice of any Complaint or Complaints to be made by any Person or Persons for any D mages or Injury by him, her, or them fufta.ned or fuj pofet! to be ful-tained, in conhquence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, unless Norice in Writing hath been or shall bt given in relation thereto by or on Behalf <*f such Person or Persons, to the said Company of P o* prietors or to their Clerk, within the Space of Two Caitndar Months

nex.

3S1

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

next after the Time that such supposed Injury or Damage shall have been sustained, or the doing or committing thereof shall have ceased.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners and Juries respectively shall award all Determinations, Judgements, and Verdicts which they shall respectively make and give in the Execution of the Powers hereby vested in them, concerning the Value of Lands or Hereditaments, separately and distinctty from the Consideration of any other Damages sustained by or to be sustained by any Person or Persons in consequence of the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act, and shall distinguish the Value set upon the Lands and other Hereditaments, ^nd the Money assessed or adjudged for such Damages as aforesaid, separately and apart from each other.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Jury and Jury' man as aforesaid shall be under and subject to the fame Regulations, Pains, and Penalties, as if such Jury or Juryman had been returned for the Trial of any Issue joined in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and that all and every Person and Persons who, in any Examination to be taken by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully give false Evidence before the said Commissioners or before any such Jury as aforesaid, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame, and upon Conviction thereof shall be subject: to such Punishments and Disqualifications as any Person or Persons can or may be subject to for wilful and corrupt Perjury by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Meetings of the said Commissioners shall be holden within Five Miles of fume Part of the said Rail" way or Tramroad, or Collateral Branch.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all Determinations of the said Commissioners, which shall be submitted to and acquiesced in by the Patties concerned, and also the Verdicts of the Juries, and the Judgements of the said Commissioners thereon as aforesaid, shall be transmitted to and be kept by the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, and shall be deemed Records to all Intents and Purposes, and the fame, or true Copies thereof, shall be allowed to be good Evidence in all Courts whatsoever; and all Persons shall have Liberty to inspect the lime, paying for each Inspection the Sum of One Shilling and no more, and to take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom, paying for every Copy or Extract after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words.

XXXI. And, in order that the said Company of Proprietors may not be impeded in the Prosecution of their said Undertaking, by means of any such Proceedings before the said Commissioners or Jury, be it further enacted, That either upon Payment or legal Tender of such Sum or Sums of Money by the said Company of Proprietors, or on their giving such Security as the said Commissioners shall approve, for Payment of any Sum of Money which shall have b-en agreed between the Parties, or adjusted and determined by the said Commissioners, or assessed by such Juries in manner respectively as aforesaid, as the Purchase Money for any such Lands, Tythes, or other Hereditaments, or as a Rrcompence for the yearly Produce or Profits thereof, or as a Compensation for Damages as

\Loc. & Per.] 5 D htrein-

Verdlct of Value of Lands and D images to

be ascertainet! separately.

Jury to be under the fame Regulations as in the Courts at Westminster, and Persons guilty af Ferjury may be prose uted.

Directing the Place for Commissioners Meetings.

Verdict to he recorded, and Lands vested in the Proprietors.

The Lands are to vest absolutely in the Company, upon Payment or Tender of the Money afielled or agreed upon.

-S&a

*rti

Application of Cuni.pensation Money where exceeding aooL

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

hVreln-before mentioned] to the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Lands and PremiseS, or to such other Person or Persons as fha.11 be interested therein orentitied to receive such Money or Compensation respectively, at any Time after the fame fyall have been a finally so agreed for, determined, or aPTefied, or upon the! said Company of Proprietors previously giving such Security as the said Commissioners shall approve, for the future Payment of such Sum of Money as aforesaid; or if the Person or Persons interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments shall not be able to make a good'Title thereto, to the Satisfaction of the said Company of Proprietors, or shall refuse to receive the Sum or Sums awarded to him, her, or them by the said Comnulfioners or Jury, or to execute a Conveyance; or in tafe the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, upon Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank of England, in manner by this Act directed, or in case of an Annual Rent to be paid, upon the said Company of Proprietors giving previously such Security as the said Commissioners shall approve, for the future Payment of such Money as shall be fixed by the said Commissioners or Jury as aforesaid; then and in all or any of the said Cafes, as often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors and their Agents, Workmen and Servants, immediately to enter upon the Lands, Tenements, and other Heieditamcrts reflectively, or before such Payment or Security given, by leave of the Owners and Occupiers thereof; and immediately upon or after such Payment or Security shall be made or given as aforesaid, such Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments, together with the yearly Profits thereof, and all the Estate, Use, Treift, and Interest of any Person or Persons therein, shall from thenceforth be veiled in and become the sole Property for ever of the said Company of Prop ietors and their Successors, to and for the Purposes of this Act -, and such Payment, or the giving of such Security for the same as aforesaid, shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest and Demand of the Person or Persons to whom the lame shall or ought to have been nude, but also shall extend to and be deemed and cunftrued to bar the Dower of the Wife of every such Person, ard all Ettaics Tail, and other Estates in Reversion and Remainder of his, her, or their IlfuC. and of every ether Person whomf ever then in: Provided neveithefofs, that until such Payment or Srcutity as sforef.iid shall have been made, it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person ailing under their Aorhori y, to dig or cot t e Lands or Grounds of the Person or Persons entirli-d to such Payment or Security, for the Purp le of making the said Railway or Tr,inroad, or Collateral Branch or other Works, without the Consent of such Peil'on or Pe fons respectively.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or a ardrd to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purch»fed, take*. nr Pd by virtue of the Powers and for the Purpolies of this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, or seised or possess'ed of omy a paiti ular or determinable Estate or Interest therein, such Money shall, in case the fane shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, wi h all convenient Sp ed be paid into the Bank of England in tht Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High

Court

3^3

49° GEORGGII III. Cap. 23.

Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte The Gloucester and Cheltenham Railway Company, together with the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as any Five of the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands direct and appoint, pursuant to the Method prcscribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, Chapter Thirty-two, and the General Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, to the Intent that such Money may be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes-, or where such Money shall noc be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Courr, in the Purchase of other Lands or He-red.taments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchated, taken, •or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Efieft -, and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Older of the Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be verted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consoliduted or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bink Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by •the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and anneal Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Courr, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rsnts and Profits of the said Lands, or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purcnaied, taken, or used for the Purpolrs aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as afore-Lid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the lame shall ( ic the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so taken, or used, cr of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case oflnfancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands ) be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Piivity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or i-mre of the said Commissioners(such

7 Nomination

Application w here the

Compensation

is less* th*n lool. and exceeds zoi.

384 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application

XXXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money

left'rtanioL* agreed or awarded to be paid a« last before mentioned, shall be left

than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think fir, or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so enticled respectively.

In case of not making out Titles; or where Persons cannot be found, &c.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Mon y shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, for the Purposes aforesaid, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Company •, or in case the Person or Persons to whom any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Company, or any Five or more of them, to order the Sum or Sums of Money lo awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and wiih the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Crtdit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments (describing them if they are known), and if they are net known, then generally to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, without any Drlcripcion of them; subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chant cry, which said Court of Chancery? on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum and Sums ot Money, or any Pait thereof, by Morion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a I'ummary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distri-buiion thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the resptctive Estate or Effaces, Title or Luereft, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises, as to the said Court shall leem just and reasonable; and the Cafhter or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required co gtve a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and fptciiying for what and for whole U:e the fame is or are received, to the Person or Persons who shall py any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bark as afor^td.

XXXVI. Provided always and be it further enacted, That where any Questiun shall arile touching the Title of any Person to any Money

to

Pefpctf iftg dis ut.d Title.-

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23. 2*5

to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Genet il of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, (or the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Edate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank. Annuities to be purchased with any furh Money, or to the Dividends or Intered of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the said Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and clifposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wtongful one, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or In* lerelt therein.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by Court may reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corpo- °^c0't Purchasration entitled to any Lands, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under festobepaid. the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and be applied in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Ufei

in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all such Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sum or Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That full Recompence and CompenCu Satisfaction shall be made by the said Company of Proprietors for all tio"l?bf. Tythes, both Great and Small, which would have been issuing from or o'f Vythe!.'" out of any of the Lands which shall be taken or made use of for the Purposes of this Act, to the several Persons who now are or at any Time hereafter might have been entitled to such Tythes according to their re-fptdlive Inierefts therein, such Tythes to be edimated at the average

Value of the lad Four Years, commencing on the Twenty-ninrh Day of September One thculand eight hundred and four, and ending on the Twenty-ninth Day of September One thousand eight hundred and eighr,

such Value to be ascertained (in cale cf any Difference concerning the same) in like manner as the Value of any Lands or other Hereditament* is herein-before dirt died to be ascertained: Provided always, that such Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made to Spiritual Persons by an annual Kent; but the Recompence and Satisfaction to be made to the Lessees of any Spiritual Persons for their Intcred in any Tythes may notwithstanding be made by Sums in gross, and the annual Renrs to be paid to such Spiritual Persons shall not commence until such Time as the Terms for which such Tythes shall be holden by such Lessees shall expire.

[Loc. Is5 Per.] 5 E

386

For paying of Mortgage on Lamls used by the Company,

Requiring Comia. y to give the (hit Offcrj , of Land not wanted for the Purpolis of thi»Aa to the Persons from whom it was purchased.

49° GEORGII III. Cap.*$.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Lands or Hefe'-ditaments to be used for the Purposes of this Act, shall happen to be irt Mortgage to any Person or Persons, it shall be lawful for the fata Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby required upon Application being made to them by such Mortgagee or Mortgagee-, his, her or their Executors or Administrators, to pay the Money or any Part thereof securedl^ by such Morcgage or Mortgages cur of or with inch Sum or Sums ot Money after the lame shall have been so agreed for, and adjusted or afiefled in Manner aforesaid, for such Lands in Mortgage, in part of or in full for the Principal Money thac shall be due on such Mortgage or Mortgages, unto such Mortgage or Mortgagees, h's, her, or their Executors or Administrators: Provided always, that upon Receipt of such Sum or Sums, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators tclpeftively, shall acknowledge the Receipt of such Sum or Sums of Money, by an Indorsement to be made upon the Back of such M >rt-gage or Mortgages, and signed by such Morrgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators respectively, in the Presence of One or more cred'ble Witness or Wicncflcs, in Satisfaction of so much of the Principal Money due upon such Mortgage or Mortgage-.

XL. And whereas by Means of the Purchases which the Paid Company of Proprietors are empowered and required to make by virtue of this Act, they may happen to be seized of more Land or Ground than will be necessiry for rffrfting the Purposes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be iawtul foi the said Company of Proprietors to sell and dispose of any Piece or Pieces of such Land or Ground, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find most convenient and advantageous to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the fame: Provided always, that the said Company of Proprietors before they shall sell and dispose of any such Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground, shall first offer to rc-lell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground; and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to purchase or re-purchase the fame respectively, an Affidavit to be made and sworn btfire a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, by some Person or Persons not interested in the said Piece or Pieces ot Land or Ground, (fating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, and thac such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatever be sufficient Evidence and P oof that such Offer was made, and was not agreed to or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the Case may be), and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing or tepurchafing the fame, and he, she, or they and the said Company of Proprietors shall differ or not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case th,e Piice or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner herein-before directed with respect todifputed Value ol Premises to be purchased by the said Company of Proprietors in pui (trance of this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with respect to such Purchase made by the said Company of Proprietors mutatis mutandis, and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may IO * be

387

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

be made by the said Company of Proprietors of such Piece or Pieces of L/and or Ground as aforesaid shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Porchafers thereof (hill not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Non-application of such Money.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Proprietor«to Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute among themselves, in »mcm^ttl'em-such Proportions as they shall think proper, a competent Sum of Money fei cs for for making and completing the said Railway or Tramroad, and the Ways, KaUway^'nd Quays, Wharfs, and other Works and Conveniencies belonging of requi- other works, site thereto, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds, except as hereafter mentioned, and that die fame shall be divided into Shares of One hundred Pounds each, and that such Shares shall be numbered in regular Progrcfiion, and every such Share shall always be distinguished by the Number to be applied to the fame, and that the said Shares shall be and a,e hereby verted in the several Persons so raising and contributing the fame, and their several and respective Executors, Administrators, Successors, and AfTigris, to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proportionably to the Sums they shall severally raise and contribute; and all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and all Persons, their several and respective Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assign', who shall severally subscribe for One or more Share or Shares, or subscribe such Sum or Sums as shall be demanded in lieu thereof, towards carrying on and completing the f.iid Undertaking and other the Purposes of the said Subscription, shall be entitled to and receive, after the said Undertaking shall be completed, the entire and neat Distribution of an equal proportionable Parc, according to the Money so by them respectively paid, of the Profits and Advantages which shall and may arise and accrue by the Rates and other Sums of Money to be raised, recovered, or received by the said Company of Proprietors by the Authority of this Act; and every Body Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, Person and Persons having such Property in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the fame, in Manner herein directed and appointed •, and all and every the Shares and Proportions of all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all other Person or Persons, of and in the said Undertaking, or the joint Stock or fund of the said Company of Proprietors, shall be deemed Personal Estate, and transmissible as such, and not of the Nature of Real Property; and that all the Money to be raised by the said Company of Proprietors, by Application virtue of this Act, is hereby directed and appointed to be laid out and of Money tv applied in the first Place for and towards tire Payment, Discharge, and bi:'aised-Satisfaction of all Costs, Charges, and Expences in applying for, obtaining and parting this Act, and all other necessary Expences preparatory and relating thereto, and al Iche Residue and Remainder of such Money for and towards making, completing, and maintaining the said Railway or Tramroad, and Collateral Branch and other Works, and other the Purposes of this Act, and qo no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XLII. And, for better securing to the several Prop.ietors of the said Undertaking their several Shares therein, be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pr priecors shall and they are hereby required, at their first or some subsequent General Artembly, to cause the Names and proper Additions of the several Persons who shall be then entitled to the Shares

in

Names of Pro-pi ietori to be entered, and Ticketi of their Share* delivered to them.

333

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

in the said Undertaking, with the Number of the Shares, or the Amount of all the Subscripdons which they are then respectively e-ntitl d to hold, and also the proper Number by which every Share shall be distinguished, to be fairly and distinitly entered in a Book to lie kept by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors; and after such Entry made, to cause their Common Seal to be affixed thereto, and shall cause a Ticket or Inltrumenc with the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors affixed thereto, to be delivered to every such Subscriber upon Demand, speccifying the Share or Shares to which he or they is or are entitled in the said Undertaking, every such Proprietor paying to the Clerk One Shilling, and no more, for every such Ticket or Instrument; and such Ticket or Inltrumenc shall be admitted in all Courts whatsoever as Evidence of the Title of f ch Subscriber, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Share or Shares therein specified, but the want of such Ticket or Instrument shall not hinder or prevent the Owner of any of the said Shares from felling or disposing thereof; and which said Ticket or Instrument may be in the Words or to the Effect following; videlicet,

« THE GLOUCESTER AND CHELTENHAM RAILWAY COMPANY.

* Number

'■pEIESE are to certify. That A.B. of is a Proprietor of the Share or Number being One Share of

The Gloucester and Cheltenham Railway, subject to the Rules, Regulations, ana Orders of the said Company, and that the said A.B. his [or, her] Executors, Administrators, [or, Successors,] and Assigns, is and are entitled to the Profits and Advantages of such Share. Given under the Common Seal of the said Company, the Day of in the Year of our Lord

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Body or Bodies be deemed Politic or Corporate, or other Person or Persons, and his, her, or their Suc-TndPhavera cefrors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall have subscribed Vote for every for or shall become entitled to, and be in the attual Possession of One or Siwre. more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, shall be deemed a Proprie-

for for every such Share, and shall have a Vote for and in respect of every such Share, subject to the Restrictions herein-after mentioned, in the General and Special Assemblies of the said Company of Proprietors, to be held as herein directea for carrying on the said Undertaking, or relative thereto; which Vote shall and may be given by fyim, her, or them, or by his, her, or their Proxy or Proxies (such Proxy or Proxies being a Proprietor or Proprietors of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking) duly constituted under his, her, or their Hand or Hands or Common Seal, if a Corporation, or in case of Infancy, under the Hand or Hands of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians•, and that every such Vote by Prcxy shall be as good and valid, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Principal or Principals had voted in Person, and being an Infant had been of full Age; the Appointment of which Proxy shall and may be made in the Words or to the Effect following (varying the fame so as to meet each particular Cafe); videlicet,

form of the Ticket.

Snhfcrihers to

‘ I A.B,

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 23. 3^9

I A.B. one of the Proprietors [ar, we A.B. and C.D. Guardians of Form <tf the

* ■*" E.F. one of the Proprietors] of The Gloucester and Cheltenham Rail-

* way, Do hereby nominate, conftnute, and appoint G. H. to be my [cr ‘ his, or, her] Proxy, in my [or, hi?, or, her] Absence, to vote and

* give my [or, his, cr, her] Aii'cnt or D.ffent to any Business, Matter,

‘ or Thing relating to the said Undertaking, which shall be mentioned or ‘ prnposed at any Meeting of the Proprietors of the said Railway or ‘ Tramroad, or any of them, in such Manner as the said G. II. shall think ‘ proper, according to his Opinion and Judgement, for the Benefit of the

* laid Undertaking, or any Thing appertaining thereto. In Witness ‘ whereot I [cr, we] have hereunto fct my Hand [or, our Hands] the

* Day of in the Year ot our

* Lord

And that every Election of Committees and Officers, and every Quell tion. Matter, and Thing whatsoever, which shall be proposed, difcufied, or by the Majo-considered in any General or Special Assembly of the said Company to rity of Votes, beheld by virtueof this Act, shall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes and Proxies then present, computing one Vote to every Share as aforesaid; and that ateveiy such Afiemblyone of the Proprietors present shall be appointed President or Chairman, wh® shall not only have such Vote or Votes as a Proprietor as aforesaid, but shall also, in case of an equal Division, have the decisive or carting Vote: Provided always nevertheless, that no Person shall have more than Twenty Votes in his or her own Right, nor more than Twenty other Votes in Right of any Proxy or Proxies.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Sum of Proprietors Twenty-five thousand Pounds, herein-before authorized to be raised, shall be found insufficient for making, completing, and maintaining the said sum, ifnecef. Railway or Tramrcad, and other Works hereby authorized to be made, &ry. and defraying all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereto, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the Did Company to raise and contribute amongst themselves in Manner and Form aforesaid, and in such Shares and Proportions as to them shall lcem meet, or by the Admifliotl of new Subscribers, any further or other Sum of Money for completing and perfecting the said Undertaking, not exceeding the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds; and every Subscriber towards railing such further or other Sum of Money shall be a Proprietor in the said Undertaking, and shall have a like Vote by himself or heifelf, or his or her Proxy, in respect: of every Share in the said additional Sum so to be raised, and shall also be liable to such Forfeitures, and fiand interested in all the Profits and Powers of the said Undertaking, in Proportion to the Sum he, she, or they shall or may subscribe thereunto, as generally and extensively, to all Intents and Purpose- , as if such further or other Sum hereby allowed to be subscribed for or raised had originally been Part of the said Sum of Twenty-five thousand Pounds ■, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

XLV. Provided always, That in case the said Company of Proprietors p0Wer to raise shall be delirous of raising the said Sum of Ten thousand Pounds herein- Money by' before authorized to be raised, or any Part thereof, by Mortgage of the MortsaSe-said Undertaking, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors,

[Xse. lit Per.] 5 F by

39° 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

by an Order of any General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietor J to borrow and take up at Intrrert ail or any Part of the said 'ium ot ! <■ thousand Pounds on the Credit of the said Undertaking, as to them shal seem meet and convenient; and the said Company of Proprietors, or the Committee of the said Company of Proprietors, after an Order of any General Assembly, are hereby authorized and empowered to assign the Property of the said Undertaking, and the Rates ariing or ro arise by virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof (the C and Charges of aligning the same to be paid out of such Rates), as a Security for any such Sum or Sums of Monty to be burrowed as alorctaid, with Interest, to such Person or Persons, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trulb.es who shall advance the fame; ail which said Mortgages or Alignments shall be made under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

‘ Number

Form of ‘ 12 Y Vrtue of an Act, made in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of

Mortgage. ‘ King George the Third, intituled, [here fd forth the Title of this A5f] ‘ We Tic Gloucester and Cheltenham Railway Company, incorporated by and ‘ under the said Act, in conideracion of the Sum of ‘ to us in Hand paid by

‘ of Do align unto the said

* his [or, hei"j Executors, Administrators, and Aligns, the said Under-

* taking, and all and singular the Rates arising by virtue of this Act, and

‘ all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, of, in, and to the fame. To ‘ hold unto the said his [or, her] Execu-

* tors, Auministrators, and Aligns, until the said Sum of

* together with Interest for the fame after the Rate

« of for every One hundred Pounds for a

1 Year, shall be fully paid and satisfied. Given under our Common < Seal this Day of in the Year of our Lord

And all and every person or Persons to whom such Mortgage or Alignment shall be made, shall be equally entitled one with the other to his, her, or their Proportion or Proportions of the said Rates and Premises, according to the respective Sums in such Alignments mentioned to be advanced, without any Preference by reason of Priority ol any such Alignments, or on any other Account whatsoever; and a Memorial of every such Alignment containing the Date and Name or Names of the Pei ion or Persons to whom made, and the Sum of Money boirowed, and the Rate of Interest, shall be entered in a Bock or Books to be kept by the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors; which laid Book or Books shall and may be perused, at all seasonable Times, by any of the Proprietors or Creditors of the hid Undertaking, or other Persons interested therein, without Fee or Reward; and all and every Person or Persons to whom any such Mortgage or Mortgages, Alignment or Alignments, shall be made asaforrsaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money due thereon, shall and may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right or lniereft theiem to any Person or Persons whomsoever} which Transfer shall and may be in the Words or to the Effect following; (that is to say),

411

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

[or, We] of

A in consideration of the Sum of

paid by of

Do hereby transfer a certain Mortgage, Number

made by The Glouceftir and Cheltenham Railway Company to bearing Date the Day of

for securing the Sum of and Interest, and all my [or, our] Right and Property therein, to the said his [<sr, her] Executors, Administrators, and Aligns. Dated this Day of

in the Year of our Lord

And every such Transfer shall, within Twenty-eight Days after the Date thereof, be produced to the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors* who shall cause a Memorial to be made thereof in like Manner as the original Mortgages or Assignments, for which the said Clerk shall be paid such Sum as the said Company of Proprietors shall appoint, not exceeding One Shilling; and after such lyntry made, every Transfer shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her and their Executors, Administrators,* and Assigns, to the full Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons. who shall have made such Transfer, to make void, release or disch.irge the fame, or any Sum or Sums of Money thereon due or thereby secured, or any Part thereof.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the Interest of the Money which shall be borrowed by Mortgage as aforesaid, shall be paid Half-yearly to the several Persons entitled thereto, in Preference to any Interest or Dividends due and payable by virtue of this Act to the said Company of Proprietors, or any of them, and shall from from Time to Time be fully paid and discharged or provided for before the yearly or other Interest or Dividends due to the said Proprietors, or any of them, shall be paid, made or divided; and in case the fame or any Part thereof shall be behind and unpaid by the Space of Twenty-eight Days next after the same shall become due and payable as aforesaid, and after Demand made thereof, that then it Audi be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required, on Request to them made by any Creditor whose Interest shall be so in arrear, by an Order under their Hands, to appoint One or more Person or Persons to receive the Whole or such Part or Parts of the said Rates as are liable to pay such Interest so due and unpaid as aforesaid, and the Money so to be received by such Person or Persons is hereby declared to be so much Money received by or to the Life of such Person or Persons to whom such Interest shall be then due, until the fame, together with the Custs and Charges of recovering and receiving the Rates, shall be fully satisfied and paid; and after such Interest and Costs shall be paid and satisfied, the Power and Authority of such Receiver and Receivers for the Purposis aforesaid, shall cease and determine, or otherwise the Lid Interest so due or unpaid as aforesaid, shall be filed for and recovered with Costs, by Action of Debt, in any of His Majesty’s, Courts of Record at Westminster.

XLVII. Provided always, That no Person to whom any such Mortgage or Alignment shall be made or transferred as aforesaid, shall be deemed a Proprietor of any Share, or shall be capable of afling or voting to at

39*

Form of Transfer.

Interest of Money borrowed to be paid in Preference to the Dividends, or may be sued at Law.

Mortgagees not to vote on account of having lent Money.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

as such either as Principal or by Proxy, at any Meeting of the Paid Company of Proprietors, for or on account of his or her having lent or advanced any Sum or Sums of Money on the Credit of such Assign* ment.

other oenem

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the First General Assembly

Alicmblies.

of the said Company ot Proprietors for putting this Act in Execution, shall be held in the Town Hall of the Town of Cheltenham aforesaid, on the Third Monday next after the passing; of this Act, at the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon, and the Second and every other General Assembly shall be held at such Times and Places as shall at such First or any subsequent WdtiUdT to General Assembly be appointed; and the said Company of Proprietors at such respective General Assemblies, together with such Proxies as shall be then prefcnc, shall choose and deft, out of such of the said Proprietors as at the Time of such Election shall respectively be possessed in.their ow’n Right of Three Shares at the least in the said Undertaking, a Committee to manage the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors as herein-dhefted, and to confi/t of Five or more Persons, Three of whom fh.dl at all Meetings of the said Committee be a Quorum and the said Company of Proprietors shall have Power and Authority, at any such General Assembly, to remove and displace any Person or Persons who shall have been chosen a Member or Members of the said Committee, or any Officer or Officers under them, and to choose and elect others in case of Death or other Vacancy, and to revoke, alter, amend, or change any of the Rules or Di-rtftions which may have been prescribed and laid down by virtue of this Act, with regard to their Proceedings amongst themselves, as they shall think proper (the Method of calling Special or General Assemblies, and their T.me and Place of meeting, and voting and appointing Committees, only excepted); and shall also have Power and Authority to make such new Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders for the good Government of the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents and Workmen, for making, maintaining, and using the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch, or other Works, and all other Conveniencies, Matters, and Things that shall be made for the fame, and also for and concerning all such Goods and Commodities as shall be conveyed thereon, and also for the Management of all Persons who shall be employed in the conveying of any Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes,'and other Articles and Things, upon any Part of the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch, or other Works, and from Time to Time to alter and repeal, and again to renew the said Bye Laws, Orders, and Regulations, and to impole and infl.ft such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon all Persons offending against the fame, as to the major Part of such General Assemblies shall seem meet, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any one Offence, such Fines and Forfeitures to be levied and recovered by such Ways and Means as herein-after mentioned; which laid Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, being reduced into Writing under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, and primed and published, shall be binding upon and observed by all Parties, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the fame, provided they be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or any Directions in this Act contained; and every such General Assembly shall have Power to call for, audit, and settle all Accounts for Money received, laid out, and disbursed on account of the said Undertaking

392

First and

393

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 23.

rak'ngby the Treasurers, Receivers, or Collectors o( the Rates, and other Officers by them appointed, or by any other Person or Persons employed by or concerned for or under them, in and about the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch and the Works thereto belonging; but no Vote or Votes by Proxy shall be given, or have any Power in or as to the Audit and Settlement of Accounts •, and the said Company of Proprietors shall have Power to adjourn themselves from Time to Time to such Place or Places as at such General Assemblies shall be thought proper and convenient.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if at any General Assembly there shall not be Persons present who shall be possessed of or entitled to at least One hundred and twenty Shares, or Subscriptions of One hundred Pounds or upwards, in the said Undertaking, either as Principals or Proxies, no Choice of a Committee, nor any Removal of a Person or Persons from any such Committee, nor any Election of any Person or Persons in the Room of such of the Members of the said Committee who shall die or decline to act, shall be made at that Time; but in such case there shall be another Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, at the fame Piace, at the Expiration of One Calendar Month; and if a sufficient Number of Proprietors as Principals or by Proxies shall not then attend, the said General Assembly shall (land adjourned to the Monday Three Weeks next following, at the same Place, and such Choice, Removal, or new Appointment of any Member of any such Committee shall then take place, and not before; and such Committee so before appointed shall continue to act, and have the fame Powers as they had and were possessed of, until a new Committee shall be appointed as aforesaid; and in case of Failure of the assembling of a sufficient Number of Proprietors, having such Shares or Subscriptions as Principals or Proxies, at such First General Assembly, every Proprietor who shall not attend such Second Assembly in Person or by Proxy, shall forfeic to the said Company, unless he shall have a sufficient Excuse for his Non-attendance, for every Share or Subscription of One Hundred Pounds, which he or she shall possess in the said Undertaking, the Sum of Ten Shillings, to be deduifled out of his or her next fuccecdingPayment of Interest or Dividends of the P.ofits of the said Undertaking, as the Case may happen; and in case no Interest or Dividends shall be payable to such Person or Persons making Default as aforesaid, within Three Calendar Months next after the making of such Default, then the Payment of the said Forfeiture of Ten Shillings may be recovered and enforced by the Ways and Means herein, arter appointed for the Recovery of any other of the Penalties or Forfeitures imposed by this Act.

L. And be it further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear that, for the more effectually putting this Act in Execution, a Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors is necessary to be held, it shall be lawful for any Five or more of the said Proprietors, who shall each of them be possessed of or entitled unto Three Shares or Subscriptions of One hundred Pounds each or upwards at the least in the said Undertaking, to caufr Ten Day s Notice at the least to be given thereof in some Newspaper nfually circulating in the said County of Gloucester, or by giving to each Proprietor, or leaving at his or her jusual Place of Abode, a Notice m Writing signed by such Proprietors, or by the Clerk to the [Lee. y Per.] 5 G said

General Af-lemblies for choosing Committees to consist of One Hundred and Twenty Shares.

AtTemblies of Proprietors may be specially convened.

39+ 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

said Company of Proprietors for the Time being, or in such other Manner as the said Company of Proprietors shall at any General Assembly dbeft or appoint, specilying in such Notice the Reason and Intention of requiting such Special AITmbly, and the Time when and Place where the same shall be held; and the said Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet in pursuance of such Notice, and such of them as shall be present shall proceed to the Execution of the Powers by this Act given to the said Company, with respect to the Matters so specifi. d only and all such Acts of the Proprietors, or the major Part of them met together at every such Spe. cial General Assembly (provided such major Part shall be pofllffed of at least One Hundred and Twenty Shares or Subscriptions of One Hundred Pounds each in the said Undertaking, either as Principals or Proxies) shall be as valid with respect to the Matters specified in such Notice, as if the fame had been done at a General Assembly at the Time herein-before appointed for holding the same.

osetrs to

LI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said toebe°n'P<n7 Company of Proprietors, at any General Meeting assembled, and they are appointed. hereby required, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint a Treasureror Treasurers and Clerk, and such other Officers as they shall think proper, and shall take sufficient Security from every such Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk and other Officer, having the Care or Custody of any Money to be raised or received by virtue of this Act, for the due Execu-tution of his Office, as the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper, and from Time to Time to remove and again to replace any such Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or other Officer, or any of them, and such Clerk shall attend the General Meetings and Assembiies of the said Company of Proprietors and the Meetings of the said Committee, and shall, in a proper Book or Books to be provided for that Purpose, enter and keep a true and petfrft Account of the Names and Places of Abode of the several Proprietors of the said Undertaking, and of the (evera! Persons who shall from Time to Time become Owners and Proprietors, or entitled to any Share or Shares therein, and of all the Acts, Proceedings, and Transactions of the said Company of Proprietors and of the said Committee by virtue of and under the Authority of this Act; and that every Proprietor of the said Undertaking shall and may at all convenient Times have Recourse to and peruse and inspect the fame, and also the Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk of the said Commissioners gratis, and may demand and have Copies thereof or any Part thereof, paying Sixpence for every One hundred Words so to be copied; and if any such Clerk shall refuse to permit any of the said Proprietors to inspect or peruse any such Books at all convenient Times and Ssafons, or refule to make any such Copy ot Copies in a resfonab'e Time at the Rate aforesaid, he shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, for the Benefit of the said Undertaking $ and whenever any such Treasurer or Clerk shall die, or be removed from or quit the Service of the said Company of Proprietors, it shall be lawful for the Committee of such Proprie tors for the Time being, or the Majority of them, to appoint feme other fit Person or Persons to be Treasurer or Clerk in the place of him or them so dying, being removed or quitting the said Service, until the then next General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, when such Appointment shall be confirmed, or another Treasurer or Clerk shall be nominated and appointed in his or their Stead.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23. 395

Elf. And be it further enacted, That the Committee for the Time being Committeeth' of the said Company of Proprietors, shall have Power from Time to Time f0" making to make such Call or Calls for Money from the Proprietors of the said Calls. Undertaking, to defray the Expences of and to carry on the fame, as they shall from Time to Time find necessary for those Purposes, I'o that no such Gall do exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds upon each Share, and so as no Calls be made but at the Diltance of One Calendar Month at the lead from each other, which Monies so called for shall be paid to such Person and Perlons, and in such Manner as the said Committee shall from Time to Time appoint and direct, for the Use of the said Undertaking; and such Committee shall, until the next General Assembly to be holden in M inner aforesaid, meet at such Times and at such Places, and from Time 10 Time adjourn themselves to such other Time as they shall think fit; and at all Meetings of the said Committee, one of the Members present shall be appointed President or Chairman, and all Questions, Matters, and Things which shall be proposed, difeuffed, or cor.fidered at such Meeting, shall be finally determined by the Majority of Votes; but no Member of such Committee, although he may be a Proprietor ot many Shares in the said Undertaking, shall have more than one Vote in the said Committee, except the President or Chairman, who, in case of 211 equal Division, shall always have a second and the calling Vote-, and in order to defray the Expences of Expence of the Meeting of the said Committees, it shall be lawful for l

the said Committees, and they are hereby allowed to expend or retain to themselves a reasonable Sum of Money, out of the capital Stock of the said Proprietors, for their Expences in attending such Meeting, not exceeding Ten Shillings and Sixpence for each Committee-man attending each Meeting-, and the said Committee shall have Power and Authority to direct and manage all the Afiaiisof the said Company of Proprietors, as well in buying and purchasing Lands and Hereditaments and Materials for the Use of the said Undertaking and Works, as in employing, ordering and directing the Works and Workmen, and in placing and displacing Under Officers, Clerks, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, and in making all Contracts and Bargains touching the said Undertaking, so that no Purchase, Bargain, or other Matter be done or transaChd without the Concurrence of a Majority of the said Committee as aforesaid then assembled; and all and every Owner or Owners of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pay his, her, or their Shares and Proportions of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum aforesaid for every Share, at such Time and Place as aforesaid, of wich Twenty Days Notice at lealt shall be given, by publishing the fame in someone such Newspaptr as aforesaid, or by giving Notice in Writing to such Proprietor, or leaving the fame at his or her usual or lait Place ot Abode, or in such other Manner as the said Company rf Proprietors shall at any General Assembly direct or appoint; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refule to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share of the said Money, to oe called for by the First Call to be made by virtue of this Act, at the Time and Place appointed as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sue for and recover the fame in any of His Majesty's Courts ot Record, by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more titan on Imparlance, shall be allowed j and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their lateable or proportionable Part or Share of the said Money, to be called 4 for

396 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 13.

for after the first Call as aforesaid, at the Time and Place so appointed as aforesaid, he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings for every One Hundred Pounds of h'S, her, or their respective Share or Shares in the said Undertaking •, and in case such Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their rateable or proportionable Part or Share of the said Money to be called for as aforesaid, for the Space of Three Calendar Months after the Time appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, and at the Place so to be appointed for Payment thereof as aforesaid, then he, she, or they so neglecting or refusing shall forfeit his, her, or their respective Share and Shares in the said Undertaking, and all the Profit and Benefit thereof, and all Money advanced by him, her, or them, to and for the TJfe and Benefit of the other Proprietors of the said Undertaking; and all such Forfeitures shall be sold at a public Sale by the said Company of Proprietors for the mod Money that can be gotten for the fame, and the Produce thereof shall be equally divided amongst the rest of the said Company of Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Shares and Interests in the said Undertaking.

Subscribtrs to

LIII. Provided always, That no Advantage shall be taken of the have Notice Forfeiture of any Share or Shares of the said Undertaking, until Notice shirt'are' r shall be given by the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Company to the forfeited- Owner or Owners thereof, or Notice in Writing left at his, her, or their usual or last Place of Abode, nor unless the same shall be declared to be forfeited at some General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, which shall be held after the end of Two Calendar Months after the Forfeiture shall happen to be made; and every such Forfeiture shall be an Indemnification and Discharge to and for every Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting, after such Share or Shares shall have been deemed to be forfeited by a General Affenbly, but not before, against all Actions, Suits, or Prosecutions whatsoever, to be commenced or prosecuted for any Breach of Contract or other Agreement between such Proprietor or Proprietors so forfeiting, and the rest of the Proprietors with regard to carrying on the said Undertaking.

Directing the

LIV. And be it further enacted, That in any Action to be brought hfthe'A&ons by fa'd Company of Proprietors against any Owner or Owners of any for Calls. Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, to recover any Sum or Sums of Money due and payable to the said Company of Proprietors, for or by reason of any Call or Calls made by virtue of this Act, it shall be sufficient for the said Company of Proprietors to declare and allege that the Defendant or Defendants, being a Proprietor or Proprietors ol such or so many Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, is or are indebted to the said Company of Proprietors in such Sum or Sums of Money as the Call or Calls in arrear shall amount unto, for such or so many Call or Calls of such or so many Sum or Sums of Money upon such or so many Share or Shares belonging to the said Defendant or Defendants (as the Case may happen to be) whereby an Action hath accrued to the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Act, without setting forth the Special Matter; and on the Trial of such Action it shall only be necessary to prove, that the Defendant or Defendants at the Time of making such Call or Calls was or were a Proprietor or Proprietors of some Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and that such Call or Calls was or were in sass made,

J and

397

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

and that such Notice thereof was given as is direct-J by this Act, without p oving the appointment of the Committee who made such Call or Calls, cr any other Matter whatsoever; and the said Company ot Proprietors <l'a 1 be thereupt n entitled to recover what shall appear due, unless it (hill appear that any such Call exceeded the Sum of Ten Pounds for every such Sum of One Hundred Pounds, or was made within the Dif-rance of One Calendar Month (rom the last preceding Call, or without Notice given as aforesaid; and afrer Judgement shall be given for the said Company of Propretors in any such Action, Execution shall not be flayed by reason of any Writ of Error brought by the Defendant or Defendants therein, unless such Defendant or Defendants, with Two sufficient Sureties, shall first become bound to the said Company by Recognizance, to be acknowledged in the Court in which such Judgement shall be given, in double the Sum adjudged to the said Company by such Judgement, to prosecute the said Writ of Error with Effefl; and alf >, if the said Judgement he affirmed, or the said Writ of Error be non-prossed, to satisfy ai d pay the Debt, Damages and Costs adjudged by the said Judgements, and all Costs and Damages to be awarded for delay of Execution.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Committee to nominate and appoint out of their own Body one or more Sub-Committee or Sub Committees (every such Sub-Committee to confill ot Five er more Persons) who shall have full Power and Authority to enter into and make any such Contrails or Agreements on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors as aforesaid, and to hire and employ any Agents, Workmen, or Servants in and about the said Undertaking, and to do, execute, and perforin all other Matters and Things whatsoever in and about the said Undertaking, which the said Committee are themselves herein-before authorized to do, or such of them as the said Committee shall think proper toentrufl to the Care and Management of any Sub-Committee or Sub-Committees, save and except nevertheless the appointing of Clerks, Collectors, Engineers, Surveyors, and other principal Officers, and the auditing and settling of the Accounts of the Trea-iurer or Treasurrrs, Clerks, Collectors, Engineers, Surveyors and other principal Officers, and the making Calls for Money upon the Proprietors of the said Undertaking; and that it shall be lawful for the said Committee for the Time being to order and direct such Compensation or Recompence to be made to the said Sub Committee or Sub-Committees, from Time to Time, as they shall think reasonable; and it shall also be lawful for the said Committee, by an Order or Resolution for that Purpose, to break up and dissolve any such Sub-Committee or Sub-Committees, or to remove or displace any Member or Members thereof, and to appoint some other or others in his or their Place and Stead, when and as often as such Committee shall think proper and eepedient; and such Sub-Committees shall have full Power and Authority to meet from Time to Time, and adjourn from Place to Place, as they shall think proper, and as Occasion fiiull require, for eflcCtuating the Purpose« aforesaid; and all Powers and Authorities hereby veiled, or which shall by the said Committee be veiled in any such Sub-Committee or Sub-Committees, within the Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall and may be exercised by the major Part of the Members prcl’ent a; their respective Meetings, the whole Number present not being less \_Loc. xst Per.] 5 H than

Committee may tpp.int Sti b-Committee , with sower to make Contract, etc.

3°8

x At ■'Tectinf# cr ub-Com-n trees, Cluirm in to be appointed.

Committee to »e under Centro ill of Cmoral Affeinblies.

Booki of Account to be kept.

On the Death of Subscriber3 before Share* completed, Executors may complete the same.

4.9* GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

than T! rce; and at all Meetings of such Sub Committees respectively, one or the Members present {halt be appointed President or Chairman, and all Quctions shall be decided by the Majority of Votes, and the President or Chairman shall have the calling Vote in case of an equal Division, although he may have given one Vote before.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That such Committee shall from Time to Time make Reports of their Proceedings to, and be subject to the Examination and Controul of the said General and Special Assemblies of the said Proprietors as aforesaid, and shall pay due Obedience to all such OrCers and Dirt&ions in and about the Premises as shall from Time to Time be . made by the said Proprietors at any such General or Special Assembly, such Orders and Directions not being contrary to any express Directions or Provinons in this Act contained.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That proper Books of Accounts and other Matters relating to the said Undertaking shall be kept, and that all such Books shall be deposited and kepe under the Direction of the Committee for the Time being, ac such Place or Places as the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time direct; and every Proprietor or Proprietors at all reasonable Times shall have free Acctf* to the fame for his, her, or their Inspection, without Fee or Reward.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners of any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall happen 10 die before such Call or Calls shall have been made for the full Sum to be advanced on any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall have been polled" d of or entitled to, without having made Provision by Will or otherwise, how and in what Manner such Share or Shares shall be disposed of, and how or by what Means the future Calls in respect thereof shall be paid co the said Company of Proprietors for the Purpose of the said Undertaking, then and in such Case the Execucois or Administrators of any such Owner so dying, cr the Tiullee or Trullees, Committee or Committees of any Lunatic or Lunatics, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or of any other Person or Persons entitled to the Estate and Effects of such deceased Owner, shall be indemnified against all and every such Infant or Infants, and against all and every Person or Persons whomsoever, for or on Account of his, her, or their having paid any Sum or Sums of Money when called for as aforesaid to complete every such Subscription; and if such deceased Owner or Owners shall not h ive less Affcts sufficient, or in case the Executors or Administrators, Trustee or Trustees, Committee or Commitcees, Guardian or Guardians, shall refulcor neglrdt co answer such Calls, the said Company of Proprieto* s shall be and they are hereby authorized and required to admit any other Person or Persons to be a Proprietor or Proprietors of the Share or Shares of such deceased Owner or Owners, on Condition that he, she, or they so admitted do and shall, on or before such Admissions, pay to the Executors or Administrators of such deceased Owner or Owners, or to the Trustee or Trustees, Guardian or Guardians of any Infant or Infants, or to any other Person or Persons who shall or may be entitled to his, her, or their Effedb, the full Sum or Sums of Money which shall have been paid by such Owner or Owners in his, her, or their Lifetime, by virtue of any Call or Calls or otherwise upon such Share or Shares cr such other Sum or Sums of Money as the fame can be sold for; and

» in

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23. 399

•.n case no PeTon or Pet fans (h li br found who is or are willing to be admitted on such Condition as afarelaul, th n and in such Case such Share or Shares Ih.dl he so; teir< d to and become vested in the rest i f the said Company of Pr prirtors, in T uft for ard for the equal Benefit of all the rest of the said Proprietors in Proportion to their n fp fttve Interests in the iaid Undertaking, and shall be subject to be sold and d.spafed of in like Marner as other forfeited Shaies may be fold and disposed of by virtue of this Act.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the several SH?,rc« may be Proprietors of the said Undertaking, and his, her, or their tefpedlive fold' Executors or Administrators, to sell and dispose of any Share or Shares to whkh lie, she, or they may be entitled therein, subject to the Rules and Conditions herein mentioned and provided; and the Form of Conveyance for such Sales shall be in the following Words or to the like Eff dt (varying the Names and Descriptions of the contracting Parties, as the Case may require):

* T 15. in Consideration of paid to Form of Con-

* me by C.D. do hereby grant, bargain, fell, and transfer unto the ve5'incc*

c f id C.D. Share or Shares fur the Case may be] of the

* Undertaking called The Gloucester and Cheltenham Railway, to hold to ‘ him the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, subject to ‘ the same Rules, Orders, and Restrictions, and on the fame Conditions

* that I held the fame immediately before the Execution hereof: And I

* the said C.D. do hereby agree to take and accept the said Share or Shares,

* subject to the same Rules, Orders, Restrictions, and Conditions. As

‘ witness our Hands and Seals, the Day of

And on every such Sale the Paid Deed of Conveyance, executed by the Seller or Sellers, and the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Share or Shares, shall be kept by the said Purchaser or Purchasers, for his, her, or their Security, after the Clerk for the Time being to the said Company of Proprietors shall have entered in the said Books a Memorial of such Transfer and Sale, to be kept for the Use of the said Company of Proprietors, and have testified and indorsed the Entry of such Memorial on the Dee.l of Sale or Transfer, for which no more than One Shilling shall be paid; and the said Clerk is hereby required to make such Entry or Memorial accordingly, and unless and until such Memorial shall have been made and entered as above directed, such Purchaser or Purchasers shall have no Part of the Profits of the said Undertaking, nor any Interest for such Share or Shares paid unto him, her, or them, or any Vote as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Undertaking.

LX. And be it further crafted. That after any Call for such Money After a call, shall have been made by such Committees as aforesaid, no Person or Per- »o share*<? Tons shall fell or transfer any Share or Shares which he, she, or they shall after the Call possess in the said Undertaking, upon the Penaby of forfeiting his, her, or be answered. their respective Share or Shares therein to the said Company of Proprietors in Trust for the Benefit cf all the said Proprietors, unless' he, she or they at the Time of such Sale or Transfer, shall have paid and discharged to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors the whole and entire Sum of Money which shall have been called for upon each Share so fold or trans-

8 ferred,

400

For grAnting new Deeds when old ones are destroyed or worn out.

Proof to be giren of Title

to Shares acquired by Marriage or by Will, or Letters of A dm mftrj? tion.

49° GEORG 11 HI. Cap. 23.

ferred, such Forfeiture r.evertheless so b notified and dec.a ed at a General Assembly in Manner before direchd.

I.XI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the D ed' for or re-

specling the Snares of the said Compa y of Proprietors shall be worn out or damaged, then upon the fame being brought anJ shewn at fame General Afiemfly of the said Company of Proprietors, such D eJs may be camelled and destroyed, and other similar Deeds «iven under the Seal of the said Company of Proprietors to the Person or Persons in whom the Proper y of such Deeds and the Shares therein mentioned, shall be at any 1 mne veiled j or in case such Deeds shall be burnt or totally destroyed, that then, upon due Proof th- re of, like Deeds shall be given to the Person or Persons who were the Owner or Owners cf, or entided to such Deeds so burnt or def troyed, so as that a due Entry of the Transfer of such Deed or Deeds (if any such have been made) shall have b-en entered by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors in Manner herein direcded.

LXII. And whereas much Inconvenience may arise by the frequent Transfer of Shares in the said Undertaking by the Marriage and Death of Proprietors, and it may be difficult to ascertain to whom the Dividends arising or becoming due upon such Shares ought to be pa'd and do belong; be it therefore further enabled, That before any Person or Persons who shall claim any Part or Share of tire Profits of the said Undertaking, by virtue of his, her, or their Marriage or Marriages, shall be entitled to receive the same, an Affidavit containing a Copy of the Register of such Marriage, shall be made and fiworn to by some credible Person before a Judge in One of II s Majesty’.-. Courts of Record at Westminster or before a Master or Masters Extraordinary in Chancery, or One of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, and shall be transmitted to the Clerk for the Time being of the said Company of Proprietors who shall file the fame, and make an Entry thereof in the Book, or Books which shall be kept by him for the entering of Transfers of Shares in the said Undertaking; and that before any Person or Persons who fnaii claim any Part or Share of the Profits of the said Undertaking, by virtue of any Bequest or Will, or of any Letters of Administration, shah be entitled to receive the same, the said Will, or the Probatc Copy thereof, or such Letter's of Administration, shall be produced and shewn to the Law Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, or an Affidavit, containing a Copy of so much of such Will as shall relate to the Slure or Shares of the Teliato; or Testatrix, or a Copy of the said Letters of Administration, in case the Proprietor shall have died intestate, and a Copy of lo much as aforesaid of such Will and Letters of Administration, in case Administi ation shall have been granted, with the Will annexed, shall be made and fworu to by the Executor or Executors of such Will, or by the Administrator or Administrators of the Eftace and.Effects of the Proprietor dying intestate, or to whom Administration shall be granted, with the Will annexed (as the Case may happen to be) before a judge of one of His Majest)’s Courts of Record at Westminster, or a Master or Alafters Extraordinary in Chancery, or one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and dial I be transmitted to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, who shall file and enter the fame in manner afurt said.

j

: j k. vir z.fluff i: . > t.-

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 23.

LXIII. And, in Consideration of the great Charge and Expence which the fame Company of Proprietors mud incur and fullain in making and maintaining the Did Railway or Tramroad, Collateral Branch, and other the Works hereby authorized to be made and maintained, be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Paid Company of Proprietors, from Time to T'me and at all Times hereafter, to alk, demand, take, recover, and receive, to and for the Use and Benefit of the said Company of Proprietors, for the Tonnage of all Goyxis, Wares, Merchandizes, and other Things which shall be carried or conveyed upon the said Railway or Tramroad, and Collateral Branch or upon any Part thereof, the Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned •, (that is to say).

For all Stone for the Repairs of any Turnpike Roads or other public Roads or Highways (other than for the Repairs of the Turnpike Road leading from the City of Gloucester to ihe Town of Cheltenham) and all Manure, such Sum as the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time direfr and appoint, not exceeding the Sum of One Penny per Ton per Mile:

For all Coal, Coke, Culm, Stone, Cinders, Chalk, Marl, Sand, Lime, Clay, Allies, Peat, Limestone, Ironstone and other Minerals, Building Stone, Pitching and Paving Stone, Bricks, Piles, Slates, l imber, Lead in Pigs or Sheets, Bar Iron, Waggon Tire, and all grass er unmanufactured Articles and Building Materials, such Sum as the said Company ©(Proprietors shall from Time to Time direct and appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Three-pence per Hon per Mile:

And for all other Goods, Commodities, Wares and Merchandizes (except as after mentioned) such Sum as the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time direct and appoint, not exceeding the Sum of Sixpence per Ton per Mile.

Provided, That all Stone for the Repairs of the prefrnt Turnpike Road leading from the City of Gloucester ro the Town of Cheltenham, or for the Repairs of any Turnpike Road which may hereafter be made between those Places, shall be carried along the said Railway or Tramroad, free of Tonnage; but that such Exemption shall not extend to Stone which may be carried along the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch for the making of any new Turnpike Road: And in all Cafes where there shall be a Fraflion of a Ton, a Proportion of the said Rates shall be demanded and taken for such Fraction, according to the Number of Quarters of a Ton contained in such Fradion; and where there shall be a Fraclion of a Quarter of a Ton, such Fraction shall be deemed and considered as a whole Quarter of a Ton; and in all Cafes where there shall be a Fraction of a Mile in the Distance which any Waggon, Cart or other Carriage shall pass upon the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch, the Tonnage which shall be demanded and taken shall be after the Rate of the Number of Half Miles which the said Waggon, Cart or other Carriage shall have passed; and where there shall be a Fraction of Half a Mile, such Fra&ion shall be deemed and considered as Half a Mile; and in order to ascertain such Distances, the said Company of Proprietors shall cause the said Railway to be measured, and Stones or Polls with proper Inscriptions to be erected and for evtr maintained on the Sides of the fame, ac the Distance of Half a Mile from each [Lac. Ss5 Per.] 5 I other.

401

Rates of Tormag*.

Stone for Repair of Gloucester Road to go free of Tonnage.

402

Distancei for which Tonnage may be taken.

Recovery of Rates,

Company empowered to lease the Rates.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

other, or at such other Distance as the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee shall think fit: Provided, that the said Com-piny of Proprietors shall not demand or take Tonnage for the passing along the said Railway or Tramroad for any greater Distance than for Eight Miles and a Half, nor for passing along the said Railway and Collateral Branch for any greater Distance than for Ten Miles and Three Quarters of a Mile.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Rate of Tonnage herein authorized to be demanded and taken, shall be paid to such Person or Persons, at such Place or Places, at, upon, or near the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch, in such Manner and under such Regulations as the said Company of Proprietors, at some General or Special Assembly or Assemblies shall direct or appoint; and in case of Refusal or Neglect of Payment of such Rates, or any Part thereof, on Demand to the Person or Persons appointed to receive the same as aforesaid, the said Company of Proprietors may fu? for the fame by Action of Debt, or upon the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record; or the Person or Persons to whom such Rate of Tonnage ought to have been paid may, and he or they is or are hereby authorized to seize the Goods or other Things for or in respect whereof any such Rate of Tonnage ought to have been paid, or any Part thereof, and the Horse, Cattle, Waggon, or other Carriage laden therewith, and detain the fame until such Payment shall be jnade, and also until Payment of all Arrears of any Rates which may be due from the Owner or Owners of such Horse, Cattle, Waggon, or other Carriage, as the Case mayjbe, to the said Company of Proprietors, together with the reasonable Charges for such Seizure and Detention; and if such Goods shall not be redeemed within Five Days next after the taking thereof, the same shall be appraised and sold as the Law directs in Cafes of Distress for Rent; and the said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power, from Time to Time, at any General Assembly, to lower or reduce all or any of the said Rates and Tolls, and again to raise the same as they shall think proper, not exceeding the Rate of Tonnage herein mentioned, as often as ic shall be deemed necessary for the Interest of the said Undertaking.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, at any of their General Affem blies, by Writing under their Common Seal, at any Time or Times to let to farm the Rates and Tolls hereby made payable, or any Part or Parts thereof, upon the whole or any Part or Parts of the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch, unto any Person or Persons, for any Term or Time which they shall think proper, not exceeding Three Years from the Commencement of any Lease; and every such Lease shall be valid and effectual, and the Lessee or Lessees thereof, and also such Person or Persons as such Lessee or Lessees shall appoint to collect and receive the Rates and Tolls so let, shall, during the Continuance of any such Lease, be deemed Collectors of the Rates so let, but for the proper Use of such Lessee or Lessees, and shall have the fame Power and Authority for collecting and recovering the fame, as if they had been appointed for that Purpose by the said Company of Proprietors; provided public Notice of the Intention to let the said Rates and 3 Tolls,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

Tolls, or any Part thereof, be given in Writing by the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, or by the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, by Advertisement published in such Newspaper, or by Notice to such Proprietors as aforesaid, at lealt Twenty-one Days prior to any such General Assembly, at which the said Rates and Tolls or any Part thereof are proposed to be let as aforesaid.

LXVI. And, for better ascertaining and more easily col letting the said Rates and Tolls, be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons having the Care of any Waggon or other Carriage passing upon the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch, or any Part thereof, shall give an exact and true Account in Writing, signed by him or them, to the Collectors of the said Rates and Tolls, at the Place or Places where they shall attend for that Purpose, of what Quantity of Goods or other Things as aforesaid shall be in such Waggon or other Carriage, and with respect to such Waggon or other Carriage from whence brought, and where the same are intended to be unloaded or left; and in case any Person shall neglect or refuse to give such Account, or to produce his Bill of Lading to any such Collector demanding the lame, or shall give a false Account, or shall deliver any Part of his Lading or Goods at any other Place than what is or are mentioned in such Account, with an Intent to avoid the Payment of the said Rates and Tolls or any Part of them, he shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings for every Ton of Goods and other Things, and so in proportion for any less Quantity than a Ton, which shall be in such Waggon or other Carriage, of which such Account shall be so refused to be given, or which shall be fraudulently delivered out as aforesaid, as the Case shall happen to be, over and above the respective Rates and Tolls directed to be paid for the same by virtue thereof.

LXVII. And, for the better ascertaining the Tonnage of Goods and other Things, to be charged with the Payment of such Rate as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That One hundred and twelve Pounds Weight shall, for the Purposes of this Act, be deemed, rated, or estimated as for One hundred Weight; any Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Difference shall arise between any Collector of the said Rates and Tolls, and the Owner or Person having the Charge of any Waggon or other Carriage, or the Owner of any Goods or other Things, it shall be lawful for any such Collector to Hop and detain any such Waggon or other Carriage, and to weigh or cause to be weighed such Waggon or other Carriage, and all such Goods and other Things as shall be therein respectively contained; and in case the fame shall, upon such weighing, appear to be of greater Weight or Quantity than what is set forth and contained in the Account given thereof as aforesaid, then the Owner or Person giving in such Account shall pay the Costs and Charges of such weighing, all which said Costs and Charges, upon Refusal of Payment thereof upon Demand, shall and m >y be recovered and levied by such Ways and Means and in such Manner as the said Rates and Tolls are hereby appointed to be recovered and levied; but if such Goods or other Things shall appea to be of the fame or less Weight

or

403

Notice of the intention to let the same to be given.

Matters of Waggons, Uc. to give an Account in Writing, of Lading.

Weight of T onna.;e ascertained.

If any Differences concerning Weight, Collectors may weigh or measure Waggons.

404

T’afljge on the

Railway, etc. to be free, upon Payment of Rates of Tonnage.

Railway not to be used as a Passage for Horses or other Cattle.

No Waggon to pass on Railway, unless properly constructed.

490 Gli O RGII III. Cap. 23.

or Quantity than the same shall by such Account appear to be of, then the said Collector shall piy the Costs and Charges of such weighing, and also pay to such Owner or Person, or to the Owner or Owners of such Goods or other Things, such Damages as shall appear to the said Commidioners, on the Oath of any credible Witnesses (all which Oaths any One of the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to administer) to have arisen from such Detention; and in Default of immediate Payment thereof by the Collector, the same shall be recovered from the said Company of Proprietors by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in such other Manner as any of the Penalties or Forfeitures hereby imposed upon the said Company of Proprietors, their Agents, Servants, or Workmen, may be recovered and levied by virtue of this Act.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons shall have free liberty to pass upon and use the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch, with Carts, Waggons, or other Carriages properly construded as herein-after mentioned; and to employ the said Wharfs and Quays, for loading and unloading such Goods and other Things upon Payment only of such Rates and Tolls as shall be demanded by the said Company of Proprietors, not exceeding the respective Sums herein mentioned, and subject to the Rules and Regulations which shall be from Time to Time made by the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of the Powers herein granted.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ride, lead, or drive, or cause to be rode, led, or driven upon such Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch, or any Part thereof, any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, or shall lead or drive, or cause to be led or driven thereon any Cow or other neat Cattle, Sheep, Swine, or any other Bead or Animal (except only in eroding the fame at Places to be appointed for that Purpose, and for the necessary Occupation of the respective Farms through which the fame Railway or Collateral Branch may be laid), he, she, or they shall forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall pass upon any Part of the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch with any Waggon or other Carriage whatsoever, unless the same shall be construded according to the Orders and Regulations of the said Company of Proprietors, which Orders and Regulations shall be affixed upon a conspicuous Part of every Toll House erected on such Railway or Tramroad for collecting the Rates of Tonnage by this Act imposed (except in eroding the fame for the convenient Occupation of the adjacent Grounds, and in pading any public or private Carriage Road which may hippen to cross the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch), and that if any Personor Persons shall pass upon any Part of the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch, with any Cart, Waggon, or Carriage not construded in the Manner by this Act directed (except as before excepted) he, she, or they so odending, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum rot exceeding 1 en Pounds to the said Company of Proprietors.

LXXII. And,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23, 46

LXXII. And, for the better Regulation of the Owners of Waggbns and Owners: to other Carriages and others employed by or under them respectively. and ^mVs'oii for the more eaiy Detection of any Thing by them done contrary to the outride their Directions of this Act, be it further enacted, That every Owner of any v'-‘cS01!5-Waggon or other Carriage passing along the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch, shall cause his or her Name and Piace of Abode, and the Number of his or her Waggon or other Carriage, to be entered with the Clerk to the said Com} any of Proprietors, and shall all'o cause such Name and Number to be painted in large White Capital Letters and Figures on a Black Ground, Three Inches high at the lead, and a proportionable breadth, on some conspicuous Part of the Outside of every such Wsggon or other Carriage, and shall permit and suffer every such Waggon or other Carriage to be gauged or measured at the Expence of the said Companyot Proprietors, whenever it shall be required by them, or any Person or Persons appointed for that Purpose, provided that no Inch Waggon or other Carriage shall be gauged or measured more than Four Times in any one Year; and every Owner of any Waggon or other Carriage which shall pass on any Part of the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch, without having such Name, Figures, and Index thereon as herein-before directed, and every Person who shall alter, erase, deface or destroy the fame or any Part thereof, or who shall refuse to permit and suffer the same to be gauged and measured, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds to the said Company of Proprietors.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Owners cf owners of every Waggon or other Carriage passing upon the said Railway or Tram- Waggon^ road or Collateral Branch, shall be and is hereby made answerablefor any Damages, Damage, Spoil, or Mischief which llrall be done by his, her, or their Waggon or other Carriage, or any of the Waggoners or other Persons belonging to or employed in or about the lame respectively, unto the Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch and other Works to be made by virtue hereof, or by loading or unloading any Waggon or other Carriage, or for any Trespass or Damage that shall or may be done to the Owners or Occupiers of any Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or other Property adjoining or lying near to the fame, or any of them, or any other Trespass whatsoever; and the said Owner or Owners of such Waggon or other Carriage shall, for every such Damage, upon Conviction of such Person or Persons before any One Justice of the Peace, either by the Con-session of the Party or Parties offending, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath or Oaths such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer) pay to the Person or Persons injured, the Damages to be ascertained by such Justice, provided such Damages do not exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, and also shall, over and above such Damages, forfeit and pay to the Informer any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending such Conviction; which Damages, Penalties, and Colls, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Owner or Owners of such Waggon or other Carriage, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, and the Overplus (if any) after such Penalty, Damages, and the Costs and Charges cf such Distress and Sale have been deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; or if the said Damages shall [Lac. & Per.\ $ K exceed

4c6 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

exceed the Sum of Five Pounds, then and in such Case the Owner or Owners of such Waggon or other Carriage shall and may be prosecuted for the fame in any Court of Record at Westminster, and if a Verdict pass against him or her, or Judgement be given against him or her upon Demurrer or by Default, the Plaintiff in such Case shall recover his Damages thereby sustained, with full CoflsofSuit.

Owners tore. LXXIV, Provided always, That in case the Owner or Owners of any cover back Waggon or other Carriage as aforesaid, shall be compelled to pay any Servants any Penaby or make Satisfaction for any Damage, by reason of any wilful Sums paid for Neglect: or Default of his, her, or their Servant or Servants, such Ser-wDefauk*41 vant or bervants ^al1 be bab,e to rePay such Penalty or Satisfaction to such Owner or Owners; and in case of Non-payment upon Demand thereof, and Oath made by such Owner or Owners of the Payment by him, her, or them of such Penalty or Satisfaction, and that the fame hath not been repaid to him, her, or them by such Servant or Servants, although demanded (such Oath to be made before any Justice of the Peace for the County or Place in which such Penalty was incurred) the fame Penalty and Satisfaction shall be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Servant, together with all Costs and Charges attending such Distress and Sale; and the said Penalty and Satisfaction, when recovered, shall be paid to such Owner or Owners in discharge of such Penalty and Satisfaction so by him or them paid, for the wilful Neglect or Default of such Servant or Servants as aforesaid; and in case no sufficient Distress can be had, such Justice shall and is hereby required to commit such Servant to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

Company or

LXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Waggon or other Car-rcguUtet'be10 r'aSe fba'l be placed or suffered to remain in any Part of the said Railway Patiage on the or Trainroad or Collateral Branch, or other Works, so as to obstruct RaiUay. the Patlage thereof, and the Person having the Care of such Waggon or other Carriage shall not immediately upon Request made remove such Waggon or other Carriage, he shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Shillings for every Hour such Obstruction shall continue after the making of such Request; and it shall be lawful for any Agent or Officer to the said Company of Proprietors to cause any such Waggon or other Carriage to be unloaded if necessary, and to be removed in such Manner as shall be proper foe preventing such Obstruction, and detain such Waggon or other Carriage, and the Loading thereof or any Part of such Loading, until the Charges occasioned by such Removal shall be paid;

Penalty on Person s ob-llruct.n* the ufi- * of the Kail way or Works.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully, maliciously, and to the Prejudice of the said Undertaking, break, throw down, damage, destroy. Ileal, or take away any Part of the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch, or other Works to be erected and made by virtue of this Act, or do any other wilful Hurt or Mischief to obstruct, hinder, or prevent the carrying on, completing, supporting and maintaining the fame, every Person so offending and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall': be subject and liable to the like Pains and *- •' . [ wT Penalties

4°7

49° GEORGII ill. Cop.ly

Penaltirs as in Cafes of Felony; and the Court by and before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person to be punished in like Manner as Felons are directed to be punished by the Laws or Statutes of this Realm, or in Mitigation of such Punishment, such Courts may if they think fit award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petit Larceny, or otherwise every Person so offending, and being thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of one credible Witness, before Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Gloucejkr, shall forfeit any Sum not less than Double the Value of the Damage proved on Oath to be done, at the Discretion of such Justices, such Penalty, together with reasonable Costs, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Offenders, rendering the Overplus (if any) to such Offender, or such Offender shall and may be committed to the Common Gaol for the said County of G'.oucejier, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, at the Discretion of such Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted; provided that nothing herein contained shall extend to any Owner of Land, or his or her known Agent or Agents, till Satisfaction shall have been tendered as herein provided.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro-pTietors shall at their own proper Cc fts and Charges, within Six Calendar Months next after any Part of the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch shall be laid out and formed, at their own Costs and Charges make, ered, and set up, and from Time to Time maintain and support such and so many convenient Gates in and upon the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch, and also all Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, and Passages, over and under or by the Side of the said Railway nr Tramroad and Collateral Branch, of such Dimensions and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall at any of their Meetings from Time to Time judge necessary and appoint, in case there shall be any Dispute about the fame, for the Use of the Owners and Occupiers of the Lands and Grounds through which such Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Eranch shall he made, or for protecting the said Lands and Grounds front Trespass, or the Cattle or other Property of the Owners or Occupiers thereof from eftraying or escaping thereout by reason of such Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch, or any other Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act; and all such Gates, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, and Passages so to be made as aforesaid, shall from Time to Time and at all Times thereafter be supported, maintained, and kept in sufficient Repair and Condition by the said Company of Proprietors; and in case the said Company of Proprietors shall refuse or neg-lect to make, erect, or set up such Gates, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains, and Passages as herein-before directed, or to maintain and support the fame or any of them when erected, set up, and made in Manner aforesaid, for the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Time to be appointed for those Purposes respectively by the said Commissioners, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for every or any of the Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands or Hereditaments, who (halt find him/elf, herlelf, or themselves aggrieved by such Neglect or Refusal, to make, erect, and set up all such Gates, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains and Passages as the said Commissioners shall have before directed or appointed to be made, erected, and set up as aforesaid, and to maintain, 10 repair.

Company empowered to make and erect Cates, etc under Direction of the Commimonexs.

408 49° GEORGII III. <Cap. 23.

repair, and support the fame from Time to Time as Occafian shall require, so that in making and maintaining such Gates, Arches, Culverts, Ditches Drains, and Passages as aforesaid, the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch, Buildings and other Things hereby authoriz'd to be made or erected by the said Company ot proprietors, (lnl! not be obstructed or injured for any longer Space ot Time, or in any other Man. ner than shall be necessary fur the doing thereof; and all the reasonable Costs and Charges thereof to be settled and allowed by the said Commissioners, shall be repaid to the respective Owners or Occupiers of the said Lands and Hereditaments who shall have so erected and made, repaired or maintained such Gates, Aiches, Culverts, Drains and Passages as aforesaid, by the said Company of Proprietors, within the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the same shall have been so settled and allowed, and an Account and Demand in Writing shall have been delivered and made thereof to and from the said Company of Proprietors, by Delivery of such Account or Demand to the Treasurer or Clerk for the Time being of the said Company of Proprietors; and in default of Payment of the said Costs and Charges within the Time aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the said Costs and Charges by Distress and Sale of any of the Goods and Chattels of the said Company of Proprietors, for the Use of such Person or Persons as shall have recovered such Costs and Charges, rendering to the said Company of Proprietors the Overplus (if any) after deducing the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and Sale, to be settled by the said Commissioners; and every or any of the said Owners or Occupiers, upon Refusal or Neglect by the said Company of Proprietors to pay the said Costs and Charges as aforesaid, shall and may also have such and the like Remedy against them or any of them for the Recovery thereof, by Action at Law to be commenced and prosecuted in such Manner as in other Cafes is by this Act directed.

Owrters of Land! en\-p®wered to erect Gates, etc. on lnpjfficiency of * those erected

by the Company.

LXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands or other Hereditaments through which the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch shall be made, do or shall at any Time or Times hereafter apprehend that any of the Gates, Arches, Culverts, Difches, Drains, and Passages respectively which the said Commissioners shall have so directed or appointed to be made by the said Company of Proprietors, are inefficient either in their Number or Situation for the commodious Use and Occupation of the respective Lands or Hereditaments through which the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch shall pass then and so often and in any such Case it shall be lawful for any such Owners or Occupiers, with the Consent and Approbation of the said Company of Proprietors, upon Request made to 'them, or their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, or in case of their Refusal for the Space of Fourteen Days next after such Request, then with the Consent and Approbation of the said Commissioners, to make fix, and erect, at their own Costs and Charges, any other Gates, Aiches Culverts, Ditches, Drains or Passages of the lame or like Conltrudion or Form with those made and ere fled by the said Company of Proprietors, in, upon, along or near to the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Brandi, in such Places as shall be found and adjudged most necessary and convenient for the better Use, Cultivation, Improvement or Occupation

- of

49° GEORG It III. Cap. 23. 4^9

of such Lands or Hereditaments, and to repair and support the Tame at their own Costs and Charges as Occasion shall require, so that the Paffige throigh or along the Did Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Blanch, be not prevented or obstructed thereby for any longer Sp ce of Time, or in any other Manner than the fame would necessarily have been if such Gates, Arches, Culverts, Ditches, Drains and Passages had been made or e reded by the said Company of Proprietors: Provided always, that it Owners and shall be lawful for the Owners and Occupiers of the respective Lands or Grounds through which the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Railways Branch shall be made, and his and their Servants and Workmen, Cattle and Carriages, at all limes to pass and repass over, upon, and across such Part of the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch as shall be made in and upon the said Lands or Grounds respectively, not damaging or obstructing the fame, or the Passage thereof, without Payment of any Toll or Tonnage for the fame, provided they shall not pass along any other Part of the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch.

LXXIX. Provided also, and be it further erafled, That nothing herein contained shall extend to prevent the Owners and Occupiers of the re- Lands ad-spective Lands or Grounds adjoining the said Railway or Tramroad from joining to the laying down any Collateral Branch or Branches from their respective Lands or Grounds, to communicate with the said Railway or Tramroad, Branches to nor for making, at their own Expence, such Openings in the Ledges or therewith!31* Flanches of the said Railway or Tramrood, as may be necessary or expedient for effecting such Communication; and that the said Company of Proprietors shall not receive any Tonnage for the passing of any Goods,

Wares, and Merchandizes along such Collateral Branch or Branches.

LXXX. Provided always never heirfs, That the said Company of Pro- For fencing prietors shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, at their own ofi Railways, proper Charges after any Land shall be taken for the Use of the said Railway or Tiamroad or Collateral Branch, to divide and separate, and keep constantly divided and separated the lame from the Lands or Grounds adjoining to such Railway or Tiamroad or Collateral Branch, with good and sufficient Polls, Rails, Quickset Hedges, Ditches, Mcunds or other Fences, at their own Colls and Charges, and from Time to Time maintain and support the said Pods. Rails, Hedges, Ditches, Mounds and other Fences so to be made as aforesaid, in case the Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds adjoining to such Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch, or any of them respectively, shall at any Time desire the same to be fenced off, or in case the said Company of Proprietors shall think proper to fence off the fame inlfead of Gates being erected as aforesaid; and the said Company ot Proprietors shall also make and maintain all necessary Gates and Stiles in all such Fences to be made as aforesaid, all such Gates be’ng made to open towards such Lands and Grounds; then and in even such Case the Powers, ProvifipRS, Directions and Regulations herein-before contained, with respect to the Gates and other Works a- aforesaid, shall extend and apply, and be applicable to the making and maintaining of such Pences, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and PuTposes, as if the said Powers, Provisions, Directions and Regulations were now repeated and re-enacted with respect to such Fences.

[Lor. & Per.'] 5 L

4*0

Cm 1-6 to shut and f iltcnvd aft-r V^ aggous shall have pafiVu through them on Penalty of

40

•Lords of Manors may erect Wharfs on their own Lands;

■But if they

refuse when required by the Company, the Company may erect the lame.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 2$.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Per-foils opening any Gate let up across the said Railway or'Iiamroad or Collateral Branch, shall, and he and they is and are hereby directed and required, as soon a' he, she, or they, and the W aggon or other Carri/ge, shall have pafltd through the fame, to (hut and laden the la'd Gate; and every Person neglecting so ro do shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be ;evied and recovered as herein-after mentioned, and the Money arising by such Forfeiture or Forfeitures shall be applied in the Manner following; (that is to fav). One II*!f thereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Township or Parish where such Offence shall be committed.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors, and the Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds near to, through, or by which the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch, or any Part thereof, shall be made, to erect and use any Wharfs, Landing Places, Crane', Weigh Beams, or Warehouses, in or upon his, her, or their respective Walles, Lands, or Grounds, adjoining or near to the said Radway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch, or any of them, and to land any Goods or other Things upon such Whaifs or Landing Places, or upon the Banks lying between the fame and the said Railway or Tramioad and Collateral Branch, cr any Part thereof, except at the Extremity of the said Railway or Tramroad at the Town of, Cheltenham, as herein mentioned; and also to make and use proper and convenient Places for Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages to lie and turn in and pass each other, so that the making or ofing thereof do net obstruct or prejudice the Passage of the said Railway or Tramroad, and Collateral Brancn; and that all Rates or Tolls which shall be paid for the Use of such Wharfs, Landing Places, Cranes, Weigh Beams, and Warthouses respectively, shall be and the same are hereby accordingly vested in the L rd or Lords, Lady or Ladies of such Manors, or the Owner or Owners of such Lands or Grounds, who shall maice and erect the same as aforesaid, and his, her, or their Representatives, so that the Rates and Powers herein granted to the said Company of Proprietors be not hereby reduced, altered or infringed.

LXXXIIT. And be it further enacted, That if any such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Owner or Owners, shall not, within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after Notice given in Writing to him, her, or them, or left at his, her or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode, by or on Behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, signifying that any Part of such Waites, Lands, or Grounds is necessary or proper to be used by them for the Purpose of erecting and making Wharfs, Landing Places, Warehouses and Buildings for the Use of the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch, or for making and laying out necessary and convenient Roads for the Conveyance of Goods to and from the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch, make, erect, and lay out, and from Yime to Time maintain and keep in good and substantial Repair, such proper and sufficient Wharfs and Landing Places, Warehcufes, Buildings and Roads, for the Use of the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch, as the said Commissioners, afftmbied at a Meeting to be held as herein-before 8 mentioned.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23. +> r

mentioned, or the major Part of them, shall think necessary, on the respective Pa t or Parts of the Wades, Lands, and Grounds described in stich Notice then a^d in every or any such Case the said Company of Proprietors shall have full Power and Authority, without any Hindrance or Redraint whatsoever, to make use of such Wades, Lands, or Grounds (not being the Ground whereon any House or other Buil sing (lands, or any G. rden, Orchard, Yard, Park, planted Walk, or any Avenue to any House, except as herein-before mentioned) for erecting and building proper and sufficient Wharfs, Landing Places, Warehouses and Buildings, and making and laying out necessary and convenient Roads to and from the said Railway or Trannoad or Collateral Branch, agreeable to such Notice to be delivered as aforesaid.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That at the Extremity of the said Railway or Tramroad at the Town of Cheltenham, the said Company of wai*hoofei a Proprietors shall and they are hereby required to make, erect, and build, Chelienhim. and maintain and keep in good Repair proper and sufficient Wharfs, Land, ing Places, Warehouses and Buildings adjoining the said Railway or Tramroad, such as the said Commissioners shall think necessary for the Reception of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, passing along the said Railway or Tramroad; and that the said Company of Proprietors shall be paid for the housing of Goods, Wares and Merchandizes in any Ware-house or Warehouses to be so built by them as aforesaid, such Sum as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time fix and determine, the lame not being more than a Penny for every Package not exceeding Fifty-six Pounds Weight; and above Fifty-six Pounds Weight and not exceeding Five hundred Pounds Weight, Two pence; and not more than after the Rate of Sixpence per Ton for any Package exceeding Five Hundred Pounds Weight: Provided, that nothing herein containe i shall p event the Owner or Owners of any Land adjoining the said Railway or Tram-road, at the Ex rentity thereof at the Town of Cheltenham, and which shall not be taken and used by the said Company of Proprietors for the Purposes aforesaid, front making, erecting or building any Wharfs, Landing Places, Cranes, Weigh Beams or Warehouses, in or upon his, her, or their said respective Lands.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro- Compensation prietors shall make Satisfaction for the Lands or Grounds taken and used [° h5 ma|d<: by them for the Purpose of making any such Wharfs, Landing Places, [akcuor Warehouses, Buildings and Roads as aforesaid, in such Manner as is Wareliouiej. herein directed with respect to any other Lands or Grounds which shall be taken or used by the said Company of Proprietors for the Purposes of this Act.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained Regulation* shall authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors, or any other ,*!Pri',>ng Person or Persons, to make use of any harfs. Quays, Landing Places, w'iu,ii. Cranes, Weigh Beams, or Warehouses which shall be set out, erected, or made by the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor, or the Owner or Owners of any Lands or Grounds adjoining or near to the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch, for his, her, or their own private Use only, or to set up, crest or use any Cranes or weighing Machines in or upon any such Wharfs, Quays, or Landing Places, without the

Consent

41* 49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 23.

Consent of such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Owner or Owners* unless such private Wharfs, Quays, Landing Places, Cranes, Weigh Beams or Warehouses shall be erected, without previous Consent in "Writing of the said Company of Proprietors, and they the said Company of Proprietors shall deem the fame necessary for the Purposes of the said Undertaking, in which Cafe the same shall or may be used in the same Manner as if the fame had been set out, erected, or made in pursuance of and for the general Purposes of this Act.

limitin’; the Wha.sage to be taken by Individuals who may erect 'Wharfs.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That no more than the Sum of One Penny per Ton shall be demanded or taken by any such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Land Owner or Owners, who shall make, erect, or build any such Wharfs or Quays, or make or lay out any Roads to and from the said Railway or Tramroad or Collateral Branch, in pursuance of the Notice to be given by or on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, to such Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, Owner or Owners, for that Purpose as aforesaid, or by the said Company of Proprietors themselves, under the Power herein for that Purpose contained (as the Case may be) for the Wharfage of Coals, Culm, Limestone, Clay, Iron, Ironttone, Lead Ore or any other Ores, Timber, Stone, Brick, Tiles, Slates, or Gravel, nor more than Two-pence per Ton for the Wharfage of any other Goods or Things where the lame shall be respectively pLced, ‘and remain upon any such Wharfs or Quays, and shall not continue thereupon for a longer Space of Time than Twenty-one Days: Provided always, that in case any of the said Articles shall be less and temain in and upon any such Wharfs or Quays for the Space of Ten Days over and above the Time hereby limited for the fame respectively, then the Owner or Owners of such Articles lira 11 pay to the Proprietors of such Wha fs or Quays One Penny per Ton for such Ten Days, and One Penny per Ton for every further Day which such Articles shall remain upon such Wharfs or Quays after the Expiration of the said Ten Days: Provided also, that it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to erect, repair, and use any Cranes or Weighing Machines upon any such Wharfs or Quays lad mentioned, for the more convenient loading and unloading and weighing of any such Minerals, or other Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, or Commodities, in case the Proprietors of such Wharfs or Quays shall neglect or refuse to make and erect the fame, for the Space of Three Calendar Months after they shall have received Notice in Writing for that Purpose from the said Company of Proprietors, or when so erected, neglect or refuse to keep the fame in Repair; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

Land Owner.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case to make the the said Company of Proprietors shall neglect, refuse, or decline to lay Branch oown so much of the said Collateral Branch as extends from a certain through their Field in the said Parish of Leckhampton called Upper Gullum Field, beiner »'thr<com-d Number Twenty-four on the said Map or Plan, to the Top of the before-pa, '/neglect mentioned Pliil called Leckhampton Hill, together with all proper inclined to UO it. Planes and Machinery necessary for the working thereof, for the Space of Six Months from and next after the passing of this Act, then and in such Case and fresh thenceforth it shall and may be lawful for the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be seised in Fee of the said Field called Upper Cullum Field, and the said Hill called Lcckl amp ton

Hill,

4i3

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

Hill, and of the several Lands and Grounds lying between the fame Held and Hill, over and through which the Line of the said I ollateral Branch, as laid down in the said Map or Plan, extends, at his and their own proper Costs and Charges to lay down and complete the lame.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time or Times For making hereafter any Person or Persons shall luftain any Damage in I is, her, or their Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or Property by reason of the n t hcreiii-Execution of any of the Powers hereby given, and for which no Remedy is herein-before provided, then and in every such Case the Recompence or Satisfaction 1 or such Damage shall from Time to Time be settled and ascertained in such Manner as herein-before directed in respect to any other Recompence or Satisfaction herein-before mentioned.

XC. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have sub- To compel scribed or who frail hereafter subscribe to advance any Money for or towards subscriptioL. making and maintaining the said Railway or Tramroad and Collateral Branch, and other Works hereby authorized to be made, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money by them respectively subscribed, or such Parts or Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the said Committee, under and by virtue of the Power* and Directions of this Act, at such Times and Places as shall be directed by the said Company of Proprietors or the said Committee in manner before mentioned; and in case tiny Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to pay the fame at the Time and in the Manner required for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to sue for and recover the fame in any Court of Law or Equity.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors Company may shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk for f^n pjanfcC the Time being; and that no Action which may be brought or commenced their Clerk! ° by or against the said Company of Proprietors by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of such their Treasurer or Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Treasurer or Clerk, or by the Act of such Treasurer or Clerk, without the Consent of the Committee for the Time being of the said Company of Proprietors; but the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be: Provided always, that every such Clerk, in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prol'ecuted, or defended, by or on behalf of the said Company of Proprietors, in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid, out of the Monies to arile by virtue of this Act, all such Costs and Charges as by the Event of any such Proceedings he shall be put to or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein.

XCII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That they the said Company not Company of Proprietors shall not, at any Time or Times hereafter, build, warehonfew erect," set up, or make or use any Warehouse, Building, Crane, Weigh- Eng.ne in beam or Engine, Wharf or Landing Place, nor lay down any Collateral ®°h"c,etft^e Branch or Branches of Railway in or upon the Quays or Wharfs of and confcn of the belonging to the City of Gloucester, in the County of the City of Glottcesler, Mayor and [loc. far Per.] 5 M or u'£t ts*

4-H

Railway within the C:ty of Gloocelter to le laid down under the Direction of the "layor and Burgesses, but not contrary to the D rec-t ons of tliie Act

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 21*

or either of them, or in or upon any Place between the fame and the Bason of the Canal near thereto, called The Gloucester and Berkeley Canal, without the Consent of the Mayor and Burgesses oi the City of Gloucester, in the County of the City of Gloucester (being the Corporation of the said City), or their Successors, in Wriling under their Common Seal for that Purpose first had and obtained.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Railway, so far as the same shall extend along the said Quays or Wharfs, or either of them, within the said City, and the Rails to be used or employed in or about the making of the fame, shall be laid in such Manner only and upon such Part or Parts of the said Quays or Wharfs only as they the said Mayor and Burgesses or their Successors shall think mod for the Benefit and Advantage of Merchants, Traders, and others, trading or resorting thereto, and shall be taken and considered as Part of such Quays or Wharfs, and together with all and every the Carts and other Carriages to be used or employed thereon by the said Company of Proprietors, shall be from Time to Time and at all Times under and subject to the Order, Regulation, Guidance and Management in every Respect of them the said Mayor and Burgesses and their Successors, and removed by the said Company of Proprietors to such other Place or Places of which they the said Mayor and Burgesses shall be seized in Fee, as they the said Mayor and Burgesses or their Successors shall appoint, when and as often as they the said Mayor and Burgesses or their Successors shall fee Occasion; provided the fame be not laid in any Manner contrary to the Provisions of this Act, and that no such Removal shall tend to lefien, prejudice or injure the Use of the said Railway for the several Purposes intended by this Act.

XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to prejudice, or in w^Gicucdtt r 3X1 >’ Manner to abridge or lefien any of the Rights, Privileges, Franchises, Immunities, F.xemptions, Powers or Authorities of the said Mayor and Burgesses or their Successors, or any of the accustomed Tolls or Dues de-mar.dable in respect of any Corn or Grain, Coals or other Articles, or any other Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, or in respect of any Wheelage thereof, but all such accustomed Tolls and Dues hi ret fort demandable l y the said Mayor and Burgesses shall continue to be demandable and received in such and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had not been made; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XCV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors to enter into or upon, take or use for the Purposes of the said Railway or Tramroad, or for any Purpose incident thereto, or in anywise connected therewith, a certain Piece of Ground lying between the Boundary Wall of the Gaol, Penitentiary House and House of Correction, erected in pursuance of an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for building a new Gaol, a Penitentiary House, and certain new Houset of Correction for the County of Gloucester,tf«(5 for regulating the fame, and the said River Severn, lave and except such Part of such Ground as is distant Fifteen Yards at

kali

Act not to affect the Kights of the

Company not to use a certain Cart of the Ground between the Boundary Wall o> Glou. teller Gaol and the River Severn.

4i5

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

lead from the Outside of the said Boundary Wall (such Didance of Fifteen Yards to be computed and ascertained by a Line to be drawn fium the said Wall to or towards the said River), nor to use that Part of the said Ground between the Termination of the said Fifteen Yards and the said River Severn, otherwise than for the Purpose of making and maintaining the said Railway or Tramroad over the fame, and passing and repalling with Carts and other Carriages properly conltrucied upon and over such Railway or Tram-road.

XC.VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be company not lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, their Servants or Agents, ar hn<Tco®d» any Time or Times to moor, lade or unlade, or permit or suffer to be on the Gioun.i moored, laden or unladen any Vessel or Vessels, or any Cargo or Cargoes of any Vessel or Vessels, or any Part of any such Cargo or Cargoes, or to Gaol and the leave or permit or fuller to fee left any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, River Severn. Carts or Carriages, or to put or pile or set up any Pole, Timber, Earth,

Dung, Hay, Straw, Wood, Rubbish or other Thing or Obstrudion whatsoever upon the said Piece of Ground lying between the said Boundary Wall of the said Gaol, Penitentiary House, and House of Correction, and the River Severn, on either Side of the said Railway or Tramroad, nor to leave any Cart or Carriage or other Thing (landing on the fame Railway or Tramroad opposite to the said Boundary Wall.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Pro- Company to prietors, if it shall be deemed necessary for the Purpose of making the form an Em-said Railway or Tramroad, shall and are hereby required at their own Costs and Charges to form, conltrud, make and compleat, or cause to River Severn be formed, constructed, made and completed in a proper and workmanlike WGlnucefle* Manner, beyond the Limits of the said Fifteen Yards, to be computed from puTpofei of the the Cutfide of the said Wall oppodte to the River Severn, a Tafficieiit Railway. Embankment whereon to make and lay down the said Railway or Tram-road, such Embankment to be made and continued from the Corner of a certain Lock on the said River called or known by the Name of The Berkeley Canal Lock, to the extreme or South Wed Point of a certain W harl on the fame River, lying opposite or nearly oppodte to a certain Place, there commonly called The Ship on the Quay, and to be from Time to Time and at ail Times well and effectually repaired and kept in Repair by and at the like Expence of the said Company of Proprietors, and in the forming, condruding, and making the said Embankment, the said Company ot Proprietors dull and are hereby required at their own Costs and Charges, to cause the Three Sewers, now running from the said Gaol, Peniten.iary House, and House ol Correction, into the River Severn aforesaid, to be carried through the said Lmbankment into the said River in a proper workmanlike and effectual Manner, and to protect the fame by all necessary Grates: Provided always, that when and as soon as the said Sewers shall be so completed, the same shall thereafter be kept in Repair by and at the Expence of the Commissioners for the time being, acting under the Powers of the said Gaol Ad.

XCVIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time after the said Company u> Railway or Tramroad shall be conltruded and completed the said Coin- R^waV' millioners for carrying the Purposes of the said Gaol Ad into Execution, "rarer to the or any S.ven or more of them, shall deem it necessary: or expedient that ^jcqui^a by

die 1

4i6

by the Glou-ceTe G. ol Commissionera.

Company to ronote their Ratlw y nears-to Gloneefler Goa;, if required by the Gaol CommissioneiB.

Declaring evf ry new Line of Road to be mbje't to the fame Regulations as the original Line,

Railway not to be rendered lei's com no Irons by any such Removal.

Thi* Ait not to empower the Railway Company to acquire the Fee Simple of *;ny Land, whith the

Berkeley Canal Cem-

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

the fame shall be removed and carried dill nearer to the said River, and further from the said Wall of the said Gaol. Penitentiary House, and House of Correction, and shall give Notice thereof in Writing to the Clerk for the Time being of the said ompany,of Proprietors, they the said Company of Proprietors shall thereupon, as soon as may be after the Deliver)' of such Notice, at their own Costs and Charges, remove or cause the said Railway or Tramroad to be removed to such further Didance as shall be mentioned and specified in such Notice.

XCIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if (notwithstanding the Restriction herein-before contained in respect to that Part of the aforesaid Piece of Ground between the said Boundary Wall and the said River Severn, which lies within Fifteen Yards of the fame Boundary Wall) the Commissioners for the Time being for carrying the Purposes of the said Gaol Act into Execution shall, at any Time or Times after the said Railway or Tramroad shall be made in pursuance of this Act, think, it expedient and be desirous that such Railway or Tramroad should be carried and made nearer to the said Boundary Wall than Fifteen Yards, it shall be competent for them, or any Seven or more of them, to cause the same to be made and removed accordingly; and upon Notice in Writing to be given to the Clerk for the Time being of the said Company of Proprietors for that Purpose, they the said Company of Proprietors mall and are hereby directed and required with all practicable Dispatch, at the Costs and Charges of the Commissioners for the Purposes of the said Gaol Act for the Time being to remove and make the said Railway or Tramroad so much nearer the said Boundary Walt, and in such Line and Direction as shall be specified in and by such Notice.

C. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Deviation in the Line of the said Railway or Tramroad, between the said Boundary Wall and the River Severn, shall give the said Company of Proprietors any further or other Power in respect to the nevr Line than is given to them in respect to the original Railway or Tramroad, nor give them any Right to enter upon or to land or place any Goods, Wares, Merchandizes or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, in or upon the Ground on either Side of such n'ew Line of Railway or Tramroad.

Cl. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing herein contained shall extend to oblige and compel the said Company of Proprietors to remove the said Railway or Tramroad, so and in such Manner and in such Line and Direction as to render the passing and repairing thereon, to and from the Quay of the City of Gloiicester, less commodious and convenient for the Purpose of the said Company of Proprietors than the fame would have been in case the said Railway or Tramroad had continued in its original Situation.

CII. And whereas an Act of Parliament was made and passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the River Severn at or near the City eCGloucester, into a Place called Berkeley Pill, in the Parish c/"Berkeley, and also a Cut to or near the Town of Berkeley in the County of Gloucester: And whereas the making of the said Railway, if carried according to the said Plan, will pass along and over not only the 5 Line

49° GEORG 11 IIJ. Cap. 23.

Line already fixed for furniAiing and completing the Bason of the said Canal, but alTo along and over the Land and Ground of the said Canal Company intended for their Wharfs, Quays, and Warthouses, and certain Provisions are necessary to be made for prtferving the Interest of the said Canal Company and preventing any Injury which may happen to their Works; be it therefore further enacted, That nothing in this A it contained shall extend or be construed to extend to authorize and empower the said Company of Proprietors of the said Railway to purchase the absolute Right and Fee Simple in any Part of the Land or Ground already belonging to the said Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Company, or which at any Time or Times hereafter they may fee necessary or proper to purchase for the Purposes of their said Works and Undertaking, agreeably to the Powers hi them veiled in and by the said recited Act.

CIII. And be it further enacted, That they the said Company of Proprietors Audi and will from Time to Time, by Half-yearly Payments, pay to the Lid Gloucester and Berkeley Canal Company, so much and such yearly Rent or valuable Confuieration for and in respect of the Land and Ground now belonging or which shall or may hereafter become the Property of the said Canal Company, and over which the said Railway shall or may hereafter be used and carried, as shall not be less than the Annual Value thereof, together with such Loss as they the said Canal Company Avail or m.y fultain by Means of the said Railway passing over any such Land or Ground as aforesaid; the Quantum of such Rent and Loss, in case of Dispute, to be settled and ascertained by the said Cotn-missioners appointed by or by virtue of this Act.

CIV. And be it further enacted, That as well for the Safety and Preservation of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize in the Vessels which may be in the Bason of the said Canal, as for the Goods and Merchandize upon the said Quays and Wharfs, and in the said Warehouses of the said Canal Company, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Canal Company from Time to Time to erect such Gates and Fences, and in such Places upon the Land and Ground of the said Canal Company, which shall be taken and used by the said Company of Proprietors for the Purposes of this Act, as they may think proper for the securing and locking up their said Wharfs, Quays, and Warehouses by Night, and to keep the fame so locked up from Sunset to Sunrife Yearly and every Year, during the Months of October, November, December, January and February, and from Six of the Clock in the Evening to Six of the Clock in the Morning during the Remainder of each Year, and the Whole of every Day called Sunday; and that they the said Company of Proprietors shall not be permitted or fuAered, during the Hours the said Gates shall be so shut as aforesaid, to go or pass either on Foot or with HorlWs or Carriages through the fame, without the Leave of the said Canal Company ior the Time being first had and obtained.

CV. And be it further enacted, That no Horses or Carriages belonging to the said Company of Proprietors Arall at any Time or Times hereafter be permitted or fuft’ered to pass along the Wharfs or Quays of the said Canal Company, except such only as shall be used cr employed for the sole Purpose of working on the said Railway.

CVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Railway, so far as the same shall be made across or along any of the Land or Ground belonging [Lac. Of Per.] 5 N—O to

417

party are authorized to purchase.

Company to make Compensation to Berkeley Canal Company ior Land belonging to them.

BerkeleyCanal Company may erefl Gates on their own Laud.

Xo Hones or Carriages to be permittod to pais along the Wharfs of the Berkeley Canal.

Railway to bi

made actofs the Land of

4i 8

the Berkeley Canal Company as they shall direct, not contrary to this Afi.

P'opri tors not to le.ve Horses or Waggons on the Land belonging to the Berkeley Canal Company adjoining the Railway, except for the Purpose of loading or unloading.

Railway to be removed, if iound necessary for making the Berlct ley anil-

Recovery of forfeitures.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

to the said Canal Company, shall be constructed and laid in such Manner only as they the said Canal Company shall direct, so as the fame be not directed to be laid contrary to the Provisions of this Act, and that not more than Five Yards in Breadth of such Land or Ground shall be taken or tiled for the Purpose of such Railway: and that nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to make any Part of the said Land or Ground belonging to the said Canal Company a public Footpath, Flighway or Thoroughfare.

CVII. And be it further enacted, That they the said Company of Proprietors shall not by themselves, their Servants or others, at any 1 ims or Times hereafter, leave or permit, or suffer to be left any Carriage (except in Cafes of Accident) either loaded or unloaded, or any Goods or other Things on any Part of the said Railway or Land belonging to the said Canal Company on which the said Railway may be carried, without Leave of the said Canal Company first had and obtained, under the Penalty of Forty Shillings for each and every such Offence, unless such Carriage shall have been brought for the Purpose of being loaded or unloaded to and from the Wharfs, Quays, or Warehouses of the said Canal Company, and that duriHg such Time only as shall be necessary for loading or unloading the same.

CVIII. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time or Times hereafter it shall appear to the said Canal Company expedient or necessary, eitherfor the Enlargement of the Bason of the said Canal,^or for removing or extending their Wharfs or Quays, or building or erecting of Warehouses, or for any Purpose or Purposes whatsoever, that the said Railway should be removed to any other Place or Places upon any Land or Ground which does now or may hereafter belong to them the said Canal Company, not exceeding the Distance of One Hundred Yards from the Line laid down on the said Map or Flan, then and so often as they the said Company of Proprietors, upon Three Months Notice in Writing for such Purpose given to their said Clerk, Treasurer, or Agent, shall and will remove or cause or procure the same to be removed accordingly, under the Penalty of Five Pounds per Day for each and every Day the said Railway shall be permitted or continued to remain on the Place from whence it shall be so directed to be removed after the Expiration of such Notice to be given as aforesaid: Provided always, that the said Canal Company shall in such Case assign and mark out a Line upon which the said Railway can be made and carried upon some Land or Ground belonging to the said Canal Company, and shall assign a fuflkient Quantity of Ground for such Railway upon such and the like Terms and Conditions as are herein before mentioned in relation to the said Part of the said Railway cioffing the Land or Ground of the said Canal Company.

CIX. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties or Forfeitures for Offences against this Act, or any Rule, Bye Law, or Order to be made by the said Company of Proprietors or Committee as aforesaid, (halt, upon Proof of the Offences respectively before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, or for the Place where the Offence shall be committed, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Oath of any credible Witness, be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered and required to grant), and the Overplus, after such Penalties

or

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 23. 4

or Forfeitures, and the Charges of such Distress and Sale are recovered and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for such Justice, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for such Time as such Justice shall direct, not exceeding Two Calendar Months, unless such Penalties or Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the Recovery thereof, shall foonerbe paid and satisfied j and such Penalties and Forfeitures, the Application whereof is not hereinbefore particularly directed, shall go and belong to the said Company of Proprietors, and be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

CX. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made ferrous ag-for any Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be in Distress; deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or Want of j? recover Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Pro- '

ceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Treffpasser or Treffpassers, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards committed by the Party or Parties dif-ttaining; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Sacisfaction for the Special Damages in an Action upon the Cafe.

CXI. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Case may require; videlicet,

*E it remembered. That on the

in the Year of our Lord A.B. is convicted before me, C.D. one of ‘ His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County for. Place, as the * Case may be, specifying the Offence and Time and Place when and where ‘ the fame was committed'}. Given under my Hand and Seal, the Day ‘ and Year aforesaid.’

CXII. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings to be had and Proceedings taken in pursuance of this Act shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process what- want of Form, soever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at 1 Vejjminster or elsewhere; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXIII. And be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons who Pe^"nd* may think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Order or Judge- '"?y

meat made or given in pursuance of any Rule, Bye Law, or Order of the said Company of Proprietors, or by the Order or Determination of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, may, within Two Calendar Months alter such Order or Determination shall have been made or given, ap-

* IR1

* to wit 5

Day of FormofCon-vietion.

4-20

Limitation of Action*.

Tublic AS.

49tt GEORGII III. Cap. 23.

peal to the Justices of the Peace at any General Quarter Sethons to be held for the County or Place where such Cause of Appeal shall happen or arise, first giving Fourteen Days Notice at the least in W riting of such Intention to appeal, to the Parties interested in such Complaint; and the said Justices shall in a summary way hear and determine the said Appeal at such Sessions, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Court of Quarter Sessions of the Peace to beheld for the said County or Place, and if they fee Cause may mitigate any Penalty or Forfeiture, and may order any Money to be returned which shall have been levied in pursuance of such Rule, Bye Law, Order, or Determination, and may also order any such further Satisfaction to be made to the Party injured as they shall judge reasonable, and may also order such Colls to be. paid to the Party aggrieved by the Party aggressing, as they in their Judgement shall think right, just, and reasonable.

CXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act, or in the Execution of any of the Powers or Authorities, or any of the Orders made, given, or directed in, by, or under this Act, unl'efs One Calendar Month’s previous Notice in Writing shall be given by the Person or Persons intending to commence and prosecute such Action, Suit, or Information, to the said Company of Proprietors, or to their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, nor unless such Action, Suit, or Information shall be brought or commenced within Three Calendar Months next after the Fast committed; or in case there shall be a Continuation of Damage, then within Three Calendar Months next after the doing or committing such Damage shall have ceased and not afterwards; and shall be laid or brought in the County or Place where the Matter in Dispute or Cause of Action shall ariffe and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, Suit, or Information, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence upon any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and under the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if such Action, Suit, or Information shall have been brought or commenced before or after the respective Times so limited for bringing or commencing the fame, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action, Suit, or Information, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall have passed against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if onDemurrer or otherwise Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant hath for Costs of Suit in any other Cafe by Law.

CXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially talcen Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 1809.

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 24.

An Act for the further Improvement of the Harbour of Carnarvon, in the County of Carnarvon, and for other Purposes relating thereto.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the t hird, intituled.

An Atl for enlarging, deepening, clearjing, improving, and regulating the Harbour of Carnarvon, in the Cou.ty of Carnarvon: And whereas great Progress hath been made in the Execution of the Works by the said Act directed to be made: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of the said Act have been found defective and insufficient for the Purposes thereby intended; and it is therefore expedient that the fame should be altered, amended, and enlarged, and that the Rates and Duties thereby granted flroulJ be increased, and additional Duties granted: And whereas the progressive Increase of the Trade of the said Port makes it expedient that Powers should be given to erect and construct additional Piers, C^uays, Wharfs, Wet and Dry Docks, Cranes, and other Works and Conveniencies for the Accommodation of Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Port, and to purchase Land, and embank Shore Ground from the Sea for those Purposes: Hut inasmuch as the said Objects cannot be carried into Efifeft without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majelfy that it may be enacted j and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the [Lee. (A Fer.J 5 F Advice

jjG.j.

C-IJJ-

•1

42G

The Power? of the fai<t Act continued) except, &c.

Additional

TiufteeS.

Former Rates repealed.

Tmftees cm. powered to take certain Rates accordingtoSchcdule a mexed (A.)

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 24*

Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Corn* mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Laid recited Act, paised in the Thirty-third V car of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Clauler, Pow; rs. Penalties, Forfeitures, Rates, Remedies, Payments, Provisions, Articles, Matters, and Things whatsoever therein contaimd (save anti except such Parts as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be as good, valid, and effectual for carrying this Act into Execution, as if the fame had been repeated or re-enacted in the Body of this present Act.

II. And be it further enacted, That in Addition to the Trustees named a^nd appointed in and by the said recited Act, and those who have been elected and appointed in Manner and according to the Authority of the same, the several Persons herein-after named, and their Successors, shall be, and they are hereby conllituted and appointed I'm Sees for putting this Act and the said recited Act into Execution; (that is to say), Robert Beaver, George Be/tifs, Robert Thomas Carreg, "John Cranky, Richard Edwards, John Browning Edwards, John Evans, Robert Evans, Matthew Fleming, David Griffith, Evan Herbert Clerk, John Hajlam, John Hughes, Thomas Hughes, David Hughes, Henry Jones, Owen Jones Clerk, Richard Jones, Thomas Jones, Thomas Jones, Thomas Hughes Jones, William Jones, Zacchcus Jones, Glynn Bodvcl Lewis, John l ewis, Thomas Lloyd, William Alexander Madocks, John Owen, William Owen, Richard Owen, Robert Owen Owens, William Price Poole, Evan Powell, Robert Price, Thomas Prichard, Edward Griffith Roberts, Hugh Roberts, Hugh Rowlands, John Robyns, Owen Rowlands Clerk, Richard Roberts, Richard Roberts, Richard Roberts the younger, William Robyns, Thomas Asjheton Smith the younger, Thomas Savage the younger, Robert Thomas, Henry Rumsey Williams, Hugh Williams Clerk, John Williams, Joseph Waleman, Owen Williams, Peter Baylty Williams Clerk, Robert Williams, Robert Williams, and William Williams.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Fifth Day of July next after the passing of this Act, the several Rates and other Dues or Payments which might be demanded, taken, collected, or received under or by virtue of the said recited Act, shall cease and determine, and shall not be demanded, taken, collected, or received.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in lieu and instead of the Lid several before mentioned Rates and Duiies by this Act repealed, there shall be paid to the said Truliees, and their Successors, from and after the said Fifth Day of July next after the passing of this Act, at such Place or Places within the said Town of Carnarvon as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall appoint, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint to collect and receive the same, or to their Lessees; and they the said Trustees, and their Successors, and such Person or Persons as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint as aforesaid, are hereby authorized and empowered to demand, collect, receive, and take of and from the Master or Owner, Mailers or Owners, or other Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of every Ship or other Vessel, the several Rates or Duties mentioned in the First Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (A.)

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

V. And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid by ev rv Person whomsoever who Aiall lade or unlade, or import or export any Grain, Seeds, Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Baggage, Parcel, or other Article, Matter, or Thing whatsoever within the said Harbour of Carnarvon, or within the Limits of the said Port, over and above all other Rates and Duties to which the fame respectively are by virtue of any Law or Statute subject or liable, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the several Rates and Duties herein-after mentioned and contained in the Second Schedule hereunto annexed, marked (B.)

VI. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, by this Act charged with the Payment of any import or export Duty or Rates, shall exceed or be less than the several and respective Weights, Quantities, or Numbers whereby the same are hereby particularly charged, a Rate or Duty upon every such greater or lesser Weight, Quantity, or Number shall be demanded and taken, in Proportion to the Rates or Duties hereby laid upon such Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes respectively, so as such Rate or Duty shall in no Cafe be less than One Penny.

VII. And, to the Intent the said Rates or Duties may be duly answered and paid, be it further enacted, That no Collector or Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs, Receiver of Entries, or Ships Surveyor or Searcher, Waiter, or other Officer of the Customs whatsoever, belonging to the Port of Carnarvon, within the Port of Chester, shall at any Time after the said Fifth Day of July next after the passing of this Act, give or make out any Cocket or other Discharge, or take any Report inwards or outwards for any Ship or other Vessel, or permit any Ship or other Vessel to come 3n or go out of the said Harbour, or from any Landing Place within the Limits of the said Port, until the Master or Owner, or other Persons having the Rule or Command of such Ship or other Vessel, shall produce a Certificate from the Collector or Collectors, Lessee or Lessees, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, that the Rates or Duties by this Act granted are paid or secured to be paid; which said Certificate the said Collector or Collectors, Ltffee or Lessees, is and are hereby required to give without Fee or Reward; and that any Collector or Comptroller of His Majesty's Customs, Receiver of Entries, or Ships Surveyor or Searcher, Waiter, or other Officers of the Customs whatsoever, making Default in any of the Premises enjoined by this Act, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor more than One Imparlance; One Moiety of such Forfeiture to be paid to the Use of the Person or Persons who shall prosecute, sue for, and recover the fame, and the other Moiety thereof to be paid into the Hands of the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall appoint to receive the same, to be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees of the said Harbour, for the Time being, or any Seven or more of them, or their Collector or CoL leQors, Lessee or Lessees, to receive and accept of and from any Master, 1 o Commander,

427

New Rates

granted with reference to the Schedule (S.)

A proportionate Duty to be taken . n Goods, See. of greater or less Weight, Quantity, or Number, &c.

Vrflels not to be cleared ou* before Duties paid.

Rite, mty be compounded for.

428

Goads for which Tonnage Duty once paid, not to nay a Second Tim.

HTirrptjoni.

To fix Rates

not enumerated in the Tab.*.

D*ct»rn; l>y wttutn the Ra'ea fli.ll be paid.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Commander, or Owner of any Ship or VefL-1, Baik or Boar, not exceeding the Burthen of One hundred and fifty 1'ons, trading to and from and using the said Harboui, a Composition for the said Rates and Duties j and such Compositions shall be paid and payable at such 1 fines and in such Manner as shall be agreed upon by and between the said Fruflees of the f.iid Harbour, for the Time being, or any Seven or more of them, their Lessees, or their Collector or Collectors, and any such Master, Commander, or Owner.

IX. Provided a'so, and be it further enacted, That if any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize which have paid the above mentioned Rates and Duties at unloading, shall be again exported in the fame Packages, fuel} Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes shall be exempted from the Payment of such Rates and Duties on the re-shipping thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Ship or Vessel of War belonging to His Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, nor any Poll Office Packet, or Transport wi h Troops, Ammunition, or Provisions on His Majesty's Service; and that no Fishery Salt imported or exported, in Bulk or otherwise, shall be liable to the Payment of any of the said Rates and Ditties; and no Ship or Vessel carrying Stones, Wood, or other Materials into the said H.:rbour or Wet Ducks, or any of th m, for the Use of the Piers, or any other Works authorized to be made by virtue of this Act, shall be liable to the Payment of any of the aforesaid Rates or Duties in respect of such Voyage or Goods; nor 3ny Vessel or boat of a Burthen not exceeding f ifteen Tons, laden with Lime-ltones, or in Ballad only, except they make use of the Quays, Wharfs, or Docks.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, for the Time being, toalcertain and fix such reasonable Rates and Duties to be paid upon the loading or unloading, exporting or importing of any Goods, Wares, Merchandize, Article, or Commodity not specified or enumerated in the said Tables or Schedules to this Act annexed, as they shall think fit, to as no such Rate or Duty shall exceed One Half of the Freight payable thereon respectively, on being imported or exported to or from the said Port; and such Rates and Duties, when so fixed and ascertained, shall be c nfidered, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame had been fixed, ascertained, and especially enumerated in this Act, or in the said Tables or Schedules hereunto annexed, and shall be entered in a separate Schedule, and hung up in some conspicuous Place or Places to which all Persons can have Access in the Custom House of the said Port, and in the Guildhall or Market-house, or any other Publick Building belonging to the said Port; and such Rates and Duties may at any Time thereafter by the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, be altered or varied, and any new Articles not included in any former Schedule added thereto, in which Cafe a new Schedule shall be made and published as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the Rates on Goods, Wares, and Merchandize imported imo or exported from the said Pore of Car. narvort, shall be paid by the Mailer or Commander, Mailers or Commanders of the Ship or Vessel bringing in or taking out the fame,

according

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 24.

429

according to the Entry in the Cocket of such Ship or other Vessel; and that all and every the Rate and Rates so paid on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall be added to and recoverable with the Freight or Freights from Time to Time payable on such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize respectively; and in case the Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees of such Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, shall neglect or refuse to pay and discharge such Rates upon Demand thereof made, that then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Party or Parties who shall have paid such Rates, to detain the Goods, Wares, and Merchandize for which such Rate or Rates shall have been paid as aforesaid, until the fame, and the Cods, Charges, and Expences of such Detention shall have been paid and discharged, or otherwise, at his or their Discretion, to bring any Action or Actions for the Recovery of such Rates, as for Money lent and advanced to the Use cf such Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees.

XIII. And, to the Intent that the Rates or Duties imposed by this Act ,of

may be more effectually collected and levied, be it further enacted, That Rates, &c. in case any Owner or Master, or other Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, or any other Person to whom any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize landed or shipped within the said Harbour,

and charged or chargeable with the Rates or Duties granted by this Act, shall belong or be delivered unto, or by whose Order the same shall be landed or shipped, shall refuse to pay the fame, then and in such Case it shall and may, from Time to Time, be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, Lessee or Lessees, to be appointed in pursuance of this Act, to go on hoard such Ship or other Vessel to demand, collect, and receive the said Rates or Duties, and on Non-payment thereof to take and distrain every such Ship or other Vessel, and all the Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, or all or any Part of the Goods, Wares, or Merchandize chargeable therewith, and in respect whereof such Rates or Duties shall be payable, either on board such Ship or other Vessel, or on Land, and the same to detain until the respective Rates or Duties shall be satisfied and paid; and in case of any Neglect or Default in Payment of the said Rates or Duties for the Space ot Three Days after any Distress or Dillreffes so made or taken, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collector or Collectors, Lessee or Lessee’, to cause the same to be appraised by Une or more Sworn Ap-praifers, or other sufficient Person, and afterwards to fell the said Distress or Distreffes, and therewith to satisfy himself or themselves, as well for and in respect of the Rates or Duties so neglected or delayed to be paid, as also for and in respect of his or their reasonable Charges in tak ng, keeping, appraising, and felling the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any such there be) 10 the Owner upon Demand.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Master, Owner, or other Person* elud-Person having the Rule or Command of any Ship or other Vessel, or the

Owner cf any Good-, Wares, or Merchandize, shall by any Method

chargeable,

vhatsoever, at any Time or Times, elude or avoid the Payment of the kc-Rates or Duties hereby made payable, or any Part thereof, each and every Person eluding or avoiding Payment as aforesaid, shall Hand charged with and be liable to the Payment of the fame; and the same shall and may be recovered from such Master or Owner respectively, at

[Lqc. & iVr.]

5 Q

any

430

Power to remove the Rocks at Iht Swelliei.

Trustees empowered to embank Shore Ground.

Power to ere£l Docks.

Rates for the Use of Docks.

Tntfteea empowered to make a Dry Dock.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

any Time or Times, either by the Means herein before prescribed concerning the levying of the Duties, or by the fame Method and in such Manner as ;s herein-after directed for levying and recovering the Fines, Forfeitures, and Penalties imposed by this Act.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be hwful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to blast, break, or remove, or cause to be blalted, broken, or removed, all, every, or any of the Rocks at the Svvellies, or in any other Part of the said Straits within the said Port of Carnarvon, for the more safe Passage of Ships and Vessels to and from the said Harbour, and through the said Straits; and that the Sum of Three hundred Pounds, already expended in the Improvement of the Swellies, shad be and is hereby declared to be a Charge on the Duties hereby granted, as fully and effectually as any other Sum borrowed or to be borrowed under or by virtue of this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall be and they are hereby authorized and empowered, to fill up, embank, and (ecure, with such Materials as shall be deemed expedient, so much of the Shore Ground or Strand in Front of or adjoining to the kid H irbour of Carnarvon, which has already been or shall hereafter be acquired, or which may be purchased by or vested in the said Trustees under the Authority and in virtue of the Powers in this Act contained, or which can be gained from the Sea or reclaimed, for the Imp rovement of the said Port and Harbour, and for the Erection of any Wet or Dry Docks, Quays, Breasts, Piers, Jetties, or Wharfs, or for the making of Embankments of Ground for the Purpose of enabling the said Trustees to build thereon sufficient Warehouses and other Buildings, and complete the other Purpoi'es of the present Act in relation to the Improvement of the Port and Harbour of Carnarvon, and the increasing the Accommodation to the Trade carried on therein.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Twelve or more of them, by any Order made at a General Quarterly Meeting ro make, erect, and build, or to order and cause to be made, erected, and built. One or more Wet Dock or Docks within the said Port, with proper Piers and other Works necefEry to supporc and complete the same, on such Scite as shall appear proper and may be appropriated by the said Trustees, or any Twelve or more of them, for that Purpose, after such Form, Plan, or Model, Forms, Plans, or Models, and of such Materials as to them shall feern necessary or proper in that Behalf, and of such Dimensions as they may think advisable.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, Lessee or Lessees, and the Collector or Collectors to be appointed by them, to ask, demand, and take of and from all and every the Masters and Owners of all Ships or Vessels using or coming into the said Dock, for the Use thereof, the Rates and Duties specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked (C.)

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Twelve or more of them, by any Order made at any General Quarterly Meeting, to make, build, and erect, or to

49° GEORGII III. Cup. 2 4-’ 43*

to order and cause to be made, built, and erected within the said Harbour of Carnarvon, a Dry Dock or Docks for graving or repairing Ships and Vessels in such Situation within the said Harbour, and of such Dimensions as shall appear expedient to the said Trustees.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to and E?te!f,he for the said Trustees, Lessee or Lessees, and the Collector or Collectors Dock. to be appointed by them respectively, to alk, demand, and take of and from all and every the Masters and Owners of all Ships and Vessels graved and repaired in the said Dock or Docks, for the Use thereof, any Sum not exceeding the Rates and Duties specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed marked (D.)

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to build and erect Warehouses houses, &c." or other Buildings for depositing Goods and Merchandizes therein, on

any Part of the Shore Ground belonging to or forming the said Harbour, or embanked, regained, or reclaimed as aforesaid, or veiled at any Time hereafter in the said Trustees under any of the Provisions of this Act, and shall alk, demand, receive, and take from every Person or Persons depositing any Goods, Wares, and Merchandize in any such Warehouses or Buildings, such Rates and Sums of Money as to the said Trustees shall seem adequate and proper: Provided always, that if the said Trustees shall retain any of such Warehouses or Buildings, or any Part of any Warehouse or Building, and not be able to let or fell the famie, and also during the Time the said Trustees shall have and retain any such Warehouses or Buildings, until a proper annual or other Rent or Price can be procured for the fame, shall permit the lame to be used for the depositing of Goode, Wares, and Merchandize at certain Rates or Sums of Money $ such Rates and Sums of Money, whether ascertained by Packages, Quantities, Weight, or otherwise, shall be let forth in a Schedule or Schedules, and hung up in some conspicuous Place or Places in the Custom House of the Port or Harbour of Carnarvon, and of such 'Warehouse or Buildings, so that every Person may have Access thereto j and such Rates and Sums of Money may from Time to Time be altered, varied, increased, or ditninished in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall think fit; and shall in such Case be again scheduled and hung tip as aforesaid: Provided always, that it shall be lawful for the said Trut-tees, or any Seven or more of them, at any Time to make any Agreement for the warehousing of any Quantity of Goods, Wares, or Merchandize in any such Warehouses or Buildings for any certain Time, at any other Rate or Sum than shall be contained in any such Schedules, in any Case in which, from the Quantity of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, or the Period for which they may be deposited, it shall be deemed by them beneficial to enter into any such Agreement.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Trustees mw and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, to fell and jet the Shore dispose of the said Shore Ground, or any Part thereof, to the higlieft v Bidder before any Warehouse or Warehouses is or are erected thereon, or to sell or dispose of any of the said Dry Docks or Warehouses, Sheds Buildings erected or built for the Convenience of the said Harbour, the highest Rates or Prices that can be severally got for the fame, 01 to

grant

43*

Power to let or leafeDgtiei,

Trustees to »i!vertise before they let or fell Premises.

Application of the Money anting by such Rems, kc.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

grant such Leases and Dispositions or Conveyances necessary for that Purpose, signed by the said Trustees, or any Twelve or more of them, as to the said Trustees, or any Twelve or more of them, shall appear expedient and most beneficial; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to make any such Leases for the Purpose of building, signed as aforesaid, for any Term not exceeding the Term of Three Lives and Twenty-one Years, to commence from the Decease of the Survivor of the said Three Lives, and with the belt Ground Rent reserved which may be had and gotten for the fame, with the usual Covenants.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time to lease or let out, for the best Rent that can be obtained, and in such Manner as they, or any Seven or more of them, shall think proper, all or any of the Rates or Duties by this Act granted from Year to Year, or for any Term not exceeding Three Years; and also all or any such Wharfs, Docks, Quays, Cranes, Engines, or Warehouses, and other Buildings, for any Term not exceeding Three Years; and the Person or Persons to whom any of the aforesaid Premises shall be leased or let, shall give good Security for the Payment thereof, and covenant and agree to pay One Quarter’s Rent or Share of the Annual Payment in Advance, and shall continue to pay such Quarterly Payment in Advance, from Time to Time, during the Whole of the Term for which the same shall be leased or rented, in Default of which the Agreement for leafing or letting as aforesaid shall be and is hereby declared null and void.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for, nor in the Power of the said Trustees to let or rent any of the Premises aforesaid, nor any Part thereof, except the Tolls from Year to Year, or for no longer Term than Three Years, without advertising the fame Three Calendar Months prior to the Day to be fixed for that Purpose, and Once a Month at least afterwards till such Day, in the North Wales Gazette, or in the Chester Chronicle, or in fame other Newspaper that may be published in North Wales and Chester at the Time, nor to fell any of the Premises aforesaid which they are hereby authorized and empowered to fell, without advertising the fame in Manner before mentioned Six Calendar Months prior to the Day to be fixed for that Purpose, and once a Fortnight afterwards till such Day, and then to be sold by publick Auction to the highest Bidder.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies arising from such Rents and Prices, or Purchase Monies, and the Rates and Duties for any such Docks, Warehouses and Sheds, Buildings and Erections herein-before mentioned, and all Sums of Money received in respect thereof, shall be paid and applied by the said Trustees in carrying into Execution the Purposes of this Act, and in maintaining the Works and Erections by this Act authorized or airested to be made and erefttd; and in paying off the Principal and interest of any Monies due under the said recited Act or this Act, or which may become due in respect of any Money borrowed under this Act or otherwise, and in the same Manner as the Rates and Duties, Sum and Sums of Money imposed and levied for

improving

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.- 43T

improving the said Harbour of Carnarvon, are by the said recited Act directed to be paid and applied.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of Cranage th's Act, there shall be paid and payable to the said Trustees, their Lessee or Lessees, Collector or Collectors of the said Duties, or to the Crane-keepers, to be employed by them respectively, for all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize shipped, landed, or weighed with and at the said Cranes or Crane, or Weighing Engines on the Quays of the said Port of Carnarvon, a Sum not exceeding the Rates set forth and particularized in the Schedule marked (E.) to this Act annexed.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Cranage shall be paid By whom and payable by the Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees, Ship-

per or Shippers, or any other Person or Persons having Charge of Goods, payable. Wares, or Merchandize so shipped, weighed or landed on or from the Quays or Wharfs of the said Port of Carnarvon; and in case the Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees, Shipper or Shipper-, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, shall upon Application to him, them, or any of them for that Purpose. refnfe to pay any of the said Rates or Duties set forth and particularized in the said Schedule, or any Part or Parts thereof, unto the said Trustees, their Lessee or Lessees, Collector or Collectors, or such Person or Persons as may be employed by them respectively to receive the same, then that the said Trustees, Lessee, or Collector shall and may, within Twelve Calendar Months next afterwards, sue for and recover the fame of such Owner or Owners, Consignee or Consignees, Shipper or Shipper;, or other Person or Persons having Charge of such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize respectively and who shall have refused Payment thereof, by Action on the Cafe in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at tVjhninster, or of the Court of Great Sessions for Wales; or it shall be lawful to and for the Person or Persons to whom any such Rates respectively ought to have been paid as last-aforesaid, and he and they is andare hereby fully authorized and empowered to seize and distrain any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, for or in respect of which any of the said Rates ought to be paid as aforesaid, and to detain the fame until full Payment shall be made of such Rates respectively, together with the reasonable Costs and Charges of taking and keeping such Distress; and in case such Distress shall not be redeemed within Three Days after the taking thereof, then the lame shall and may be appraised and fold in like Manner as the Law directs in Cafes of Distress for Rent:

Provided always, that the Monies arising from or by such Cranage shall go and be applied in such and the same Manner, and to and for such and the fame Purposes as the other Rates or Duties granted by this Act are hereby directed to be paid and applied.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful pov,,to to and for the said Trustees, or any Twelve or more of them, at any leflVn Rates Quarterly Meeting assembled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to lessen and reduce, and again to raise and advance all and every the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, and to order the same to be raised, levied, and taken in such Manner as they shall appoint:

Provided nevertheless, that such Rates or Duties respectively shall never be increased so as to exceed the respective Rates by this Act established',

[Loc. & Per.~\ 5 R and

434-

pnw?r to place Mooring* . ji'igSf CJiarns, Ice.

Anchors not to he cast in the Harbour when there are sufficient Chaijts, Stc,

Tefltli to bring to, ’ill Duties pa id.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 24-

and from and after such new Rate shall have been from Time to Time ordained and established as aforesaid, the Orders of the said Trustees or any Twelve or more of them, at their Quarterly Meetings assembled as aforesaid, shall be of as full Force and Effect as this present Act respecting the fame respectively; and such new Rate shall be paid and payable, and there shall be the fame Remedies for enforcing and compelling the Payment thereof, as if such new Rate had been originally a Part of this Act, and contained in the said Schedule; and all and every the said Schedules hereunto annexed are hereby declared to be and shall be taken as Parts of this Act, in such and the same Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame respectively had been repeated or inserted in the Body of this Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to ere ft and place Mooring-rings, Chains, and Capfterns at proper and convenient Places near the Mouth and in the said Harbour; and that after such Mooring-rings, Chains, and Captlerns shall be so erected and placed, no Ship or Vessel shall moor with an Anchor in the said Harbour, provided there shall be convenient Polls, Rings, and Chains for mooring the fame (except by stress of Weather, and that for Twenty-four Hours only) to be ascertained by the Harbour-Mailer of the said Harbour, his Officers, or Persons acting under him.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Mafleror Owner of any Ship or Vessirl, or other Person having the Care or Command thereof, shall at any Time when there are sufficient Rings, Chains, and Posts for mooring the fame (except as aforesaid) call Anchor in any Part of the said Harbour, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Carnarvon, or before one or both of the Bailiffs of the Town of Carnarvon for the Time being, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds, at the Discretion of such Justice or Bailiffs, such Penalty, together with reasonable Costs, to be levied by Distress and Sale of so much of the Tackle, Apparel, or Furniture of such Ship or Vessel, as shall be sufficient to answer the said Penalty and Coils, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Owner, Mailer, or other Person having the Care or Command of such Ship or Vessel as aforesaid.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Masters or Persons having the Rule or Command of any Ship or Vessel arriving within or failing through the said Straits of Menai, who shall neglect or refuse to bring or lye-to opposite the Bell Tower in the said Town, or to come to an Anchor, in order to pay the Collector or Collectors the Rates or Duties due thereon in purf'uance of this Act, and shall pass through the said-Straits without paying the fame, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, one Half thereof shall be paid to the Informer and the remaining Half to the said Trustees, and to be recovered, levied and applied, for the Purposes of this Act, as other Penalties under this Act are to be recovered and levied; and any Pilot who shall pilot such Ship or Vessel either through the Swelly or over the Bar, knowing that such Ship or Vessel had not been brought to and the Duties paid as aforesaid,

1 of

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 24. 4'3T

or who shall neglect to give an Account of the Name of such Ship or Vessel, may be deprived of his Licence, and forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be levied and applied as last aforesaid.

XXXII. And, for the ascertaining and collecting the Export Duties, be it further enacted, That all the Slate-loaders within the said Port of

account of the

Carnarvon shall deliver or cause to be delivered (if required) a true and shttsM^on

correct Account (on Oath, if required, which Oath any Justice of the

Peace of the said County or Borough of Carnarvon, is hereby authorized

and empowered to administer) to the said Lessee or Lessees, Collector or Collectors of the said Rates, of the Quantity or Quantities, or Number or Numbers of Tons of Slates shipped by them on board any Vessel or Vessels loaded by them respectively within the said Port; and any Slate-

loader or Slate-loaders who shall neglect to deliver such Account, or shall

wilfully give a false Account to such Collector or Collectors, so as to

reduce the Duty which ought to be paid, shall forfeit and pay a Penalty of

any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, one Half to be paid to the Informer,

and the remaining Half to the said Trustees, to be applied for the Purposts

of this Act.

XXXIII. And, for the more effectually ascertaining and collecting the iye

Import and Export Duties specified in Schedule (B.), be it further enacted, Account of That ic shall and may be lawful for the Collector or Collectors of the said their Cargo. Duties as aforesaid, or Lessee or Lessees as aforesaid, or any Person or Persons employed by them, if they shall reasonably believe that there should be any Goods on board any Ship or Vessel not entered in the Cocker, or any other Custom-house Document, to enter onboard such Ship or Vessel at the Time of her Discharge, or otherwise, and to take an Account of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, as they are discharged, and to call on the Master or other Person having the Rule or Command of such Ship or Vessel for an Account of all such Goods, Wares, or Merchandize on board; and if such Master or other Person shall refuse to give an Account, or shall wilfully deliver and give a false 6r incorrect Account, with Intent to defraud the said Trustees, their Lessees or Collector as aforesaid, he and they shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied and applied, one Half to the Informer, and the remaining Half to the said Trustees for the Uses of this Act j and the said Trustees, of the Collector or Collectors of the Harbour-Dues, or the Lessee or Lessees as aforesaid, shall be at Liberty at all Times (within Office Hours) to examine all Cockets, or other Documents, on Clearance of any Ship’s Cargo, inwards or outwards, depositedat the Custom-house of Carnarvon, and to take Minutes thereof if necessary, which the principal Officer or Officers are requited to show at all Times as aforesaid without Fee or Reward, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for each Offence.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Groceries or other Owners or Goods shall be imported in Calks or Packages, so that the Master or ^cciaf"the *° other Person having the Rule or Command of the Ship or Vessel wherein Nature and such Groceries or other Goods are on board, or so that the Trustees, their p e'kgahte,£ Lessee or Lessees, Collector or Collectors or other Person or Persons, can- '

not ascertain the Nature, Particulars, Names, Contents, Weight, and Value of the Contents of such Calks or Packages, that the Owner or Owners,

436

4-9° GEORGII Ilf. Cap. 24.

Owner.', Consignee or Consignees of such Calks or Packages, if resident or having their then Places of Abode at Carnarvsit, or within Two Miles-of the fame, be and they are hereby required to produce their Bill or Bills of Parcels, or make a Declaration in Writing of the Nature, Particulars, Names, and Contents of such Calks and Packages, and if under the lait Clause in the Schedule (B.) of Goods not enumerated, then to declare the Amount of the Freight of the Articles or Goods in such Calks or Packages, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding hive Pounds, upon giving a false Account.

Tiufteej pro-

XXXV. And whereas it has been found useful and convenient that the Matters ofk*’ said Trustees, or some Person appointed by them, should provide Planks Vtflvis to pay for the more ready and convenient loading of Ships and Vessels with Slates lo!t.tllcia'{ and other Goods, and to pay for the fame a Rate or Price fixed on by the said Trustees, and the Mailers or Crews of Vessels loading there neg--left to take care of them, and to deliver them to the Person or Persons-appointed by the said Trustees, whereby the said Trustees, or the Persons so by them appointed, have often-times fullered considerable Loss; for Remedy whereof, be it further enacted, That every Mailer or Mailers, or the Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of any Ship or Vessel loading Slates within the said Harbour, who shall hire or use any other Planks (except they belong to themselves) for the Purpose of loading and unloading as aforesaid, or who shall lose the fame, or not deliver such Planks in good Condition (reasonable Wear and Tear excepted) to the said Trustees, or to such Person. or Persons appointed or to be appointed by them as aforesaid, when they have done loading, shall be liable to pay. the full Value of such Plank or Planks at the Time ol receiving the fame, over and above the regular Price fixed upon for the Use of them, to be> ascertained on Oath before a Justice of the Peace; and if such Mailer or-other Person as aforesaid shall refuse to pay such Value on Demand made, he or they shall forfeit and pay any Sum net exceeding Five Pounds, to be paid to the said Trustees f r the Purpose of providing other Planks, and for the Purposes of this Act; provided that no greater Sum than One Shilling per Plank shall be demanded or taken from the Master or-Person having the Command of any Vessel so loading and using the fame: as aforesaid.

Penalty for

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in any case any Person or Rope°«ofS Persons shall wilfully or maliciously cut, break, or in-any Manner destroy

Veflcii. any Rope, or other Thing by which any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel;

lying in the said Harbour or Docks shall be moored or faltened, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, besides. paying the Damages thereby occasioned.

Persons

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and

Works'ufbe* Persons whomsoever, who shall at any Time or Times hereafter wilfully deen.ed guilty or designedly demolish, break down, or destroy any of the said Wet or oi Felony, Dry Docks, Piers, Quays, Wharfs, Warehouses, Buildings, Erections, or any of them, or any of the Works which shall be conllrufted under this Act, or which shall belong to the said Harbour, or shall wilfully or designedly extinguish or put out any of the Lights used in or belonging to the said Harbour for the Safety or Protection of the Ships or other; , Vessels

437

49° GEORGII III. Cap,24.

We'flels reporting to the fame,' ftnll he deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court by ami before whom such Person or Persons shall be tried and convicted, shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transporred for the Term of Seven Years, or in M ligation of Punishment may award Sentence of Fine or Imprisonment, at the'D.lcretion of the Judge or Judges before whom such Offender or Offenders shall be tried and convicted.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Matter or Owner of, or »c-

tl.e Person or Persons having the Charge or Command of, every Boat, n^aRc 'd>.<e Barge, Ship, or Vessel lying or being within the said Harbour, shall be, ty Soatmeu. and he, (he, and they, F and are hereby made answerable for any Trespass,

Damage, Spoil, or Mischief that shall be done by such Boat, Barge, Ship,

or other Vessel, or by any of the Boatmen, Bargemen, Watermen, or Seamen, or other Person or Persons belonging to or employed in or about the fame respectivel'’, to any of the Docks, Quays, Wharfs,

Piers, Buoys, Perches, Beacons, Land-marks, or other Works erected, maintained, or repaired by virtue of this Act, either by the loading or unloading of any Boat, Barge, Ship or other Vetted, or by any other Means whatsoever, and the Matter or Owner of every such B^at, Barge,

Ship, or other Vessel, shall for every such Trespass, Damage, Spoil, or Mischief, upon Conviction of any such his, her, or their Boatmen,

Bargemen, Watermen, Seamen, or other Person or Persons, before any Justice of the Pearefor the said County, or of the Borough of Carnarvon, on the Oath of any credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such J iftice is hereby authorized and required to administer), or on the Con-fetfion of the Party or Parties offending, forfeit and pay to the Party or Parties injured such Damages, Strtisfaction, and Compensation as shall be afee:rained, fixed and determined by such Justice; provided that no such Damages, Satisfaction, or Compensation shall exceed the Sum of Ten Pounds, and shall also forfeit and pay to the Informer or Informers any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be settled and determined by such Justice; but in case such Damages shall exceed the Sum of Ten P iunds, then and in such Case the said Master or Owner of such Boat, Birge, Ship, or other Vessel, may be sued and profecured for such Damages, Satisfaction, and Compensation, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Great Settions for Wales, and if a Verdict or Judgement shall be given against him or her, either on Proof made, or by Default, or upon Demurrer, the Plaintiff in every such Case shall recover the Damages thereby sustained with full Costs of Suit.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That such Boat- Miftfrsto remen, Bargemen, Watermen, S amen, and other Person or Persons, and

each and every of them, shall be liable to repay such Damages, Satisfaction, and Compensation and Penalty, so ascertained, fixed, and determined by such Justice, with the Costs of levying and recovering thereof, to such Master or Masters, Owner or Owners, and in case of Non-payment thereof upon Demand, and Oath made by such Master or Masters,

Owner or Owners, of the Payment made by him, her, or them, of such Damages, Satisfaction, and Compensation or Penalty, and that the fame, and the Costs thereof, have or hath not been repaid to him, her, or them, by such Bargemen, Boatmen, Watermen, or Seamen, or any of them,

[Loc.& Per.] 5 S although

438 ,49° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

although demanded (inch Oath to be made before any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace), the Amount thereof shall be recovered in like Manner as any Penalty is hereby directed to be levied and recovered, by. Warrart under the Hind and Seal of any such Justice Of Justices; and in case such Boatmen, Bargemen, Watermen, Seamen, or other Person or Persons, shall have no Property whereon such Damages, Sum or Sums of Money may be levied, thtn on Oath made as aforesaid before 1 wo such Justices, that such Money was not paid on such Demand having been so made, and no such Property to be round, such Justices are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands, to commit or cause such Boatmen, Bargemen, Watermen, Seamen, or other Person or Persons, to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County of Carnarvon, for any Time not exceeding Six Calendar Months, or to fend him or them on board any of His Ma-jessy’s Ships of War, if such Demand should not in the mean Time be paid j and that it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons authorized by such Warrant to cause such Boatmen, Bargemen, Watermen, Seamen, or other Person or Persons, to be apprehended within any other County or Counties, City or Place, where he or they may be found, and brought before the Justices granting such Warrant, on such Warrant being first indorsed by a Justice of <hc Peace acting in and for the County, City, or Place where such Offender or Offenders shall be found, to be dealt with as before mentioned.

he ^nd further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said

GnidjiMitt- Trullees, or any Twelve or more of them, at any Time or Times here-

"8s- sf.er, at any Quarterly Meeting assembled, to make, ordain, and establish

such Rule', Orders, and Bye-laws, for the keeping in Repair, improving, and securing the said Harbour, and the Works to be erected, made, or let up in pursuance of this Act, and for regulating che Ships and Vessels coming into or lying within the said Harbour, and for regulating Carts and Carriages on the said Quays and Wharfs, and for ordering and forming Roads and Passages on the said Quays and Wharls, and also for ascertaining the Rates and Duties payable in pursuance of this Act; and may alf> from Time to Time, at any succeeding Quarterly Meeting, repeal, add to, amend, or alter such Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws, as to them shall appear requisite and necessary, and fix and appoint reasonable pecuniary Penal.ies, not exceeding Forty Shillings for each and every Breach or Non-observance of such Rules, Orders, or Bye-laws, or any of them; which said Penalties shall be recovered and applied in such Manner as the Fines and Penalt es imposed by this Act are d,reded to be recovered and applied; and the said Trustees, or any Twelve or more of them, shall cause the said Rules, Orders, and Bye-laws to be printed, and fixed or hung up at the moll public and conspicuous Places, as well within the said Harbour as within the said Town of Carnarvon, and at the Custom-houses of B(aumaris and Carnarvon, within Fourteen Days after tire fame shall be made, amended, altered, or repealed as aforesaid; and that no Person shall be liable to the Payment of any Penalty for che Non-performance or Breach of any such Rules, Orders, or Bye-laws, until after ithe fame shall have been hung up as aforesaid; which said Rules, Orders, and B, e-laws, or any Alteration thereof, shall not be repugnant to the L'ws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or any Thing in this Act contained; and all such Rules, Orders, and Bye-

+39

49* GEOPvGII III. Cap. 24.

Jaws, when To made or altered, shall be subject to Appeal to the Quarter St-dion' for the said County of Carnarvon, in such Manner as in theiaid recued Ad is particularly mentioned.

XLI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall K^tifet*bs not be lawtul for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or any si^n to the^ Surveyor or any Person or Persons acting under their Authority, to dig, ^cWcaumi* gather, get, take, or carry away any Materials for che Purposes of this before Mate-Act, out of or from any incioled Lands or Grounds, until Notice in Writing, signed by such Surveyor, or such Person or Persons, shall have been given to the Occupier of" the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before Two or more Justices of the Peace acting for the County or Place where such Premises shall lie, to shew Caule w.ty such Materials shall not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case f.ch Ociupicror his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, but dial I not shew sufficient Cauf: to the contrary, then and in such Case such Jul-lices shall and may authorize the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or such Surveyor or other Person or Persons by them employed, co dig, get, gather, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as to the said Trustees or such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, pufuantto such Notice, the f.iid Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they respectively shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposis as if loch Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Twelve or more of them, shall be and they are hereby fully empowered to erect i»gtheHar-any such new Quays, Piers, Warehouses, or other Works as aforesaid, 1,0

for the Convenience and Protection of the said Harbour, upon any Common or Waste Ground contiguous thereto, without making any Satisfaction for the lame, and also upon any private Grounds or Hereditament adjoining of near to the said Harbour, and being within One Hundred Yards of High-water Mark ac Spring-tides, or between High and Low-water Mark, first making Satisfaction to the Owners thereof and Persons interested therein for the Damage they may thereby sustain, and for that Purpose the said Trustees, or any Twelve or more of them, shall contract and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any such Grounds or Hereditaments, and all other Rights, Interests, and Property therein, for the Purchase thereof, or for any Loss or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by erecting such Quays, Wharfs,

Docks, Piers, or other Works as aforesaid, upon such Lands or Hereditaments.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That in case it shall be found necef- £°"efT t^n' fary for the more effectual carrying into Execution the Improvements of Purchue ot a theiaid Poit, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees or any Fcrry- _ Twelve or more of them, to purchase, by and with the Consent and Approbation (and not otherwise) of the Owner or Owners for the Time being of a certain Ferry over and across the River Stint, and to contract for and agree with such Owner or Owners as aforesaid, his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, for the Purchase of the said Ferry, and all the Rights,

Titles,

44°

Owners of l’remiies may erett Warehouses, Sec-

Bodi-s Politic, Trustees, vc. authorized to convey.

Form of Conveyance to be made to the Trusttta.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 74.

Title?, Interests, Payments, and Appurtenances to the fame belonging and appertaining.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That whenever such Warehouses, Dwelling-houses, or Buildings as aforesaid, shall be prnposed to be ended on Grounds and Areas so intended to be purchal'ed, the Owners and Occupiers thereof, or other Perfor.s interested therein, shall have it in their Option either to fell such Grounds or Areas to the said Trustees, or to build and confttud luth Warthoulcs Dweliing-houses, and Buildings thereon for their own Benefit, on Condition ot their doingtne fame according to a Plan to be produced by the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, and within a reasonable Time to be fixed by the said Trustets or any Seven or more of them.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Ye rs determi nable on any Life or Lives, and to and for all Trustets and Feoffees in Trust for charitable or other Uses, and all other Trustees and Feoffees in Trust whatsoever, Guardians, Committees of Lunatics and Idiots, and all other Guardians, Husbands, Executors, and Administrators whatsoever, not only for or on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Succ ffors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Tiults, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Persons whomsoever, and to and for all and every Ferae and Femes Covert who is, are, or shall be Lifed or entitled of or to any Estate of Freehold in Possession, or of or unto any Estate ot Inheritance in Possession, for her or their separate Use, and to and for every Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed or, or interested in or to any Lands, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which the said Trustees are by this Act enabled to purchase for any of the Purpr.fes aforesaid, ro treat for, fell, and convey, assign, or surrender all or any ofluclj Lrads, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments or any P,rtor Parcel thereof, and all their respective Interests therein, of what nature or kind fotver, to the said Trustees and their Successors and Assigns; and all Concrads, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, Conveyances, Assignments, Surrenders, and Assurances which shall be made by such Persons as aforesaid, shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons so conveying, but also to convey all the Right, Estate, Interest, Ule, Trust, Properly, Claim, and Demand whatsoever of their several and respective Cestuique Trust, whether Infants or Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Persons whomsoever, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under him, her, or them, or claiming or to claim in Remainder or Reversion, any Law, Statute, Usage, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstandingt and all loch Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, Conveyances, Assignmenis, Surrenders, and Assurances, shall be made at the Expence of the said Trustees, and shall be made in the Form or to the Effect following; (that is to lay),

I A.B. of in consideration of

* A the Sum of ro me paid by the Trustees appointed

* by an Act, intituled, An Act for enlarging, deepening, tieanjing, improving,

7 * and

441

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

•* regulating the Harbour of Carnarvon, and also an Act [ Here insert the Title of this API] Do hereby grant and release to the said Trustees and ' their Successors, all [describing the Premises to be conveyed'] and all my

* Right, Title, and Interest to and in the fame, and every Part thereof,

* to hold to the said Trustees and their Successors and Assigns for ever, by ‘ virtue and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Acts.

‘ In Witness whereof I have hereunto set my Hand and Seal this

* Day of in the Year of our

‘ Lord

And all such Contrails, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, Conveyances, Convnanc.ta Alignments, Surrenders, and Assurances of Lands, Tenements, anti He- L>lreglltered‘ rcditaments, so to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall be good, valid, and effectual, and the lame shall, within Six Calendar Months next after the making thereof, be registered or deposited amongst the Records of the Court of Great Sessiom for the County of Carnarvon, at the Expence of the said Trustees* and all such Persons so conveying or making such Assurances as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, notwithstanding any Omission or Mistake of Matter or Form whatfuevtr.

XEVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Body or Bodies Politic, in case of Re-Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Tenant or Tenants for Life, or in Fee Tail General or Special, or for Years determi- otthercaceto ruble on any Life or Lives, or any Feoffees in Trull for charitable or other Uses, Executors, Administrators, Guardians, Committees of Idiots or im^ajiuyi Lunatics, or Husbands or any Trustees for or on behalf of any Infant,

Feme Covert, or Ccfluique Tiult, or any other Person or Persons seised or posselfed of or interested in any such Lands, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments, fituace within the Diltance of One Hundred Yards above High-water Mark at Spring Tides, or between Fligh and Low-water Mark in the said Harbour, shall refuse or decline to treat or agree, or shall not agree, or by reason of Disabilicy, Absence, or any other Cause, cannot agree with the said Trustees, or with any Person or Persons authorized by them, for the Sale and Conveyance of their respective Estates and Imerelts therein, or shall not accept the Sum or Sums of Money which shall be offered by the said Trustees for the Purchase of the fame, or shall not produce and evince a clear Title to the Hereditaments of which they shall be in Possession, or to the Interest they claim therein, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case of any Disagreement respecting the Value of the Estate or Interest of any Proprietor or Person interested,

(when there arc more than one Person interested in such Lands, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments), or in case the Person or Persons entitled to or interested in the fame, shall be unknown, or cannot be found, or in case of any other Impediment to the Sale thereof, then and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for any One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Carnarvon, upon Application to him made by the said Trustees, and such Justice of the Peace is hereby authorized and required, within Ten Days after such Application shall be made, to lffuc his Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, directed to the Sheriff of the said County of Carnarvon, requiring him, and he is hereby authorized, dmded, and rtquiied accordingly, to impannel, sum non, and return a competent Number of substantial and disinterclted Person*

[Lee. tif Per.] 5 T of

44-2 49* GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

of the said County, qua'ified to serve on Juries in the Great Sessions of the said County of Carnarvon, not less than Twenty-four nor more than Forty-eight, and cut of such Persons so to be impannelled, summoned, t and returned, a Jury of Twelve Men shall be drawn by Lme PeTon to be "rawin'f«ch by the kid Justice appointed, in such Manner as Juries for the T rial of Man er uju- issues joined in the said Court of Great Session are usually drawn; which ColrtofGreat ^erlons 10 he impannelled, summoned, and returned as aforesaid, are ’Setion are hereby required to come and appear before the said Justice, at such Time uiuailvdrawn. ancj p|ace as jn such Warrant or Warrants, Precept or Precepts, shall be directed and appointed, and to attend the said Justice from Day to Day until discharged by him; and all Parties concerned shall and c--' tnee mav have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen, but shall not be at liberty to challengethe Array, and the said Justice is hereby authorized and empowered by Precept or Precepts from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to Call before him all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, who shall be thought proper and m-cessary to be examined, as a Witness or Witnesses, on his, her, or their Oath or Oaths, touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Justice, if he thinks fit, shall and may, on the Application of any Party or otiicrwife, authorize and require the said Jury to view the Lands or Hereditaments in question, and the said Justice shall have power to adjourn such Meeting from Day to Day, as Occasion shall require, and to command such Jury, WuncfTes, and Parties to attend until all such Ma ttrs for which /ii'e^Valiie^to the Y were summoned shall be decided or concluded; and the said Jury, Oath. upon their Oath (which Oath, as alf» the Oath of such Penon or Persons

as shall be called upon to give Evidence, the said Justice is hereby empowered and required to administe ), shall enquire of the Value ol such Lands, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and (in case there be more Proprietor or Persons interested than one, and the proportionate Value of their respective EfLtes or fnterelis be not ascertained and agreed upon) shall also enquire of the proportionate Value of the respective Estates and Interests of every Person or Persons Lifed or pofteff-d thereof, or interested therein, or of or in any Part thereof, and shall by their Ver-dist alfefs or award the Sum or Sums of Money to be paid to such Person or Persons respectively, for the Purchase of such Lands, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and of such respective Estates and Interests therein, and the said Justice shall and may give Judgement for such Sum or Sums Vtrdia of the of Money lb to be assessed; which said Verdict and Judgement (Notice in jury, to be Writing being given to the Person or Persons interestedr or claiming lo to be, at lead Ten Days before the Time or Meeting of the Lid Just.ce and Jury, by leaving such Notice at the Dwelling-house of such Person or Persons, or at hi-, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode, or with fomc Tenant or Occupier of some of the Lid Lands, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments, intended to be valued or assessed, or it a Corporation, with the Town Clerk or known and accredited Agent) shall be burning ana con-elufive to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as well a^ainit all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, and-all and every Person or Persons claiming any Estate, Right, Title, Trust, Ule, or Interest to or ouc of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Premises in Possession, Rever-fion. Remainder, or Expectancy, as well Infants as Issue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, and Femes Covert, and Persons under any legal Incapacity or Disabi-ltty, and all other Trusts, his, her, and their Heirs, Succ- (T rs. Exe-

cutors, and Administrators, and against all other Persons whomsoever;

and

443

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

and the said Verdict and Judgement, and all other Proceedings to the said Justice and Jury lo to be found, given, had, and pronounced as aforesaid, shall be fairly written on Parchment, and signed by the said Justice and Jury i and incase that the Sum or Sums of Money so to be afiefled and awarded as the Value of such Lands, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or such proportionate Value as aforesaid, shall not exceed the Sum or Sums of Money which the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, shall have previously offered as and for the Purchase of the said Lands, Rights, Tenements, and Hereditaments, then and in every such Case all the reasonable Colb, Charges, and Expences of causing and procuring such Value to be assessed and awarded by a Jury as aforesaid, and of so afieffing and awarding the fame, shall be borne and paid by the Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or other Person or Persons so seised or possessed of or interested in such Lands, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and so refusing to treat and agree as before mentioned respectively, and the said Trustees are hereby authorized and empowered to deduct and retain the said Colts, Charges, and Expences, out of the Sum or Sums of Money so to be afierfied or awarded as aforesaid, or out of any Part thereof; and the Payment of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to be a Payment of the whole Sum or Sums a fluffed and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the same shall not be paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the said Trustees by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for Che Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by this Act: Provided always, thac in all Cales where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, have been prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Cost> and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in. Manner aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That such Justice of the Peace for the said County of Carnarvon shall have Power from Time to Time to impose a reasonable Fine, not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds, on such Sheriff or his Deputy, Bailiffs or Agents, respectively, who shall make Default in the Premises, and on any and every of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on any such Jury or Juries, or being so sworn, shall not give his or their Verdict or Verdicts, and also On any Person or Persons who shall be summoned to give Evidence touching any of the Matters aforesaid, and shall not attend (having no sufficient Excuse), or shall refuse to be sworn or to affirm, or shall refuse to give his, her, or their Evidence, and on any other Person or Persons who shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect his, her, or their Duty in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and from Time to Time to levy such Fine or Fines, by Order of the said Justice respectively, by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, together with the reasonable Charges of every such Distress and Sale, returning the Overplus (if any) on Demand to the Owner or Owners thereof; and that the Order of the said Justice shall respectively be sufficient Authority to the Person or Persons therein to be appointed, and to every other Person or Persons acting, acting or assisting therein, to make such Distress and Sale; and all such Fines shall be paid to the said Truf-ttes, and be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

Just'ce for the County may fine S.terms, Junes* or Witnesses for nut itieajin

•444- 49* GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Garlic*s*not

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing

toTeInjured, herein contained Ih.ill extend, or be construed to extend, io enable the Paid ‘Trustees to take, use, injure, or damage any Dwelling-house or other Building, or any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors thereof, in Writing first had and obtained.

Wdicts to be

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That all such Verdictl', Judgements, recorded. Determinations, Decisions, Orders, and other Proceedings of the said Justice and Juries, as relate to or concern any of the Cales before mentioned, shall be entered among the Records of the said Court of Great Session, and shall be deemed and taken to be Records, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and the fame or true Copies thereof, shall be deemed and taken to be good and effectual Evidence and Proof, in any Court or Courts of Law or Equity whatsoever; and all Persons shall and may have Recourse to the famn gratis, and to take Copies thereof, paying for every Copy, not exceeding One Hundred Words, Sixpence, and so Immediately proportionably for any greater Number of Words; and immediately after after Verdicts j'uch Vtrdifts, Judgements, Determinations, Decifiuns, Orders, and et&P^r?inites other Proceedings of the said Justice and Juries, and upon Payment of 10 be vetted in the Monies so awarded or afieffed to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, be i luftees. or Upon payment of such Monies into the Bank of England in Manner by this Act directed, all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trull, Property, Claim, and Demand in Law and Equity, of the Person or Persons to whole Credit, cr for whole Ule or Benefit such Money shall be paid, into and out of the Lands, Rights, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises to be purchased as aforesaid, shall vefl in the said Trustees, and they shall be deemed in Law to be in the actual S-ifin or Possession thereof to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as fully and effectually as if every Person having any Estate in the said Premises had actually conveyed the fame by Lease and llrlcaie, Bargain and Sale inrolled. Feoffment and Livery of Setfin, Fine, Common Recovery, or any other Conveyance or Assurance whatsoever j and such Payment shall not only bar ail Right, Title, Interest, Claim, and Demand of the Person or Persons to whole Credit such Payment shall have been made, but shall also extend to be, and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower and Dowers of the W’fe and Wives of such Person and Persons, and all Estates Tail and other Estates in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expectancy, and the Ilfue and Issues of such Person and Persons, and every Person claiming under ihero, as effectually as Fines, or Common Recoveries vfrould do, if levied or suffered by the proper Parties in due Form of Law.

L. And be it further enacted, That the Money which shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Rights, Tenements, or H. rediuments, purchased,taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infants, Lunatics, or other Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall, in case the lame finali amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Piivity of the Accountant General of the High Com t of C bancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the said liultces, to the Intent that luen Money shall be applied, under

the

Application of Compensation Money w hen exceeding aool.

49° GEORGII 1TI. Cap. 24. 445

the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon Motion, or upon a Petition to be p if^rred >n a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the find Lands, Rights, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Rights,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments, standing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses,

Intents, or Purpol'es; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the Lid Courr, in the Purchase of other Lands, Rights,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the line Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which ■shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited.

Or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyances and Settlements shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of takingEffed; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of eitherofthesaid Courts respectively, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, or by and in the Name of such other Person or Persons asshall by such Court be appointed, in the Purchase of Three founds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purpose* aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Linds, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case »uch Purchase or Settlement were made.

LI.: Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money ^he!ecth°R so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Rights, Tenements, or Compeni'atiou Hereditaments, purchased, and taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, is,e/Vnd " and belonging to any-Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or any ceeds iol. other Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, fii.dl be Ids than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respectiveHands) be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid (at the like Option) to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons makingiuch Option, and approved of by the said Trustees,

(such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Wilting under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without fLot, & Per.'] $U obtaining

446

Application where the Money is less than tol.

In case of rot making out Titles j

fibieb to the Oilier of the Court of Chancery on Motion or Petition*.

Where any Qiieition shall nrile touching the Tnle to Money to he paid, the Prrson who shall be in Pof-IflBon at the Time of Purchase, shall he deemed entitled thereto.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

LII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Righis, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or ul'ed for the Purposes of this Act; in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fiti or in case of Infancy, Idiotcv, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Commitees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons, to whom any Sum or Sums o( Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Gale it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parlies inierested in the said Lanus, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [describing them], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which laid Court ot Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall Item meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Elfate or Estates, Title or interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court (ha)i i'eem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cafoiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the (lime is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall anse touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant-General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or interest in any Lands, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased, in pursuance of tins Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or interest cf any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who Chill have been m Pouession of such Lands, Rights, Tenements, or Heredita-

5 ments.

447

49° GE OR GIT III. Capiat

merits at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons,

shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Land?, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends, and Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and all'o the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made to appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fume Estate or Interest therein.

LV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of cila'nSrymay any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, enti- order rcaion-tied to any Lands, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall to be paid, be required to be paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, and applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, ic shall oe lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of making and completing all such Purchases, as shall from Time to Time be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court respectively shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall and they are hereby required to bear and pay the fame according to the Direction of such Court.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That every Tenant at Will, or Leffce for a Year, or any other Person or Persons in Possession of any such deliver poiTei* Land;, Rights, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, or any Part fion on si^ thereof, which shall be purchased by virtue of and for the Purposes of this Act, and who have no greater Interest in the Premises than as Tenant at Will, or as Lessee for a Year, or from Year to Year, shall deliver up the Possession cf such Premises to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall appoint to take Possession of the fame, upon Six Calendar Months Notice to quit such Possession from the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, or the Person or Persons so authorized by them; and such Person or Persons so in Possession shall at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, or so soon after as he, she, or they, shall be required, peaceably and quietly deliver up the Possession of the said Premises to the said Trustees, or the Person or Persons authorized by them to take Possession thereof as aforesaid; and that in case such Person or Persons so in Possession as aforesaid shall refuse to give such Possession as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Carnarvon, to issue his Precept or Precepts to the Sheriff of the said County, to deliver Possession of the said Lands, Rights, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, to such person or Persons as shall in such Precept or Precepts be nominated to receive the same; and the said Sheriff is hereby required to deliver such Possession accordingly of the said Premises, and to levy such Costs and Expences as shall be occasioned by the issuing and Execution of such Precept or Precepts, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons so refusing to deliver Possession as aforesaid.

LVII. An*

•44-8

49° GEORGII IB. Cap. 24.

Tender?f* kVlL And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons ivnci^al and who shall have any Mortgage or Mortgages on such Lands, Rights, ir.terett to Tenetp* its, and Hereditaments, ih II, on the Tender of the Principal and cclVLy‘ Interest due thereon, t'ge'hcr w it the Amount of Six Calendar Months-Interest on the said Principal Money, by the said Trustees, or by such Person or Persons as they fliill appoint, immediately convey, assign, and transfer such Mortgage or Murigagrs to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; or in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall have Notice in Writing from the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, that they will pay off and discharge the Principal Money and Interest which shall be due on the said Mortgage or Mortgages, at the End or Expiration of Six Calendar Months, to be computed from the Day of giving such Notice, that then at the End of the said Six Calendar Months, on Payment of the Principal and Interest so due, such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall convey, assign, and transfer ht3, her, or their Interest in the Premises to the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as shall be appointed in Trust for them; and in case such Mortgagee or Mortgagees shall refuse to convey and assign as aforesaid, on such Tender of Payment being made, that then all Interest on his, her, or their Mortgage or Mortgages, shall from thenceforth cease to accrue: Provided always, that in case the Principal Money and Interest due upon any such Mortgage or Mortgages shall amount to more than the real Value of the Premises, to be ascertained in the Manner directed by this Act, then the said Trustees shall not be liable to pay to the Mortgagee or Mortgagees any greater Sum of Money than such real Value of the said Premises, in Manner aforesaid.

Oa Refs fit, Interest to cease.

Wpcn Foment of the Principal and Intceil info •tic Bank,

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That in such Case of Refusal by the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees to convey and assign as aforesaid, and upon Payment of the Principal Money and Interest due on any Mortgage as aforesaid into the Bank of England, for the Use of the Mortgagee or Mortgagees, the Cathier or Cashiers of the said Bank shall give a Receipt or Receipts for the said Money, in like Manner as is herein-before directed in case of other Payments into the said Bank, and thereupon all the Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trust, Property, Claim, and Demand of the said Mortgagee or Mortgagees, and of all and every Person and Persons in Trust for him, her, or them, shall be vested in the said Trustees, and they shall be deemed to be in actual Possession of all the Lands, Rights, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises comprised in such Mortgage or Mortgages, to all Intents and Purposes whatso-

mises.

Monica to be

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money, Confide-COTtfbefore rations, Recompence, or Satisfaction, to be paid or made pursuant to any any Use made such Agreement or Vtrdid as aforesaid, or in Discharge of any such i.»the Pre- Mortgage, shall be paid or tendered to the Party or Parties entitled to the fame, or paid into the Bank of England as aforesaid, before the said Trustees or any Person or Persons authorized by them shall proceed to use or take Possession of any Lands, Rights, Tenements, or Hereditaments, comprised in or affected by such Agreement, Verdict, or Mortgage respectively, for any of the Purposes of this Act.

49*< GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

LX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, before they jj|all sell and dispose of any Piece or Parcel of Ground as aforesaid, do and ‘-all offer the same to the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Jom whom the same shall have "been purchased; and incafe such Person or ersons, Bodies Politic'or Corporate, respectively, shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse (except in respect to and on account of the Price thereof as herein-after mentioned) to purchaseor repurchase the fame respectively, any Affidavit to be made or sworn before any Master, or Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Carnarvon, (who are hereby empowered and required to take the fame), by some Person or Persons no way interested in the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, fluting that such Offer was made by or on the Part and Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate as aforesaid, to whom the fame wasfo offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate as aforesaid, to whom such Offer was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall bedefirous of repurchafing the fame, and he, she, or they, and the said Trustees, shall differ and noc agree with respfeft to the Price rhcrrCof, then the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury, in Manner as in this Act is directed with fefpeft to disputed Value of Prem fes to be purchased by the said Trustees as aforesaid in pursuance of this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determining fetch Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as hereinbefore directed with respect to stich Purchases made by the said Trustees, mutatis mutandis, and the Money to' arile by the Sale or Sales thereof, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act as before mentioned: Provided always, that such ‘Su'm or Value shall in no Cafe be less than any other Person or Persons is pr shall be ready to give for the bond fide Purchase thereof, or of any Part thereof.

LXI. And be it further enacted, That full Recompence and Satisfaction shall be made by the said Trustees by annual Renr or Rents, and not otherwise, for all such Tythes as would have been issuing from or out of any Lands which shall be taken or made use of for the Purposes of this Act, to the several Persons who now are, or at any Time hereafter may become entitled to furh Tythes, according to their respective Interests therein, such Tythe, to be estimated at a fair Proportion of the average Yearly Value of the said Lands for the last Seven Years preceding such Purchase of the fame, and in case of any Difference respecting the Value thereof, the same shall be ascertained in such and the like Manner as the Value of any Lands or other Hereditaments is herein-before directed to be ascertained.

■ i I •»

LXIT. And, to the end that a sufficient Sum of Money may be speedily raised for the Purposes of this Act, and in order to secure the Re-payment of the fame, be it further enacted, That it‘shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, by one or more Indenture or Indentures in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to mortgage or assign the Rates or Duties granted by this Act as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money by them to be [Lee. (if Fer.J 5 X borrowed

449

On Sale of Ground, the first ©fftr to to be made to the Person from whom the fame was put chafed.

■ ' \ »ri?

Satisfaction to be made for Tythes.

Power to borrow Money.

4_jjo 490 GEORGIII III. 24*

borrowed (not exceedinn in the whole the Sum of Twen y thousand Pound8) for the Ends and Purposes of this Act, to any Person or Bcifuns, or Bo<jliei Politic or Corporate, that shall be willing to lend or advance the fame for securing the Re-payment thereof, with Interest after the Rate of Five Pounds per Centurtiper Anlmm, unless it can be got for a less Rate or Interest (Copies ot all which Mortgages or Alignments shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose); and all and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed shall be paid into the Hands of the said j. rul-rdes, or of the Clerk or Clerk's j Treasurer or Treasurers, to be by them appointed, the Coils and Charges of all which Mortgages or Assignments shall be borne and paid out of the Rates and Duties hereby granted i and all and every Sum and Sums of Money advanced and paid by way of Loan as aforesaid, and the Interest payable for the lame respectively, shall be That no Pn- charged and chargeable upon the Rates and Duties hereby granted; and by' Mongagt. that no Priority or Preference shall be had or taken by any of the Morfga* gees in respect of the Dates of their Mortgages or Assignments, except as (o the Mortgage or Mortgages for raising Money for passing this Act j and that the Mortgages and Assignments shall be made out in the Form specified in the said recited Act.

fjcpcnc?! of the Act how

to be paid.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of and incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and all Money borrowed for the Purpose of defraying the Cods, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, and which may or shall be secured on Mortgage or otherwise, together wnh lawful Interest for the fame, shall be paid and defrayed out of the first Sums of Money which' shall be received or collected’ by virtue of this Act, after pay* ing the Expences of collecting the fame, and the Remainder of such Duties shall from Time to Time be applied in carrying into Execution the Purposes of this and the said recited Act, and in paying the Interest which shall from Time to Time become due and payable, or any Monies borrowed and due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Act, and to be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and thereafter from Time to Time as any Surplus shall arise after such Payment as aforesaid, in repaying the Sum so borrowed as aforesaid.

Ferfimstaking

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, ‘That all and ev^ry lfab'etoPenal- ^>er^on and Per fans who shall give false Evidence oh Oath before any Jul-t'iesofPerjury- 1>CC of the Peace respecting any Matter Or Thing, or any Evidence under this Act, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame, and upon Convictio/i thereof shall be subject to such Punishments and Disqualifications as any Person or Persons can or may be subject to for witful and corrupt Perjury by atjj of the Laws or Statutes of this Realm.

Pilot!ofshipt

LXV. And be it further enacted, That every Pilot or Pilots who (halt

c/tLvs* ^ave P‘*otec* any Ship or Vessel in or through the said Straits, (ir

Kame!"ttc. required) deliver to the Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or

Duties, the Names of all Ships or Vessels whit h they have been employed or have been engaged to pilot in the said Straits, together with the Masters Mames, and Tonnage or Draught of Water of such Ship or Vessel, on pain of forfeiting for any Neglect therein a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds. 1 '

49° GEORG 11 Iff. Gap.* 4.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Foifei-tures by this Adimposed, or to be imposed by any Bye-Law or Bye-Laws made under the Authority thereof, the Manner of levying and recovering whtreof is not before directed, not exceeding Twenty Pounds, or in respect whereof any Sum lelsf(han Twenty Pounds may be awarded, at the Dtfcre-tion of the Justice or Justices hearing the Offence, may be levied and recovered within Twelve Calendar Months after the Offence or Offences committed, before any Justice or Justices of the Peace authorized to ad under the Authority of this Act, where the Offence shall be committed; or if committed by any Pilot, or Perfoq or Persons-claiming, or who Shall have claimed to,aci as a Pilot or Pilots before any Justice as aforesaid, or if committed by any Owner or Master of any Ship or Vessel bffote any Justice as aforesaid, or Justice of the City, Town, or Port at which such Owner or Owners or Master shall reside, or to which the Ship of such Owner or Master ffull belong, anti fitch Justice or Justices is an. fare hereby-authorized and required, upon Information exhibited dr Complaint made, to grant a Warrant to bring before him or them such Offender or Offenders at the Time and Place in such Warrant specified; and if on the Conviction Of the Offender or Offender's reflectively, or on his, her, or their Confel-fion, or oil Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer), such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful fdr such Justice or Justices to commit any such Offender to the Common Goal or Plobfe df Gnrredion for the ■County, City, <ot Place where the Offence (hah be committed; or in calc tho.fame shall be committed by any Pilot, then of the County, City, or Place to which fuel* Pilot shall belong or IhalPbe apprehended; there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Ca-.kndarMunths, unless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all reasonable Charges..attending the Recovery thereof, shall be sooner paid: Provided always,[that no Justice prMagistrate shall in any Cale award a Sum exceeding Twenty Pounds.

jpu.lt>.. il... ... ' b.:;. -..1 f*i H tm " _ 1 ./S'

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person against whom Warrant shall be. iff.ied by any Justice or Justices, before o. after any 'Cpnvtdion for any Offence against this Act, shall escape, go into, or reside, or be in an County, Riding, Dtvision, Ci'y, Liberty, Town, or jPiace out of the Jurisjidion of such Justice or Justices granting such Warrant or Warrants; or if the Goods and Chattels of any Offender convicted of any Offence in pursuance of thi,s Act, shall be in a diff rent County, Riding, Dj^ifion,-City, Liberty, Town or Place than where the’said Party was convided/( or Warrant of Dtftyels granted, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace of the Couqty, Riding, Division, City, Liberty, Town or Place into wlpch the Paijy Shall eicape, either before or after the Conviction, and ih.ty and every of them are hereby required, upon Ptopf mad;: upon Oath of^tj pjand,writing of any Justice or Justices granting such Warrant or Warrants, to indorse Such Warrant, and the fame when lb indorsed shall be a sufficient Authority to all Peace Officers and other Personsi therein named to execute fuph Watrapt in such County,] Riding, pivffibn^ City, Liberty, Town or Place out of the JufifdiptTon of the justice or Justices respectively so granting ihp fame; and on the 'Offender oi* Offenders being apprehended, he or they shall and may be carried before the Justice or Justices who granted the original Warrant, to be dealt with according to Law: Provided always,

that

451

Certain Penalties to be recovered tiefore Justices of Peace.

Persons leaping into other Counties may bp ioliowed.

45*

Distrcfs not unlawful (or Want of Form.

Conviction of Offender s.

Form of Conviction.

Proceedings not to be removed into superior Courts.

Witnessei-

49* georg i i iii. Cap. 24-

that any Person or Persons who shall think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved, shal) and may appeal to the Quarter Sessions f >r the said County of Carnarvon, in Manner in the said recited Act mentioned and contained.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, or any of the Bye-laws to be made in pursuance of the Powers of this and the said recited Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Dcfcdt or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or the Proceeding relating thereto.

LXIX. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act and Bye-Laws as aforesaid, be it further enacted, That all and every Justice and Justices of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may in all Cales where the Form of Conviction is not herein-before directed, cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the following Form; (that is to say),

* T?E it remembered, That on the Day of in the

* Year of our Lord A.B. is convicted before me [or, us] One [or. Two, as the Case may be~\ of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace authorized to act under an Act passed in the

* Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for the

* [here specify the County, City, Division or Place, or Harbour, ‘Pawn,

* Borough, or Port where the Conviction shall he made, and also the Offence, ‘ and the Time and Place when and where committed, at the Case may be]

* contrary to the said Act t for which Offence I adjudge the said A.B. to

* have forfeited the Sum of Given under my

‘ Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year first before

* mentioned.’

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Certiorari or other Writ or Process for the Removal of any such Conviction, or any Proceedings thereon, into any of His Majesty Courts of Recoid at Weffmin/ier, shall be allowed or granted.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person who shall be summoned as a Witness before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, shall refuse or neglect to appear at the Time by such Summons appoimed, and {hew no Cause for such Neglect or Refusal, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, on Proof of such Summons having been served, to issue his or their Warrant under his Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to bring such Person before him or them; and if on Appearance, or on being broughc before any Justice or Justices, such Person or Persons shall refuse to be examined on Oath, or being a professed Quaker upon solemn Affirmation, concerning the Premises, without having some just Cause for such Neglect or Refusal, such Person or Persons shall forfeit for every such Neglect or Refusal a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds, to be recovered as other Penalties are hereby made recoverable.

LX XII, And

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

LXXIf. And be it further enacted, That in care any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Rates or Duties or any of them, the Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, ftnl! not be ditqua-lified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being appointed to coiled such Rates or Duties.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons employed by the said Trustees for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, Fourteen Days previous Notice thereof shall be given to the Clerk or Treasurer to the said Trustees, and every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six, Calendar Months next after the Cause of Action shall arise, and not afterwards; and such Action or Actions shall be laid or brought in the said County of Carnarvon and not elsewhere j and the Defendant or Defendants in all Actions or Suits so brought, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Ttid to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or that such Action or Suits was brought after the Time so limited, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited or suffer aDiscontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Suit, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and shall have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

LXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to alter, abridge, diminish, or take away any of the Rights, Tolls, Benefits, Privileges, Emoluments, Liberties, Franchises, or any former or other Jurisdiction, which che Mayor, Bailiffs, or Burgesses of the said Town and Borough of Carnarvon were possessed of, or had a Right unto by Charter, Prescription, Custom, or otherwise howsoever before the passing of this Act.

LXXV. Saving always to all and every other Person and Persons. Bodies Politic and Corporate whatsoever, all such Right, Title, and Interest whatsoever, as they and every or any of them had or enjoyed of, in, to, or out of the Premises herein-mentioned, or any of them or any Part hereof, before the passing of this Act, or could have enjoyed in ca(e this Act had not been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary nutwich-standing.

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by ail Judges, Justices, andothers, without being specially pleaded.

[Lee. Ssf For:J 5 T SCHEDULE

453

Collectors of Rates not incompetent Witnesses.

Limitation of Actions.

General IiTu«*

Treble Cofl*.

Saying the Rights of the Corporation of Carnarvon.

Saving the Rights of all other Persons-

Publick Act,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

SCHEDULE (A.)

For all Ships or Vessels belonging to Foreign Subjects, coming from Foreign Parts, and unloading their Cargoes within the Limits of the said Port of Carnarvon, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of One Shilling per Ton; but if only unloading Part of their Cargoes, and proceeding to another Port with the Remainder, not exceeding the Sum of Mine-pence per Ton.

For all Ships or Vessels belonging to Foreign Subjects, loading within the Limits of the said Port with Slates or any other Merchandize, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Sixpence per Ton.

For all Ships or Vessels belonging to Foreign Subjects, passing or failing through the Straits of Menai, or arriving at or in the said Port by Stress of Weather or otherwise, without unloading all or any Part of their Cargoes within the Limits of the said Port, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Sixpence per Ton.

For all Ships or Vessels belonging to His Majesty's Subjects, coming from Foreign Parts (Ireland excepted"), unloading their Cargoes within the Limits of the said Port, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Sixpence per Ton; but if only unloading Part of their Cargoes and proceeding to another Port with the Remainder, not exceeding Four-pence per Ton; but if only coming to the said Port by Sirefs of Weather, or otherwise failing through the said Straits, not exceeding the Sum of Three-pence per Ton.

For all Coasting Vessels unloading within the Limits of the said Port, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Three-pence p,r Ton; but if only unloading Part of their Cargoes, and proceeding to another Port with the Remainder, not exceeding the Sum of Two-pence per Ton.

For all Coasting Vessels unloading within the Limits of the said Port, having above One Half of their Cargoes of Coals or Culm, and the Remainder of any other Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two-pence per Ton; but if with Coals or Culm only, not exceeding One Penny per Ton.

For all Ships or Vessels loading within the Limits of the said Port with Slates, Copper Ore, Corn, or any other Merchandize, bound to any Foreign Parts, Ireland or Coastways, any Sum net exceeding Threepence per Ton.

For all Coasting Vessels laden or Part laden with Goods (except Lime-stone, Sand, and Manure), passing through the said Straits, any Sum not exceeding Two-pence per Ton; if laden with Limeltone or in Ballast, not exceeding One Penny per Ton.

5

SCHEDULE

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 24,

455

SCHEDULE (B.)

RATES and DUES to be paid for landing and /hipping of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, in the Port of Carnarvon, which may be imported, exported, brought and carried Coastwise, and referred to in and by the foregoing Act.

Ale, Beer, and Porter, the Butt

the Hogshead the Barrel the Half Barrel

bottled, packed in Hampers, or other wise, the Gross Alum, the Hundred Weight Anchors Do.

Anvils Do.

Apples and Pears, the Bushel Argol, the Hundred Weight Ashes of all Sorts, the Hundred Weight Anchovies, the Barrel* 16 Pounds Alabaster, the Hundred Weight Arms, the Chert:

Bark, Oak and Birch, the Ton Bacon and Beef, the Hundred Weight Butter, the Hundred Weight

Baggage or Luggage, the Parcel,«the Hundred Weight

Biscuit or Bread, the Hundred Weight

Books, the Hundred Weight

Eottles of all Sorts, the Gross

_ r C new, the Hundred Weight

BrfJold, Do.

Brtmftone, Do.

Brooms, Hair, the Gross -

all other Sorts, the Gross -

Bullru/hes the Load* 63 Bundles Burr, for Millstones, the Hundred Weight Bones, old, the Ton ——

Bells, the Hundred Weight -

Bellows, Smiths, each -

small, in Bundles of Six each Bricks and Pantiles, the Thousand

Paving and Malt Kiln Tiles, the Dozen large Fire, the Ton Black Jack, the Ton

Buys, Oxen, or Cows, and Heifers, each

d.

1 0

0 8

0 6

0 4

0 6

0 2

0 3

0 6

0 2

0 6

0 2

0 2

0 2

0 6

0 3

0 6

0 7

0 2

0 2

0 3

0 6

0 1

0 1

2 0

O of

O 3t

1

45$

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

X.

Barilla, the Ton -

Bares, made of old Junk, the Dozen

Boots, the Pair

Basket R ods, the Bundle

Baskets, Hand, the Dozen -

Bast or Straw Bonnets or Hats, each

Beads, the Pound

Berries for Dyers Use, the Hundredweight

Birds, Singing, the Dozen

Blacking, the Hundred Weight

Bladders, the Four Dozen

Bowls or Buckets of Wood, the Dozen

Bristles, the Dozen Pounds

Building Stones, the Ton

1

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

o

d.

2

t

2

It

I

1

6

6

6

°v

2

it

1

Cables and Cordage, tarred or not, the Hundred Weight Call Iron Wheels for Corn Mills, the Hundred Weight Calves, each -

Candles, the Hundred Weight -

Candle-wick, the Hundred Weight Cannons, the Hundred Weight , ,

Cards, playing, the Gross

1 Wool, the Dozen -

Carpets, the Piece of 100 Yards

Carriages, a Waggon, each a Cart, each

a Coach and Four Wheels a Chaise and Four Wheels a Chaise and Two Wheels Charcoal, the ioo Bushels Corpse - •_

Cheese, the Hundred Weight

Cyder, the Hogshead

the Barrel _ the Kilderkin

bottled, packed in Hamper or otherwise, the Gross Coals, Culm, or Cinders, the Chaldron

Copper, wrought, the Hundred Weight unwrought, the Ton Copperas, the Hundred Weight Cordage, twice laid, the Hundred Weight Corks, for every Ten Gross Cork, the Hundred Weight

Corn and Grain; viz. Barley, Beans, Indian Corn, Maize, Oats, Pease, Rye, Tares, and other Grain (except Wheat and Malt), the Quarter Wheat, Do.

Malt, Do.

Flour or Meal, the Sack,

Coffee, the Hundred Weight Carrots, the Load of 40 Bushels

o 7

O I

O I

o 6 o 6 o 6 a 6

0 3$

1 8 3 6

2 6 5 o

3 6

2 6

2 6

5

0 4

1 o o 8

0 6

1 o

o 4

0 3

2 o

O I

0 3 o 6. o 6

0 3

o 6 o 4

0 2.

1 O O 2.

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 24.

457

Chalk, the Ton

Coach, Chaile, Waggon, or Cart Wheels, the Pair

Canes, or Reeds, the Bundle

Clay, Pipe, the Ion

Cornish Tiles, each

Cloth, the Pack

the Bale -

the Truss Cucumbers, pickled, the 120 Cuttle Bones, the Thousand Cord of Wood, each Crate of Glass Ware

s. d.

- 0 3

- o 3

O I

0 6 .10

1 6

2 O

I o

I o I 6 o of 0 9’

Down, the Dozen Pounds - - - -- o

Drugs, Simples, or Medicinal Herbs, the Hundred Weight - 2

Dye Woods of all Kinds, per Hundred Weight - o

Earthenware, the Crate -

Eggs, the Hundred, Six Score Elephants Teeth, the Hundred Weight Enamel, the Pound -

Empty Soap or Candle Chests, or Boxes, the Dozen small - - Do.

Barrels of Porter, Ale, Cyder, or any other Liquor, each Half Barrels - Do. - each

Hogsheads - Do. - each

Butts - Do. - each

Feathers for Beds, the Hundred Weight, dressed

undrelfed, the Hundred Weight

Fish, Lobsters, the Hundred -

Oysters, the Thousand -

Stock Fifti, the 120

Sturgeon, the Keg

Turbots, the Hundred Weight Herrings, the Barrel -

Salmon, the Hundred

Hake, Codfish, Ling, Haddocks, and all other cured Fish, the Hundred Weight -

Flannel, the Piece -

Flax, dressed, the Hundred Weight

undressed Do.

Fustians, the Piece -

Fullers Earth, for every Hundred Weight Fern Ashes, the Ton Freeftone, the Ton -

Flintltones, the Ton

Fellies, Waggons, the Set, Thirteen

Coach or Cart, the Set, 13 -

Flocks, the Hundred Weight -

Frieze, the Score Yards -

[Lee. U Per.} 5

1 3 o 9

o 6 0

o 6 o 7 o 6

0 3

o if

O I

O if o 6

° 3 o 6

0 6

1 o o 6 o 1

o if O I O 2 O ft

4-58

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Furriers Waste, fit only for making Glue, the Hundred Weight Farming Implements, a Piece -

Fowls of all Kinds, the Sco/e -

Furniture of all Sorts, not particularly mentioned and described, per Cubic Foot

Galls, the Hundred Weight -

Glass, Window, the Crate

the Side the Cafe

G’ue, the Hundred Weight - «• -

Glovers Chipping*, the Hundred Weight

Gold, wrought, the Ounce -

Grain for Dyers, the Hundred Weight

Gum, the Hundred Weight -

Grindflones, the Foot Diameter -

Guns or Firelocks, and Pistols, each -

Gunpowder, the Barrel

Gun Flints, in Calks of 5 Hundred Weight, each Gun-Stocks, the Dozen -

Grocery; viz.

Almonds, the Hundred Weight Cinnamons, Cloves, Mace, and Nutmegs, the Pound Weight

Dates and Figs, the Hundred Pounds Liquorice, the Hundred Weight Prunes, the Hundred Weight Raisins, Common, the Hundred Weight

- of the Sun, the Hundred Weight

Sugar Candy, the Hundred Weight —— Refined or Lump Do.

*-----Raw Do.

Pepper - Do.

Currants - Do.

Goats, the Dozen -

Grates, Stove, each -

Kitchen, each -

Haberdashery, the Hundred Weight Hair; viz.

Camel, the Hundred Weight Cow and Ox . Do.

Elk - Do.

Horse - Do.

Human Hair, the Pound Goats, the Hundred Weight Hardware Do.

Hats, the Dozen Hay, the Ton

Hemp, the Hundred Weight Hides, Cow or Ox, in the Hair, each

s. d.

0 6

0 2

0 If

0 if

0 4

0 8

0 6

0 8

0 2f

1 0

0 4'

0 1

0 2

0 6

0 2

0 2

0 6

0 cf

0 6

0 6

0 6

0 3

0 6

0 8

0 8.

0 3

0 6

0 3

0 6

0 1

0 2

0 6

0 6

0 2-

0 2.

0 2 i

0 1

0 2

0 4

0 2

0 5

0 3

o 7,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 24,

459

Hides, Horse, in the Hair, each . O d. 0^-

Hoops, final), the Hundred - - O of

Pipe and Butt Do. ) . - O I

Hogshead Do. > Wood - O I

White, the Bundle V - - O 1

Strait Do. - . O I

Honey, the Barrel, of 42 Gallons . O 6

Hops, the Hundred Weight - O 8

Horns, Ox and Cow, the Five Score - O if

Horses, Mares, and Geldings, each - O 10

Hosiery, the Hundred Weight - a 4

Hurdles, the Dozen . 0 of

Hair Powder, the Hundred Weight - 0 5

Hand-Scoops, the Dozen - 0 1

Harp-Strings, the Gross of Twelve Dozen Knots 0 2

Head-Matter, for every Hundred Weight - - 0 4

Hearth Brushes, the Hundred Weight - 0 2

Household Furniture; viz. Chest of Drawers 0 4

Bureau - 0 5

Bed - 0 6

Bedstead - 0 2

Table, large - 0 3

small or round - 0 2

Clock and Cafe . 0 10

Sofa . 0 6

Chair - 0 1

Chest - 0 2

Boxes, per Cubic-Foot - 0 1

Trunks Do. - 0 1

Hones, the Hundred, Five Score 0 1

Herrings, per Barrel " 0 2

Incle, unwrought, the Hundred Weight . 0 4

India Goods, the Ten Pieces - 0 4

Indigo, the Pound - 0 of

Iron, the Hundred Weight - 0 2

Iron, Pig Do. 0 1

Iron Pots Do. - 0 4

Iron Ware Do. * - 0 4

Iron Hoops Do. - 0 2

Ivory Do. - 2 6

Iron, old, the Ton - * 1 6

Ink for Printers, the Hundred Weight - 0 6

Kelp, the Ton - 1 6

Lace, of Gold or Silver, the Pound Troy - 3 o-

Lamb Black, the Hundred Weight - 0 8

Laths, the Th ufand - 0 5

Lead, the Hundred Weight - 0 2

Lead Shot, the Hundred Weight - - 0 2

460

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Lead Ore, the Ton -

Leather, tanned, the Hundred Weight Lemons, the Chest -

Linen Yarn, the Hundred Weight Linen; viz.

Calicoes, plain White, the Piece printed Do.

Cambricks or Lawns Do.

Hessian Canvas, the 120 Ells Damalk Tabling Cloth, the Piece Diaper Tabling Do. Do.

Drilling, the 120 Ells Flanders and Holland Linen, the Piece Germany and East Country Cloth, except Russia, the 120 Ells

Irish Cloth, the Piece

Russia Linen, the 1 20 Ells Do. narrow Do. -

Russia Sail Cloth, 120 Ells British Sail Cloth, 120 Ells French, Spanish, and Portugal Linen, the Piece Linen of all Sorts, made of Hemp or Flax, British Manufacture the Piece, not exceeding 40 E11&

Lard, the Hundred Weight Lime, the Score Quarters

Madder, the Hundred Weight

Mats, Russia, the Hundred Welsh Do.

Matting, the Roll -

Mugs, the String -

Chimnies, each

Molasses, the Hundred W eight Moss, Rock for Dyers Ule, the Hundred Weight Mum, the Barrel, 32 Gallons Marble, the Ton -

Nails, the Hundred Weight Nuts, the Bushel

Nets, the Hundred Weight

Ochre Do.

Oakum Do.

Oil, the Chest -

Sal lad Oil, the Hogshead Train Oil or Blubber, the Ton Olives, the Jar -

Onions, the Bulhel

Oranges, the Chest -

Orclial and Orchelia, the Hundred Weight

Oil Cakes - Do.

d.

o 4 o 8 a 4 o 4 o 8 o 2

o 6 o a

o 6 o 4 o 6 o 6 o 2

o 2

o 2 0 3

O 3 O 2 O I

O 2 O I

'/•"h

49° GEORGII III. Ca\ 24.

461

Pack Thread, the Hundred Weight Painters Colours Do. r -

Paper, Writing and all other Sorts (exceptTobacco and Packing Paper), the Ten Reams or Hundred Weight Tobacco and Packing Paper, the to Reams or Hundred Weight -

Sheathing, the Hundred Weight Stained Do.

Pasteboard Do. -

Parchment Shavings, the Bafkst Pelts the Hundred Weight -

Pewter, wrought, the Hundred Weight old Pewter Do.

Pipes, Tobacco, the Gross -

Pitch and Tar, the Barrel -

Philter ot' Paris, the Hundred Weight Pomegranates, the Thousand -

Potatoes, the Quarter -

Perry, the Ton ot 252 Gallons -

Platters of Wood, the Shock, 60 -

Ploughs and Harrows, each -

Quicksilver, the Hundred Weight Quills, the Thousand -

Rags, old, old Ropes, Junk, or old Fishing Nets, fit only for making Paper or Pafieboard, the Hundred Weight Rice, the Hundred Weight -

Rosin Do. -

Rugs, Irish, the Piece —

Reeds for Thatching, 6c Bundles -

Rye Grass, the Quarter -

Saintfoin Seed Do. -

Salt, the Bushel -

Rock Do. -

Saltpetre, the Hundred Weight -

Sand, foreign, the Ton -

Satin, the Piece -

Seeds of all Kind, not otherwise specified, the Quarter Garden Seed, the Score Pounds Sheep, the Score -

Shumack, the Hundred Weight Silk; viz.

Raw, the Hundred Weight

Stuffs of Silk only, the Pound

Silk Stockings and Sewing Silk, the Pound

Silk and Incle - Do. * T

Silk and Worded - Do.

Shovels of Wood, the Dozen -

i. d.

o 6

0 3 o 10

° 5 ° 5 o 10 o 4

O 2f O if o 6 o 4

O I

0 3 o 2 o 6 o 1 2 o 0 3

o if

2 4

O 2\

o of O if 0 If

O I

o 6

o of

o if

O I

o of o 6

0 6

1 o o 2 o 2 o 4 O 2

1 2 O O 4 o 4

O 2 O 2 O I

[Loc.&Per.'] 6A

/Ji2

49® GGEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Skins; viz.

Bear, Elk, Moose, Leopard, Sable, Panther, Tiger, and Wolf, the Skin -

Badger, Beaver, Buck, Deer, Fisher, Otter, or Seal,

the Skin

Sheep, Goat, Lamb, and Kid, the Dozen Skins Coney and Hair, the Six Score ' Calf, the Dozen

Skins, Spanish, the Piece 'Bourdeaux Skins, the Piece Slates, according to the Cudomary Calculation, the Ton framed for Schools, &c. the Dozen pencils for Writing on, per Hundred Weight Soap, the Hundred Weight Spirits, Britishi, the Pipe, 126 Gallons

Foreign; viz. Arrack, Rum, Brandy, Geneva, am ali other Spirits (except British) the Pipe Starch, the Hundred Weight Steel Do.

Stockings of Worded, the Dozen Pair of Cotton Do.

Stonesviz.

Emery, the Hundred Weight Grave, of Slate Do.

Grave, of Marble, unwrought Do.

Do. wrought Do.

Mill - Do.

Paving Stones, the Ton , Pebble Stones Do.

Querne Stone, the Dozen Pair Block Stones, the Ton Flag Stones Do.

Whet Stones, the Hundred Weight ■Stuffs of all Sorts, made or mixed with Wool, the Piece Suceade, the Hundred Weight Swan Skins, the Piece Snuff, the Hundred Weight Swine, p-r Head -

Soapers Wade, the Ton Spokes, Waggon, the Set, 25 Cozen or Cart Do.

Straw, the Load Smelt, the Hundred Weight Soc t, the Bushel Sails of Ships and Vessels, and Wind Mills, new, the 20 Yard

old Do.

Sedan Chair, each Shoes, the Dozen Pair Ships or Vessels, every new, built in the Fort of Carnarvon, per Ton of her Burthen

d.

0 1

0 of

0 t

0 2

0 2

0 I

0 I

0 2

0 I

0 2

0 3

10 6

15 0

1 0

0 2

0 «f

0 2

0 if

0 1

0 2

0 4

0 if

0 1

0 of

0 6

1 3

0 2

0 if

0 2

0 4

0 4

1 0

0 3

0 of

0 if

0 1

0 if

0 if

0 2

0 if

0 of

0 6

0 4

0 4

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Turpentine, the Hundred Weight

Oil Do.

Tallow - Do.

Tarns, the Hogshead

Tea, the Hundred Weight

Thick or Ticks for Beds, the Piece Tin, the Hundred Weight Tin Ware Do.

Tobacco Do.

Tongues, dried Do.

Tongues and Sounds Do.

Tortoise Shell, the Pound Tow, the H; ndred Weight Treenails, the Thousand Twine, the Hundred Weight Turmeric, the Ton

Teaches and Furnaces of Copper or Iron, each Tools of all Sorts, a Piece

t. d.

° 3

o 4.

0 3 o 4

3 5

O I

o 6 2 o o 2 o 2 o of o 2 O 2f o 6 o 6 o 2 O I

Verdigrease, the Hundred Weight Vinegar, the Twenty Gallons

o 4 o 4

Wax, the Hundred Weight -

Whale Fins Do.

Whiting Do.

Waistcoats, Knit, the Dozen -

Wine of ail Sorts, the Pipe, except British Wine, British, the Pipe -

Wine, in Bottles, the Dozen

White Lead, the Hundred Weight Wire - Do. -

Woad - Do. -

Wood; viz.

Anchor Stocks, the Dozen -

Balk, large, the 120

Balk, small, Do.

Battens Do.

Batten Ends, Do.

Beach and other Boards, except Wainscot Do.

Ditto, above 14 Feet, 120

Beach Rails, the Load -

Brazil and Box Wood, the Hundred Weight

Deals, above 20 Feet, 120

Ditto, above 14 Feet, 120

Ditto, under Do. Do.

Deal Ends, the 120 - - * -

Fire Wood, the Fathom Fir Timber, the Load All other Sorts of Timber, not particularized, the Load -

Fir Quarters, the 120

o

o

o

o

10

6

o

o

o

o

0

3

1

2

0 2 5

1

o

5

3

3

o

o

o

o

3

4

4

of

1 6

0

2f

2 2 4

1

o

9

6

6

6

o

oto O VC to 0 to o <0

4&4

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 24.

Wood—covtLiued.

Fustick, the Hundred Weight.

Bandfpikes, the 120 -

Lathwuod, 4 Feet the Fathom Do. 6 Do. ,

Lignum Vitse^the Hundred Weight

Logwood and other Dyers Wood not specified Do. -

Mahogany, the Ton -

C Great -

* Mails, the Piece < Middle FSmall

Oak and other Planks, the Load Oars, the 120

Pale Boards, the 120

C Great Spars, the 120 < Middle

h Small -

Staves, Pipe or Butt, the 120 "Fir Staves; viz. t Hogshead

Barrel -

heading

Old and Old Heading, the 120 Users, the 120

Wainscot Board:, the ico, of 12 Feet and 1 Inch Thick Ditto Logs, the L-.ad -

Wool, the Tod -

Cotton or any other Sort, the Hundred Weight

j

Yam of all Sorts, the Hundred Weight

For all Packages and Calks of Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, the Contents, Nature, and Quality whereof cannot be ascertained, any Sum not exceeding per Cubic Foot - - 1

And for all Drugs, Grocery, Linen, Skins, Leather, Stone, and all other Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, not herein before enumerated, any Sum not exceeding One Half of the Freight payable thereon respectively, on being impoited or exported to or from the said Port.

s. d-

o 4

o 8 o 6 o 9 ° 3 0 3 3 0

3 3

5 0 3 0 o ii o 8

o 4

A

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 24*

465

SCHEDULE (C.)

Wet Dock.

For all Ships and Vessels whatsoever which shall use the said s. d. Wet or Floating Dock, over and above all other Rates and Duties imposed by this Att, any Sum not exceeding per Ton - - -10

The Tonnage to be ascertained in Manner as is directed with regard to Tonnage of Vessels paying Rates and Duties for using the Harbour of Carnarvon.

SCHEDULE (D.)

Dry Dock.

For all Vessels which shall use the said Dock, and shall not remain longer than Two Tides in the fame, any Sum not exceeding per Ton And w'hich shall not remain longer than Three Tides, any Sum not exceeding per Ton -

And which shall not remain longer than Four Tides, any Sum not exceeding per Ton And which shall not remain any longer than Five Tides, any Sum not exceeding per Ton And which shall not remain longer than Six Tides, any Sum not exceeding per Ton -

And which shall not remain longer than Seven Tides, any Sum not exceeding per Ton -

And which shall not remain longer than Eight Tides, any Sum not exceeding per Ton -

And which shall remain longer than Eight Tides, and n">t exceeding Twenty-eight Tides, any Sum not exceeding per Ton -

I. d.

o 5

o 5i

o 6

o 6t

o 7

o

o 8

i

4

466

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 2

And which shall remain longer than Twenty-eight Tides, and not longer than Forty-two Tides, any Sum not exceeding per Ton -

And which shall remain longer than Forty-two Tides, and not longer than Fifty-six Tides, any Sum not exceeding per Ton -

And which shall remain longer than Fifty-six Tides, any Sum not exceeding per Ton -

a

4

U

4

9

o

The Tonnage of all such Vessgls to be ascertained in Manner as js dire died with regard to the Tonnage of Vessels paying Rates and Duties for using the Harbour of Carnarvon.

SCHEDULE (E.)

Cranage.

For all Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, landed or shipped with the said Crane or Cranes, or weighed at the said F..ng:ncs, any Sum not exceeding One-fourth Part of the Rates or Duties contained and impaled in and by Schedule (13.)

LONDON: Printed by George Fyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1S 09.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 25.

An Act for better supplying the Inhabitants of the Town of Rochdale, and the Neighbourhood thereof, with Water.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS the Inhabitants of the Market Town of Rochdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and Plades adjacent or near thereto, have not a, sufficient Supply of good and wholesome Water: And whereas the said Town and Neighbourhood is become very populous, and the Number of Houses and Buildings greatly increased, and the Inhabitants thereof, as they are at present supplied, are liable to great Danger and the moll calamitous Consequences from Accidents by Fire for want of a better Supply of Water; and the fame might be obtained from the Water of a certain Spring, called The Noon-Sun Spring or Noon-Sun Well, tand certain other other Springs in the Neighbourhood, by conducting the 'Water of such Spring or Springs into proper Reservoirs, and from thence to the said Town: And whereas the Works which will be necessary to be 'made for better supplying the said Town and Houses adjoining with Water from the aforesaid Spring called The Noon-Sun Spring or Noon-Sun Well, and such other Springs as may be contracted for by virtue of the Powers hereinafter mentioned, will be attended with considerable Expence, and the Persons herein-after named are willing and desirous, at their own Expence, to undertake the said Works, and to make and lay, repair and continueTuch Wells, Reservoirs, Cuts, Drains, Aqueducts, Pipes, and Conveniences, as TLcr. Ssf Per. J 6 B may

tvin/r

466

Pruprittori.

Incorporated.

Powers to make Cisterns and •ther Wcrk*.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. i5.

may be requisite and proper for the Purposes aforesaid; but the fame cannot be effected without the Aid and Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s melt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Robert Holt, Charles Hop-wood, Edward Elfe, John Jones, Thomas Booth, Joseph Rrieriy, Richard Gibson, Samuel Clegg, Thomas Kcrjlsaw, William Mbllineux, Thomas Protlor, John Butter-worth, Richard Shuttleworth, James fVrigley, John Bridge, Clement flat!, John Ashworth, Richard Stott, George William-fan, John Smith, James Hartley, John Law, George Hop-wood, Edmund Wrigley the younger, Thomas Pilling, John Butter-worth, Charles Stott, George Hall, Henry Ecroyd, Abraham Barlow, James Kerjhaw Barlow, George OrmerodEdward Thompson, Nkliieis Whitworth,- William Whitworth, Robert Ashworth, James Shepherd, James Holt, James Nuttall, James Hamilton, John Ashworth, John Lord, Elizabeth Ashworth, Benjamin Barlow, George Law, John Shaw, John Thompson, Jofjn Binns, Abel Crommack, Alice' Clortgh, Edmund IVriglfy, James Hoyle, James Clegg,

?’ames Holt, Samuel Perkin, Ralph Taylor, Samuel ‘Taylor, John Lyon aylor, Abraham Stott, Thomas Buffett, Edmund Dawjon, Robert Lord, John Grendrod, William Seed, Ann Birks, Joseph Butter-worth, Hugh Oldham, Launcelot Bracken, John Crook, William Crojslcy, James Dunlop, James Brearley, James Hardman, Abraham Lord, Thomas Hippen Vava-four, John Tomlinjon, and Grace Strange, together with such other Person or Persons as shall at any Time hereafter be possessed of One or more Share or Shares in the said Undertaking, and the Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns of the said several Persons, and fuefi other Persons as last mentioned, who shall become possessed of their rd'peftive Share or Shares or any of them, shall, as and w hen they become so possessed, be and they are hereby united into a Company for making, completing, maintaining and continuing the Works and Conveniences hereby atlioriaed to be made, according to the Provisions herein-after contained, and shall for that Purpose be one Body Politic and Corporate, by’the Name of " The ‘Company of Proprietors of the Rochdale Waterworks," and by. that Name shall have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, and shall and may sue and be sued j and shall also have full Power to purchase and become seised and possessed of Lands and Tenements, to hold to them, their Successor& and Assigns, for the Use of the said Undertaking, and without incurring any of the Penalties or Forfeitures of the Statutes of Mortmain.

I ",; [ J. yft . reJ. . Ai - . Tnr zLl

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company and their Successors, by themselves, thru- Managers, Servants, Workmen and Afliffants, from Time to Time to resort unto, enter, view, examine*- open, andcleanfe, the aforesaid Spring or Well called Noon-Sun Spring ot Noon-Sun Well, and such other Spring or Springs or Streams a» herein-aftermentioned, and to take, life and enjoy the Waters thereof and arising in such Springs or Sowing therefrom, for the Purposes of tins Act; and for- the more effectually enabting the said Company to have, use, enjoy and apply the Water of such Springs for the Purpose bf this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Company and their Successors, by rhemfelyes, their Managers, Servants, Workmen awid Aflitlants, to make, place and complete, open, deanfe, and maintain, pull down, take up, renew, replace, and alter in Situation, or otherwise improve, continue, repair and use such *0 Ctfterns

467

49° GEORGII in. Cap. 25.

Ciilcrn?, Wells and Reservoirs of Water, at or near the Places where the aforesaid Spring or Springs rile, or in or near the Line of the Aqueduct thereof or the said Town; and also such Pipes, Drains, Aqueducts and Conduits underground, and Works, and other Conveniences aboveground lor conveying the Water of the said Spring or Springs or Streams, or a sufficient Part thereof in and through the fame, and the Streets, Highways and Avenues thereof or leading thereto, and the Houses near the raid Town, and for lodging sufficient Quantities of Water for the Supply hereinbefore mentioned, as shall be deemed necessary by the said Company; and to supply such Ciflerns, Wells and Reservoirs, Pipes, Drains, Conduits and Aqueducts and other Works whilst laying and making, altering or repairing, and when laid and completed, altered, or repaired, with a sufficient Quantity of Water from the aforesaid Springs or Streams or any of them, ior the Purposes aforesaid; and from Time to Time to set and place such Polls, Stones, or other permanent Marks as the said Company may deem net Mary, for ascertaining and finding out the Line and Situation of the said Pipes, Drains, Conduits and Aqueducts underground, and for better effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, fron Time to Time, and as often as may be necessary, to enter into and upon the Lands or Grounds where the aforesaid Spring or Springs or Streams rife or flow, or near thereto, and the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons, and the Highways, Streets, Avenues and Places lying between the said Spring or Springs or Streams and the said Town, and in the said Town or near thereto to take Leve's, and for other Purposes of effecting the said Works; and to ascertain and mark out the Line of such Pipes, Aquedu&s, Conduits and Drains, and the Situation of the said Ciflerns, Wells, Reservoirs, and other Works and Conveniences; and to bore, dig, cut, trench, bank, place, remove, take and carry away and use Earth, Clay, Stones, Rubbish,

Trees, Roots of Trees, Gravel or Sand,'or any other Matters or Things in the laying and placing, making, altering, amending, continuing and repairing such Wells, Ciflerns, and Reservoirs, Pipes, Drains, Conduits,

Aqueducts and other Works and Conveniences as aforesaid, or which may hinder, prevent, or obflrucl the fame; and from Time to Time to make, place, repair, conffrudl, alter, amend, continue and use fttch other Pipes, and Drains, and such Cocks, Valves, Branches, Pliigs, Pumps, Machines and other Implements, Uterfils and Devices, in'and about the aforesaid Works as the said Company shall think proper; and from Time to Tinle to take and use all such other Acts, Ways and Means for the Purpose of collecting, conveying and bringing and lodging, affording and disti ibuting a sufficient Quantity of Fresh Water unto and into and near to the said Town of Rochdale, and the Houses and Buildings now or hereafter to be made in or near thereto, and for the Use of the Inhabitants of the said Town, Houses and Buildings, from the aforesaid Spring Or Springs or Streams; and for completing and using, amending, improving, preserv-iag, altering in Situation, or otherwise renewing, continuing, and repairing the Works and Conveniences authorized by this Act, as may be deemed necessary and proper by the said Company, and to resort, pass, and repass to and from the aforesaid Works, and cflrry and convey Materials and other Things to and from the same from TirnfeAo Time, as often as shall be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, they the said Company of Proprietors, their Managers, Agents, Officers, Workmen and Servants, doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the Doing ai lit-several Powers to them hereby granted, and for that Purpose making,

b*L ffcTi and •

468

and leaving the Wei'S open where the Springs arise, fithat the Water may be thtre enja«ed as usual, etc.

ami making Suistaction to Owners and Proprietors of Lands, &c.

Powers t" asp-ee with

Owners of

Lands for the Purchase of Land.

Water to be nf-e in extin. juidiing Fires.

•it! >c v’i a; -- ..all

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

and from Time to Time cleansing, repairing and keeping in good Repair such Wells, Cillerns and Reservoirs, at those respective Places or near thereto as may be necessary; and the said Company laying and placing the aforesaid underground Pipes, Conduits, and Drains at lead One Foot below the Surface, and covering the fame with Soil and otherwise, so as to restore the Surface of the Land or Ground, where the said Pipes, Drains, Conduits, and Aqueducts shall pals, to its former Situation and Appearance, or as near thereto as may be and as soon as may be; and the said Company of Proprietors making Satisfaction in the Manner herein after mentioned, to the Owners, Proprietors, and all other Persons interested in the Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments respectively, which shall be used for the Purposes of this Act, or which shall be injured or damaged by means of the Exercise of any of the Powers hereby granted, or to be by them sustained by reason of all or any of the Powers of this Act; and this Act shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Company, and their Managers, Officers, Agents, Servants, Workmen and AiliHants, and all other Persons whom* soever, for what they or any of them shall do or cause to be done under or by virtue of the Powers hereby granted.

III. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, at any Time hereafter to contract and agree with the Proprietors and Occupiers of any Lands or Grounds wherein any Springs or Streams now are or may hereafter be found, discovered or flow, for the Purchase of such Lands or Ground as may enable the said Company of Proprietors to convey the Water of such Springs or Streams to any Reservoirs or Drains, or other Works of the said Company, or for the Purchase of any Springs or Streams, or the Use of any Springs or Streams, or any Interest therein, or Claim or Demand of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate thereto, or to the exclusive or other Use of any such Springs or Streams, or of any Rights, Interests or Easements necessary to enable the said Company of Proprietors to have and enjoy the Use and Benafit of any such Springs and Streams for the Purpose of increasing the Supply of Water for the Benefit of the said Town and Neighbourhood, and Improvement of the said Waterworks, for the Purpose of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein or in this Act contained, shall be construed to extend to empower or authorize the said Company to take or use any such Land or Ground for the Purpose of procuring" the Water from any such additional Springs or Streams, without the Consent of the Owners and Occupiers thereof in Writing for that Purpose had and obtained.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any Person or Persons whotnsoever, at all Times to use and employ the Water which shall so as aforesaid be contained in any Pipes or Aqueduds of the said Proprietors, in extinguishing of any Fire or Fires which may happen to any House or Building within the said Town of Rochdale, without making any Satisfaction or Compensation for the same to the said Company of Proprietors, or any other Person or Persons whotnsoever; and that proper Fireplugs, with painted Directions or Marks on the Houses and Buildings in the said Town, shall be provided at the Expences of the said Company of Proprietors, at proper Distances and in convenient Parts of the said Town, for the securing afpeedy and sufficient Supply of Water for the extmguishing of Fires in the said Town.

4-9* GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to deprive or hinder the Land Owners or Tenants of the Lands or Grounds through which the Water of the said Noon-Sun Spring or Noon-Sun Well has been used to flow, from using the Water of the said Spring or Well, in such Manner and 5o such Purposes as they have by Law been heretofore entitled and accustomed to do; but that proper Pipes and Cocks shall be laid and placed for the Use of all Persons entitled to use the Water of the said Spring or Well, and from Time to Time repaired by the said Company of Proprietors, without requiring any Compensation for the Use thereof from such Persons as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That for the better managing and conducting the Affairs of the said Company, and the Business of the said Undertaking, General Meetings of the said Company of Proprietors shall from Time to Time be holden, and such Managers, a Treasurer, and Clerk, and such other Officers as shall be thought necessary by the said Company, shall be from Time to Time appointed by the said Company in such General Meeting assembled, with such Authority over the Concerns of the said Company, and subject to such Orders, Provisions, Regulations, and Directions for their Conduct and Removal, and Re-appointment of them or others in their Stead, as shall from Time to Time be made and entered into by the said Company so as aforesaid assembled; and the Treasurer, Clerk, and other Officers of the said Company (exclusive of Managers> shall be allowed such Salaries and Compensation for their Trouble and Expences, and the Treasurer and other Officers of the said Company who shall have the Care or Custody of Money belonging to the said Company, shall give, and the said Company shall take from them, such Security and Securities from Time to Time for the due Discharge and Execution of the Duties of such their respective Offices, and for the Money that may happen to come to or be in their Hands as such Officers, or belonging to the said Company, and such Officers shall enjoy their said Offices upon such Terms and Conditions as shall be ordered by the said Company so as aforesaid assembled 5 and the said Company of Proprietors so as aforesaid assembled shall have Power and Authority from Time to Time to make such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, for the good Government of the said Company and their Concerns, and the Conduit, Duty, Authority, Regulation, and Government of their Managers, and other Officers, Servants, Agents, and Workmen, in all Reflects (and which Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, Arali accordingly be binding upon them) and for the Superintendance and Management of the said Undertaking, and to nnpose and inflict such reasonable Fines and Forfeitures upon alt Persons who shall olfend against such Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds for any One Offence; and from Time to 'lime to alter or repeal the said Bye Laws, Rules, Orders and Regulations, Fines and Forfeitures, as to the said Company so assembled shall seem meet; which said Rules, Bye Laws, and Orders being reduced into Writing, and entered in the Order Book of the said Company, and authenticated by the Common Seal thereof, and also printed, shall be binding upon and allowed by all Parties, and shall be sufficient in any Court of Law or Equity to justify all Persons who shall act under the fame; provided that they be not repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom called England, or to the Provisions and Directions in this Act contained, or to any of them 5 and such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, and

[Lee. Ss5 Per.j 6 C Regulations,

469

Land Owner*. ft c. supplied with Water a» accrflomed.

GemralVIeet-

ings, Sc.

Powers of General At-femhlies; may mak« Bye Law

47°

For regulating

the Meetings of General Assemblie*.

No Member of t he Committee to have more than One Vote except the Chairman.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

Regulations, and every Alteration thereof, shall be subject to Appeal a? herein-after mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the First General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors for putting this Act in Execution, shall be held at the House of Charles Hopwood, known by the Sign of the Blue Ball Inn in Rochdale aforesaid, on the Fourth Tuesday next after the passing of this Act, and the like General Assemblies shall be held on the First Tuesday in the Month of June in every Year for the future, at the Hour of Six of the Clock in the Afternoon, at such Place or Places as the next preceding General Assembly shall appoint, at which said General Assemblies the Proprietors assembled, together with such Proxies as shall be then present, shall chuse Eleven Persons, who for the Time being shall be respectivety Proprietors of Two or more Shares in the said Waterworks, who shall be a Committee, with full Power and Authority to direct the Works and Workmen, make Contracts and Bargains touching the Undertaking, audit the Accounts, and to contract and agree from Time to Time with the Inhabitants for the Privilege of being supplied with Water from the said Works, and to manage all other the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors, in such Manner as herein directed, and with Power to meet and adjourn themselves as they shall think proper for those Purposes; and if at any Time it shall appear to Five or more Proprietors possessed of Two Shares each, that for the more effectually putting this Act into Execution, a Special General Assembly is necessary to be held, it shall be lawful for them to cause Notice in Writingto be given thereof, declaring in such Notice the Place where and Time when such Special Assembly is to be held, the fame not being less than Ten Days after such Notice given, and likewise specifying in such Notice the Reason for and Intention of such Special Assembly, and the Proprietors are hereby authorized to meet pursuant to such Notice, and to proceed in the Execution of this Act, or in any Thing relating to the Interests of the said Company of Proprietors, with respect to the Matters so specified only; and all such Acts of the said Proprietors or the major Part of them assembled at such Special Assemblies, shall be as valid to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were done at General Assemblies held in Manner herein-before appointed.

V1IL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no One Member of the said Committees, though he may be a Proprietor of several Shares, shall have more than One Vote in the said Committees except the Chairman, who shall be chosen by and out of the said Committees, who in case of a Division of equal Numbers shall have the calling Vote, although he may have given One Vote before; and that the said Committees shall from Time to Time make report of their Proceedings to, and be subject to the Examination and Controul of the General and Special Assemblies of the said Company of Proprietors, and shall pay due Obedience to all such Orders and Directions in and about the Premises, as shall from Time to Time be made by the said Company at any such General or Special Assemblies, such Orders and Directions not being contrary to any express Directions or Provisions in this Act; and no Person holding any Place, Office, or Employment under the said Company, shall be capable of being chosen to serve upon any Committee during the Term of his Continuance in such Office or Employment, and all the Powers and Authorities hereby veiled in and directed to be exercised by the said Committee,.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 25. 471

tee, may be done and exercised by the major Part of them present at their respective Meetings, the whole Number present not being less than Five.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors, or such Committee as aforesaid, shall have Power from Time to Time to ncy. make or cause to be made, such Call or Calls for Money upon the Subscribers to and Proprietors of the said Undertaking, their Executors or Administrators, to pay to the said Treasurer to the said Company for the Time being, all or any Part or Parts of the Money subscribed, and engaged to be paid by them respectively, for the Purpose of defraying the Expences of obtaining this Act, and of making Suryeys, and taking other Measures preparatory or relating to the said Undertaking, and of carrying on the Concerns of the said Company as shall from Time to Time be found wanting and necessary for those Purposes, upon such Notice, and to be paid at such Times and Places, and in such Manner and Form, and under the Penalty of the Subscriber or Subscribers, Proprietor or Proprietors, neglecting to comply with such Call or Calls, forfeiting his, her, or their Share or Shares upon such Notice, and Omidion in Payment, and in such Manner and Form, as shall from Time to Time be ordered by the said Company assembled at a General Meeting or such Committee as aforesaid; and such Share or Shares so forfeited, and all the Profits and Benefits thereof, shall be vested in the said Company,of Proprietors, exclusive of the Person so forfeiting the fame, in proportion to their Shares, or shall be sold for the Benefit of the said Proprietors in such Proportion as aforesaid, exclusive of such Person or Persons so forfeiting according as shall be ordered by the said Company in General Meeting a(sembled, or by such Committee as aforesaid; but no Advantage shall be taken of any Forfeiture of any Share or Sharesuntil the same shall have been declared to be forfeited by the said Company at a General Meeting assembled; and the said Company of Proprietors assembled at such General Meetings shall have Power to adjourn themselves at such General Meetings, and order such future General Meetings of the said Proprietors to be holden from Time to Time to and at such Place or Places as shall at any such General Meeting be thought proper and convenient; and every Question, Order, Matter or Thing which shall be proposed, difeuffed, or considered by the said Company so assembled by virtue of this Act, shall be determined by the Majority of Votes of Proprietors then present, and of Votes given by Proxy of Proprietors absent, under the Authority in Writing of such absent Proprietors, under their Hands, appointing such Proxy or Proxies, being a Proprietor or Proprietors, and which Vote or Votes by Proxy or Proxies shall be effectual to the fame Purport and Extent as if given by the Proprietors respectively and personally appointing such Proxy or Proxies and every Proprietor being to be considered on all Occasions as possessed of and entitled to give in Person or by Proxy so many Votes as he or (lie shall possess Shares in the said Concern; and if such Votes shall be equal, the Chairman presiding at such Meeting shall have the casting Vote as such Chairman, although he shall have given his Vote or Votes as a Proprietor; and every Question, if required by any Five or more Persons having collectively Fen Votes, shall be determined by Ballot, to be entered upon and completed forthwith, in which Cafe the Chairman for the Time being shall as such in like Manner have a casting Vote.

472

Map arid

Book of Re' ference to remain with Clerk of Peace.

This Act not to affect the •Property of fcerain Persons, See.

K o Water to be employed for Machinery used about any Manufacture.

Wife Water to be turned off at or near the Spring Heads,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

X. And whereas a Map or Plan describing the Line of the said intended Aqueduct and Conduit, and the Lands through which the same are intended to be carried, and the Situation of the intended Reservoirs, and a Book of Reference containing a Lilt of the Names of the Owners or reputed Owners and Occupiers respectively of such Lands, have been depo-lited at the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County Palatine of Lancaster; be it therefore further enacted, That the said Map or Plan, and Book of Reference, shall remain in the Custody of the said Clerk of the Peace for the Time being or his Deputy; and all Persons shall at any seasonable Time have Liberty to inspect and peruse the fame, and have a Copy thereof, or such Part thereof as such Person or Persons shall require, such Copy or Copies to be made by the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy, on being paid the Sum of Five Shillings for every such tnfpeftion, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every Seventy two Words of such Copies; and that the said Company of Proprietors, their Successors and Alligns, shall not, in laying and making such Aqueduct and Conduit of the aforesaid Water, deviate more than One hundred Feet from the Line or Course so described, nor make any Wells, Cillerns, or Reservoirs in any other Spot or Spots, or in any other Lands, Grounds or Situations, than so described, without the Consent in Writing of the Owner or Owners of the Lands or Grounds in which they shall so deviate, or make such other Wells, Cillerns, or Reservoirs.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be conllrued to extend to enable the said Company of Proprietors to enter into or take any Spring or Springs, Lands or Grounds belonging to James Wahnjley of Goose-lane in the said Parish of Rochdale, Esquire, or of John Fildes of Quarry-hill in the same Parish, Esquire; nor any Spring or Springs, Lands or Grounds arising in or belonging to the Glebe of the Vicarage of Rochdale aforesaid (save and except a Spring or Springs in LeylandJ s-brow and the Water-works belonging thereto, purchased for the Use of the said Company, during the Term and Interest therein, and now to come and unexpired) without the Consent in Writing of the said James Walmsley and John Fddes, their Heirs and Alligns respectively, or of the Vicar for the Time being of the said Vicarage and Parish Church of Rochdale for that Purpose first had and obtained.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall enable the said Company of Proprietors to apply or use, or suffer to be applied or used, any Part of the aforesaid Water to be conveyed as aforesaid, in supplying Water for any Engine or Machinery, or in or about working any Machinery in any other Way, for the Use of or to be employed in or about any Manufactory; and that no Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said Town, or any House therein or near thereto, or other Person or Persons whomsoever, shall so use or employ any Part of the said Water, upon pain of forfeiting to and for the Use of the Person complaining thereof, from Time to Time, for and upon each Occasion of so doing, any Sum net more than Five Pounds for every such Offence.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors shall turn off and discharge, or cause and procure to be turned off and discharged, such spare or wade Part of the Water of the aforesaid Springs as shall not be wanted for the Supply of the Inhabitants

~ of

47J

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

of the said-Town, and the Buildings and Houses therein and near thereto, now built or hereafter to be built, with fresh and sufficient Water as hereinbefore mentioned, or as much thereof as may conveniently be at the re-speclive Spring Heads, or so near thereto asthat such Water to turned off and discharged may run and pass in the fame Course as hath been usual, or as near thereto, and as soon after being so turned off as may be.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall Housea^GaN authorize or empower the said Company of Proprietors, orany Person or to be injured. Persons acting under or by their Authority to take, use, injure or damage,

in the Exercise of any of the Powers herein-before contained, any House,

Bridge or other Building, which was erected or built before the passing of this Act, or any Land or Ground which at or before that Time was set apart and used as or for a private Yard, Park, Paddock, Garden, Pleasure Ground, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof for the Time being.

XV. And be it further enacted, That after any Lands or Grounds shall nt* ecn0'nJ be set out and ascertained for making and placing the said Reservoirs, Wells,

Citterns, Drains, aqueducts, Conduits and other Works and Conveniencies,

or any of them, it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic and Corporate,

Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees and Feoffees in Trull for charitable and other Purposes, Committees, Executors and Admini-stratoTS, and all other Trustees and Persons whomsoever, not only for and on Behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on Behalf of their Ce/luique Trulls, whether Infants, Issue unborn, Lunatics,

Idiots, or other Person or Persons; and for ail Femes Covert and all other Person and Persons whomsoever who are or shall be seised, possessed of, or interested in their own Right, or entitled to Dower or other Interest in any Lands or Grounds which shall be so f#t out and ascertained for the Purposes aforesaid, to treat and agree with the said Company, or any of their Managers or Officers for the Time being, for such Lands and Grounds, and the Liberties and Privileges wanted to be used and exercised in or belonging to any Lands or Groimds for the Purposes aforesaid, and to receive Satisfaction and Compensation for the fame, and to contract for, Jeafe, surrender, grant and convey the fame unto the said Company of Proprietors, and their Successors and Assigns; but all Contrafts, Agreements, Bargains and Sales of all such Lands as aforesaid, as shall be of the Tenure of Copyhold or Customaryhold, shall be executed and completed by Surrender or Surrenders in the usual Way, and according to the Custom of the Manor of which the same shall be holden, to the Use of One or Two Persons, to be nominated and appointed by the said Company of Proprietors, and his or their Heirs, as Trustees for the said Company for the Purposes aforesaid, by, under, and subject to the Rents, Suits and Services thereby due and of Right accustomed according to the Custom of such Manor, so that the Lord or Lords of inch Manor may receive or fultain no Prejudice or Loss of Fines,

Suits or Services, in confluence of the Conveyance and Appropriation of Lands of the Tenure of Copyhold or Customaryhold for the Purposes aforesaid; and it shall be competent to the Lord or Lords, I.ady or Ladies of the Manor where any Road or Roads, or WafteLands, may be cut through, taken or used, or any Privileges wanted to be exercised therein for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them, or the Steward or Stewards for the Time being of the Courts of such Manor, or his or their Deputy or De-[Loc. £s* Per.~\ bD - puties,-

I

S\ti*faction to fce made fur Daniagei

and iur r ur-chas- of Lands minted.

In case the Parties dif-agree, ike. Price and Damages, &c. to be af. eertaii.edby a Jury.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

puties, for and in the Name or Names of such Lord or Lords, Lady 6r Ladies, to make such Agreements, Contrails, Surrenders, Conveyances and Grants of such last-mentioned Lands and Grounds, or the Privileges required therein for the Purposes aforesaid, without any Commoner or Commoners, or Other Person or Persons interested in such Roads or Waite Land joining therein; and the Receipt and Receipts of such Lord or Lords, Lad- or Ladies, or their or his Steward or Stewards, or his or their Deputy or Deputies as 'aforesaid, for the Purchase Money or Satis fail ion to be made in respect thereof, shall be good and sufficient Discharges to the said Company of Proprietors.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company of Proprietors and their Successors shall and do make and pay or offer to the Owner and Occupiers of and Persons interested in any Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be wanted to be purchased or acquired, atiil shall be alcertnined by the said Company for the Purposes of this Act, or dial1 be in any fanner affected thereby, or to his, her, or their Guardians, feoh.cs, Trustees, Kufbajuis or Committees, a full and adequate Price for the Purchase of such Land which shall be wanted to be purchased, before they shall in anywise make use of the fame, and also a full and adequate Satisfaction and Compensation for any Damages which may or IhaTl then have been done to any other Lands, Grounds, Tenements or Hereditaments, in or about or in consequence of the Execution of the Powers granted by this Act or otherwise, by the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person or Persons whomsoever under their Authority, upon Request or Demand for that Purpose made to the Treasurer, or any of the Managers of the said Company; and such Owner or Owners, or other Perlcms, interested in the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which may be so as aforesaid wanted to be purchased and accquired by the said Company for the Purposes of this Act, or which may be injured or damaged as last herein-before mentioned, or his, her, or their Guardians, Feoffees, Trustees, Husbands or Committees, may accept and receive such Purchase Money and Price, Satisfaction and Compensation, either in gross Sums or by Annual Rents, as shall be agreed upon by and between them and the said Company of Proprietors; and in case the Parties shall not agree concerning the Amount of such Price, Satisfaction, and Compensation as aforesaid, within the Space of Twenty Days next after Application shall have been made for that Purpose, by or on behalf of either of the Parties aforesaid to the other of them, or by reason of Absence or otherwise, such Person or Persons as aforesaid, cannot be applied to, or shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case it shall be competent to either or any of the Parties to give Notice in Writing to the other of such their, his, or her Intention to have such Price Satisfaction, and Compensation, ascertained and fixed in the Manner hereinafter mentioned; and such Notice shall be conf: Jcred as well served on the said Company by being delivered to or left at the usual Place of Abode of the Treasurer or Clerk to the said Company, and on the other Party by being delivered to him, or her, or left at his or her last or usual Place of Abode, or of the Tenant or Occupier of the Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, respecting which such Dispute or Quell ion shall arise j and in case no Agreement shall be concluded between the Parties within Ten Days after such Notice, then and in such Calc any Two or more of 7 ' His

475

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 2$.

His Majesty's Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Lancaster, refilling near to the Place in question, shall upon the Application of the Party having so given the said Notice, and upon Proof thereof, issue their Warrant or Precept under their Hands and Seals to the Sheriff of the said County, requiring him so Tunimon, return, and impannel, and he shall accordingly summon, return, and impannel, Twenty-four indifferent Men of the said County, at such Time and Place as shall be requited in such Precept or Warrant, to enable the said Justices to make and swear, and they shall make and swear, a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the said County between the Parties, out of such Twenty-four, if a sufficient Number appear and are sworn; and if not, then the said SherifforhisDeputy shall summonand return a sufficient Number of Bye-Standers or Persons that can speedily be produced for that Service, who shall be sworn upon the said Jury until the Number of Twelve be completed to make a Jury between the Parties; and all Parties may have their lawful Challenges to such Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and any One of such Justices is empowered and required, upon Application by either of the Parties, by •Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to call before such Justices and Jury *s aforesaid, all and every Person and Persons who shall be thought necessary to be examined touching the Premises, and to examine such Perforl or Persons in the Presence of such Jurymen, and such Justice is hereby author rized and required to swear such Jurymen well and truly to try the Matter in dispute between the Parties, and give a true Verdict therein, and also such Persons as attend to give Evidence, to give the fame truly, or being Quakers, take their Affirmation so to do; and the said Justices shall have Power from Time to Time to impol'e any reasonable Fine or Fines on such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiffs or Agents, making Default in the Premises, or on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury and shall not appear, or who shall refuse to be sworn on such Jury, or being so sworn, shall refuse to give, or shall not give their Verdict, or shall in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury touching the Premises shall refuse or wilfully neglect to appear, or shall refuse to he sworn and give Evidence; and from Time to Time to recover, levy, and apply such Fine or Fines in the same Manner as any other Forfeitures or Penalties are by this Act directed to be recovered, levied, and applied, so that no such Fine shall exceed the Sam of 1'en Pounds upon any one Person for one Offence; and the said Justices may, if they think fit, order and authorize the said Jurymen, or any Six or more of them, to view the Place or Places, Matter or Matters in question, and the said Jury by their Verdict, upon their said Oaths, shall inquire of, assess, and ascertain the Sum or Sums of Money, or Annual Rent then in question, and to be paid for the Purchase or Acquisition of any Lands,' Grounds, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall have been set out and ascertained for Conduits, Reservoirs, or other Works and Conveni-ences hereby authorized to be made, and also the Sum or Sums of Money, or Annual Rent then in question, to be paid for the Use hereby authorized to be made of and the Privilege to be exercised in or derived from any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments for the Purposes of this Act, by laying and placing such Pipes, Drains, aqueducts, and Conduits for conveying Water from the said Spring or Springs, or otherwise, in taking and conveying such Water, and the Recompence and Compensation then in

question

47<5 49° GEORGII III. Cap.t$.

question to be made for the Damages chat shall or may be or have been sustained in or about the Pretniias, or otherwUe, in the Execution of any of the Powers and Authorities herein contained; and the said Justices then and there present shall "ire Judgement according to the Verdict of the said Jury, and the said Proceedings shall front Time to Time be binding and coneJu-five, to ali Interns and Purposes whatsoever, upon ail Parties thereto, their Successors, Heirs, Executors, and Admiaistrators, and all and every Person and' Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, Infants, Issue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, and Femes Covert, and Persons under any legal Incapacity or Dlfabihty, claiming, or who shall or may thereafter claim any Estate, Right, Title, Trull, life, or Interdl, into or out of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in question and under Consideration, in the giving of such Verdict and Judgement; and the aforesaid Verdicts, Judgements, and other Proceedings, shall he drawn up and made into Records, and f gned by the Justice or Justices acting therein, and shall not be removed or removable by Certiorari, or any other Process, but shall be left with the Clerk of the Peace of the said County, and be filed by him among ether Records in his Possession, where they shall remain; and the fame, or true Copies thereof, shall be good Evidence thereof, and of such Proceedings, in any Court of Law or Equity; and all Persons may have Recourse thereto, and Copies thereof, or Extracts therefrom, on paying Five Shillings for such Inspection, and after the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words for every such Copy or Extract.

Jxpencea of

XVII. And be it further enacted, That in case a greater Sum, as the

br^borac'° Purchase Money or Compensation for Damages, annually or otherwise, shall be given by the said Verdict, than had been offered by or on Behalf of the said Company before the summoning of the said Jury, or if by reason of Absence, or any Impediment or Disability, no Person or Persons shall have been found capable to enter into and contract with the said Company, and make Conveyances to and receive the Money and Compensation in question from the said Company of Proprietors, then and in such Cases the Expences of the said Party, between whom and the said Company such Question shall arile of summoning such Jury, and of such Proceedings, and taking and returning such Verdict in manner before provided, and all Costs incident thereto, shall be settled and ascertained by the Justice or Justices acting therein, and shall be defrayed and paid by the said Company; but if such Verdict shall be given for the same Sum that had been (before summoning such Jury) previously offered to be paid by or on Behalf of the said Company, or a less Sum, or no Damages shall be given by the Verdict of the Jury where the Dispute shall be concerning Damages only, then and in all such Cases such Costs and Expences of the said Company of summoning the Jury, and of such Proceedings, and taking and returning such Verdict*, and allCofts and Expences incident thereto as aforesaid, and to be settled and ascertained as aforesaid, shall be borne and paid by the Person or Persons between whom and the said Company such Question shall arise, and the same shall and may bededuded out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, or any future Payment to be made by the said Company, to or for such Person or Persons, asfo much Money paid or advanced to or for his, her, or their Use, or recovered by an Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, at the Suit of the said Company, in any Court of Law.

XVIII.'And

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That on Payment or Offer of the Money so as aforesaid agreed for, or so assessed and adjudged, and such Colls as aforesaid, when payable by the said Company, and of the Residue of the said Money so assessed, after deducting such Colls, when and in such Cases as the said Company shall be entitled to Colls, to the respective Person or Persons entitled to such Money, or his or their Agent, or in case such Person or Persons entitled thereto, or his or their Agent, cannot be ascertained or met with in the said County Palatine of Lancaster, or it shall not appear, in confeqence of Disputes, who is entitled thereto, then upon depositing the said Money from Time to Time in the Hands of the Treasurer of the said Company, if the same shall not exceed the Sum of Fifty-Pounds, and upon Payment thereof, if the same shall exceed that Sum, into the Bank of 'England, in the manner herein-after mentioned, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and their Agents, Workmen and Servants, immediately to enter upon, take, and enjoy the Lands, Tenements, and other Hereditaments respectively, or before such Payment or Tender by Leave of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and then and thereupon such Lands, Tenements and other Hereditaments, for which such Money shall be so paid, offered, or deposited, and all the Estate, Use, Trull, and Interest of any Person or Persons therein, shall from thenceforth be veiled in and become the Property of the said Company of Proprietors to and for the Purposes of this Act for ever; and such Payment, Offer, or Deposit for the same as aforesaid, shall not only bar all Right, Title, Claim, Interest, and Demand of the Person or Persons, to or for whom the same shall have been made, but also shall extend and be deemed and construed to bar the Dower of the Wife of every such Person, and all Estates Tail, and other Estatesin Reversion and Remainder of his, her, or their Issue, and of every other Person whomsoever claiming under them; and where such Payment, Offer, or Deposit, shall be in respeef of Damages or Annual Payments, the same shall be and amount unto a Satisfaction for such Damages or Annual Payments.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all Sums of Money which are to be paid to any Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Feoffees in Trull, Executors, Administrators, Husbands, Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees or Persons acting as Guardians, Committees, or other Trustees, for or on behalf of any Lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or other Cestuique Trulls, or to any Person or Persons whose Lands or Estates are limited in Itrid or other Settlement, for the Purchase or Exchange of or the Damage to be done to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by virtue of the Powers herein contained, shall be paid and applied in Manner following; that is to say, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, it shall with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Company of Proprietors of The Rochdale Waterworks, together with the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as Three of the Proprietors of the said Waterworks shall by Writing signed by them direct and appoint, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signifiedby an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary tvay by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Redemption or Purchase of the Land Tax,or

{Lee. Is" Per.~\ 6 E toward!

477

and on Payment,etc. Lands, etc- to be vetted in the Company,

Purchase

Monie> or Compensatio* due to Corporate Botliei, Minors, etc. to be laid out to the same Uses, etc.

47$

Application

where

not exceeding 300.1- and above 20 L

Aoplication where lefi than joi.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Charge or Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking effect,; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be in-• verted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase and Settlement were made.

XX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Money so payable to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect whereof the same shall be paid, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting as such as aforesaid, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Ghancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the lame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making . such Option, and approved of by Two or more of the said Proprietors, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Panics)", in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Maimer herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Money payable to such Corporation, or to any Person under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall not exceed Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments

6 in

479

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

in respetd whereof the same shall be paid, in such Manner as the said Proprietors, or any Three or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians,

Committee or Committees, Trustee or Trustees, or other Person or Persons acting as such, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively; and the Receipt or Receipts of the Person or Persons to whom the said Directors shall direct the same to be paid, shall be sufficient Discharges for the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons in case of not to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purciiafed by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Proprietors, or any Three or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Proprietors, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing them~\, subject to the Order, Controul, and Dif-position of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribudon thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifiying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any whereany Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be Qu^'on. paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the touching "the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act;, Tale to for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right j to be or Interest in any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuides to be purchased with any such Money,

or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in respect whereof such Money shall have been so paid ac the Time of passing this Act, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements,

or

480

49° GEORGII III. Gap. 25.'.

or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancer)'; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Houses, Buildings, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made, in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Coils and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Proprietors, or any Three or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct:.

Owners a"d

XXV. And be it further enacted, That such of the Owners of Buildings Intnbi ants within or Inhabitants of the said Town of Rochdale, or within the Distance etc.mayVay of One Quarter of a Mile of any Part of the Wells, Reservoirs, Pipes, ripes lothofe Conduits or Drains for lodging or conducting the said Water, and within pLy;C°m" the Townships of Hundenfield, Spollcmd, and Castletcn, as shall be desirous of having Water conveyed in Pipes into their Houses, Yards, or Offices, may and are hereby authorized and empowered, at their own Expence {having first obtained the Consent in Writing of such Person as the said Company shall authorize under their Common Seal to give such Consent, and also the Consent of the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of any inclosed Lands or Grounds in which such Pipes shall be placed) to open the Ground between the said Company’s Wells, Reservoirs, Main Pipes, or aqueducts, and the respective Houses, Buildings, and Yards of such Owners or Inhabitants, and to lay Leaden or such other Pipes, and of such Bore, and continue them for such Term and Time as shall be agreeable to the said Company, and specified in such Writing giving such Consent as aforesaid, front such Houses, Buildings, and Yards, to communicate with the said Wells, Reservoirs, aqueducts or Main Pipes, upon such Terms and Conditions, and such respective Owners of Buildings or Inhabitants agreeing to pay and paying to the said Company, yearly, or at shorter Periods, such Rate or Rates, or Sum or Sums of Money, for such Privilege and Water, as shall be mutually agreed upon between them; and in case of Default in Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money so agreed to be paid, the same shall be recoverable by the said Company, with the Costs of such Recovery, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons respectively liable to pay the fame, in the same Manner as Rents in Arrear upon common Demises may be recovered.

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Company.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

XXVI. And be it farther enabled, That it shall be lawful for the said Company to cause any Pipe or Pipes, Drain or Aqueduct, which shall communicate with am of the Wells, Reservoirs, Pipes or Aqueducts of the said Company, without their Consent as aforesaid, and the Pipe or Pipes, Drains or Aqueducts of any Person or Persons respectively so communicating, who shall negligently suffer the fame, or the Cocks belonging thereto to be out of Repair, so as to let the Water run wade and useless, or who shall make such Default in Payment as aforesaid, or at the end of the Term or Time agreed for such Pipes and Aqueducts remaining, or when it shall be necessary for the Alteration or Amendment of the said Company’s Pipes or Works, to be flopped and separated from the Wells, Reservoirs, Aqueducts, and Pipes of the said Company, and the Water to be flopped from issuing or running therefrom by means of such Pipes, Drains, or Aqueducts, so authorized to be flopped and separated; and if any Person shall lay or place or cause to be laid or placed any Leaden or other Pipe, Drain, or Aqueduct, to communicate with any Aqueduct, Pipe, Reservoir, or Well belonging to the said Company, without such Consent as aforesaid, or shall replace any Pipe or Aqueduct after being so flopped or separated as aforesaid, or shall Continue the fame beyond the Time agreed for without the Consent and Approbation of the said Company, every such Person shall be liable to forfeit and pay to the said Company or their Treasurer for their Use, any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings for every Day such Pipe or Aqueduct shall afterwards remain, and Water shall issue by means thereof from any Well, Reservoir, or Aqueduct of the said Company; but such Person to whom such Pipes laid to communicate with the Aqueduct, Wells, or Reservoirs of the said Company, and the Cocks attached thereto, shall belong, shall be at liberty to remove and take away the fame at the end of the Term agreed for.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Ground, Highwayor Pavement, which shall or may be opened or broken up either by the said Company of Proprietors, or by any other Person or Persons for laying, taking up, or repairing any Aqueduct or Pipe, or for any other Purpose, by virtue of this Act, shall by the said Company of Proprietors or other Persons respectively so opening the fame be filled in, and the Rubbish occasioned thereby carried away as soon as conveniently maybe, under the Inspection and Directiort of the Surveyor to the said Company of Proprietors, and the Surveyor of the Highways for the Township in which such Rubbish shall lie; and in the meantime shall be fenced or guarded so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle or otherwise; and that if there shall be any wilful or negligent Delay in any of the Agents or Servants of the said Company of Proprietors, or any such other Person or Persons, in taking up or repairing any of the said Aqueducts or Main Pipes, or any of the said Communication Pipes, or in any other of the Works to be done under the Colour or Authority of this Act, or in filling in or removing the Rubbish thereby occasioned, that then and in every such Case the said Agents or Servants of the said Company of Proprietors, or such other Persons respectively so negligent, shall forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be applied to the Use of the Poor of the Town-snip where such Fine shall arise.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person shall wilfully or maliciously hinder or interrupt, or cause or procure to be hindered or

[Lee. dif Per.~\ 6 F inter

481

Pipes may flopped and separated by the Company for certain causes.

Penalty for joining Pipes to those of the company without Leave.

When Ground is broken up for laying Pip?s, it is io be filled in again as loon as poflUde, and fenced in the meantime to present Ao cidents.

Penalties for hindering or injuring the

4-8 2

Compsny’9 Woi ks or fanning the Water;

and on Persons supplir/l with Water ftlpp'ying ether*

or ufirg Ward- without Content of Compiny;

except for Fuipofcb spe-tihed.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

interrupted, the said Company of Proprietors, or their Managers, Agents, Servants, or Workmen, or any of them, in doing or performing any of the Works, or in the Exercise of any of the Powers and Authorities in this Act authorized or contained; or if any Person whomsoever shall wilfully or maliciously let off or discharge any Water, so that the same shall run waste and useless to the said Company or Concern, or any Person entitled thereto, under an Agreement with them, out of or from any of the Cif-terns, Reservoirs or Wells, Pipes or aqueducts hereby authorized to be ma e; or shall wilfully or maliciously break, throw down, injure, damage or destroy any Wells, Ciflerns, Reservoirs, Aqueducts, Pipes., Drains, Pings, Cocks, Works, Matters or Things of the said Company, made or to be made or provided in pursuance of this Act, or for the Purpose of the Execution of the Powers herein contained; or if any Person whomsoever shall bathe in any of the Wells, Ciflerns, or Reservoirs of the said Company, to be made pursuant to the Powers herein contained, or incite or wilfully cause any Dog or other Animal to enter the fame, or shall wash, cast, put or throw any Deg or Cat, or other Animal, alive or dead, or any Cloth, Wool, Filth, Dirt, or other noisome or offensive Matter or 1 hing, or cause, permit, or suffer the Water of any Sink, Sewer, or Drain, to run or be conveyed into any of the said Wells, Ciflerns or Reservoirs, Pipes or Conduits, or otherwise wilfully foul or render noisome or impure, or cause or procure so to be, the Water running to or contained in any of such Wells, Ciflerns or Reservoirs, Pipes or Conduits; or if any Person or Persons, supplied with Water by virtue of this Act, shall wilfully permit any other Person or Persons, not having the Authority or Consent of the said Company, to take any Water at the Pipes or Reservoirs of the said Company, or shall supply any such other Person or Persons with any Water from such Pipes or Reservoirs (save and except such Person or Persons whose Pipes may be out of Repair, such nevertheless being repaired as soon as possible after any Damage shall have happened thereto), or shall, by negligently suffering his or their Pipes or aqueducts, or the Cocks belonging thereto, to be out of Repair, occasion the Water thereby supplied to run waste and useless; or if any Person, not having such Consent of the said Company as aforesaid, shall take or use any of the Water supplied by means of the Works of the said Company, other than and except at the Reservoirs or Wells at of near the Places where the said Springs arise, for such Purposes and as hath heretofore been usual, then and in every such Case the Person so offending as aforesaid shall from Time to Time forfeit and pay to the said Company of Proprietors any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, according to the Discretion and Decision of the Justice of the Peace before whom the lame shall be recovered, as herein-after provided, besides the full Amount of the Damage fullained by the said Company, by the Acts or Means in respect of which such respective Penalties shall be incurred in addition thereto; and the said Company shall be at Liberty to take away the Supply of Water of such Person so offending, from the Reservoirs, Ciflerns, or Pipes of the said Company; but nothing in this Act contained shall prevent or be construed to extend to prevent any of the Water supplied or collected under the Authority of this Act from being used to extinguish any Fire or Fires whatsoever that may have communicated to any Building or Buildings, Rick or Ricks, Stack or Stacks of Hay, Corn or other Produce, or any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, or any Matter or Thing therein contained, or shall be in d;yiger of so communicating . provided that as little Damage as may be shall be done to the Reservoirs’

, Ciftems’

4-9° GEORGII III. Cap. l$.

Cisterns, Aqueducts, Pipes, Drains, or Works of the said Company, by or in procuring the Water for the Purpose last aforesaid; and any Damage or Injury that shall be so done shall be compensated for; and the Refer-voirs. Citterns, aqueducts, Pipes, Drains, or Works so injured, shall be completely and effectually, and with as little Loss of Time as may be, repaired by or at the Expence of the Person to whose Buildings, Ricks or Stacks, Waggons, Carts or other Carriages, such Fire shall have communi-

cated, or be in danger of communicating; and provided that no Person supplied with Water under the C.onfent and Agreement with the said Company for that Purpose, shall be liable to any Penalty or Payment for supplying any other Person or Persons who is or are entitled at that Time to be supplied with Water from any of the Reservoirs, Cisterns, or Pipes of the said Company, but cannot then be so supplied by his, her, or their own Pipes in consequence of the fame or those of the said Company being then out of Repair, if no Neglect or Loss of Time have been permitted to take place in repairing the Pipes of such Person or Persons.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company Company of Proprietors to raise and contribute among themselves, or such the Amount other Persons as they shall admit, to contribute, by Subscription, in such Pro- ‘J,l.h'!^sub‘or portions, Manner and Form as they shall agree upon, such further Sum aCdmt fred’i or Sums of Money, in Addition to those already subscribed by and among Subscribers. them, for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, and defraying the Expence of this Act, as to make up the whole Amount of such Subscription, and the Stock of the Proprietors in the said Concern, any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Two thousand Pounds j and the fame, or a sufficient Part thereof,

shall be laid out and applied in the first Place in discharging the Expences of preparing, soliciting, obtaining, and passing this Act, and of making the Surveys, Plans, and Estimates, and other incidental Expences relating thereto, and then for and towards the Expences already incurred or hereafter to be incurred in making, completing, and maintaining the said Reservoirs and aqueducts, Works and Conveniences, and otherwise for putting this Act in Execution; and that no Person contributing or becoming a Proprietor in the said Undertaking do become a Proprietor of less that!

One Share cr of more than Twenty Shares (each Share to consist of Twenty Pounds), either in his own Name or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons in Trull; for him, her, or them, (unless the same shall come to him, her. or them by Will, Bequest, Descent, Right of Admini-(1 ration, or Marriage), upon Pain of forfeiting to the said Company of Proprietors all such Shares (exceeding Twenty Shares), and the said Shares shall be and are hereby vested in the several Persons so raising and contributing the fame,rand their several and respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, as Part of their Personal Estate and Effects, and to their and every of their proper Use and Benefit, proporiionably to the Sums they shall severally raise and contribute.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That all the Materials of which the Amt Muen-aforesaid Wells, Reservoirs and Cisterns, shall be constructed, as well as the alr'clvty10l,b< Pipes, Cocks, Conduits and other Utensils and Things furnished and pro- w tUVV- per-vided for the Purposes aforesaid, or by the said Company, or their Mana- ty|0l ;h-|^0.','^ gel's. Officers, or Servants, at the Expence of the said Company, and all the Profits, Benefits and Advantages to arise from the said Concern, or 10 ,e ,tly'.ded* under or by virtue of this Act, or the Powers herein contained, shall be

7 and

484 49° GEORGII III. Cap. ±5.

and be considered to all Intents and Purposes vested in and be the Property of the said Company ill Trull, and for the Uses and Purposes aforesaid; and all Persons, their several and respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, who shall severally subscribe for One or more Share or Shares, shall be entitled to and receive, after the said Reservoirs, aqueducts, and Worts shall be declared fit for Service by the said Company of Proprietors, or their managers, an equal and proportionable Distribution according to the Share or Shares they shall respectively polfefs, of the nett and clear Profits and Advantages of the said Concern, after deducting all necessary and incidental Charges, Disbursements, and Expences, provided they do not exceed Ten Pounds per Centum on the Monies so expended; and every Person having such Property in the said Undertaking as aforesaid, shall bear and pay a proportionable Sum towards carrying on the same.

Mone/b/*'1*

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Mortja^c of said Company of Proprietors shall be desirous of raising any Sum which ing.U'ldtlU " may be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, not exceeding the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, beyond what is already subscribed, or may hereafter by the Consent of the said Company be so as aforesaid contributed and subscribed, by the Creation of new Shares at Ten Pounds each, or by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors to borrow and take up at Interest all or any Part of such additional Sum, in One Sum or more, on the Credit of the said Undertaking, and to assign the Property of the fame Undertaking, and the Profits and Advantages arising or to arise to the said Company of Proprietors by virtue of this Att, or any Part thereof (the Costs and Charges of assigning the same to be paid out of such Sums of Money), as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, with Interest, to such Person or Persons, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trusteeswho shall advance the farnej all which said Assignments shall be made under the Common Seal of the said Company of Proprietors, and shall be in the Form or to the Effect following; that is to say,

Form of

‘ pY Virtue of an Act, made in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of Mo.igage. ‘ X-> King George the Third, intituled, An Act [here insert the Title of ‘ this Atli'} We the Company of Proprietors of the said Undertaking, incorporated by and under the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum ‘ of to us in Hand paid by A.B. of

* do hereby bargain,

* fell, and assign unto the said A.B. his Executors, Ad-

* ministrators, and Assigns, the said Waterworks, and all the Works ‘ thereto belonging, and all and singular the Sums of Money arising and ‘ payable to us for Water by virtue of the said Act; and all our Estate,

* Right, Title, and Interest of, in, and to the fame; to hold unto the ‘ said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, until the said

* Sum of with Interest for the fame after the

* Rate of per Centum per Annum shall be

‘ fully paid and satisfied. Given under our Common Seal, this

‘ Day of in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred

‘ and

And all Persons to whom such Assignment shall be made shall be equally entitled one with the other to the said Undertaking, Profits, and Advau-t 7 tages,

485

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 2;.

tages, so to be assigned, in proportion and according to the respective Sums in such Alignments mentioned to be advanced, without any Preference by reason of the Priority of any such Assignments, or on any other Account; and the Person or Persons to whom any such Assignment shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money due thereon, may from Time to Time transfer his, her, or their Right and Interest therein to any Person or Persons by Writing under his, her or their Hand and Seal, or Hands and Seals; which Transfer shall and may be in the Form or to the Efledt following; (that is to say),

t- T A.B. of in Consideration of the Sum of

t paid by C.D. of do hereby transfer a

certain Mortgage, made by the Company of Proprietors of The Rocb-‘ dale Waterworks, to bearing Date the

« Day of for securing the Sum of

t and all Interest: now' due and to become due thereon, and

« all my Right and Property therein, to the said C.D. his Executors, Ad-( ministrators, and Assigns. Dated this Day of

t in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and

And every such Transfer shall, within Thirty Days after the Date thereof, be produced to the Clerk to the said Company of Proprietors, who shall cause a Memorial to be made thereof in like Manner as the Original Mortgages or Assignments, for which the said Clerk shall be paid such Sum as the said Company of Proprietors shall appoint, not exceeding Five Shillings, and every such Entry made of such Transfer shall from thenceforth entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the full Benefit of the Original Mortgage; and it shall not from thenceforth be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made any such Assignment, to make void, release, or discharge the Original Mortgage, or any Money thereby secured, or any Part thereof; but neither such Mortgagee or Mortgagees, nor his or their Assignee or A fiig-nees shall be deemed a Proprietor in the said Concern, or be capable of acting in any respect as such.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, inflicted or imposed by this Act, or which shall be inlli&ed or imposed by any Rule, Order, or Bye Law, of the said Company, to be made under the Authority of this Act, may in case of Non-payment thereof be recovered in a summary Way, by the Order and Adjudication of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said County Palatine of Lan-cajier, on Complaint to him or them for that Purpose exhibited, and afterwards be levied, as well as the Costs of such Proceedings on Nonpayment, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or respective Offenders, or Person or Persons liable to pay the fame, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such One or more Justice or Justices, who is and are hereby authorized and required to summon and examine any Wimefs or Witnesses upon Oath of and concerning such Offences, Matters, and Things, and hear and determine the fame, and to fix and mitigate the said Penalties and Forfeitures according to his or their Discretion, and Pi o-visions in that respect herein-befbie contained; and the Overplus, if any, of the Money so raised or recovered, after discharging the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, for which such Warrant shall be issued, and the Costs and \_Loc. & Fer.J 6 C Expenses

Farm of Alignment,

Mode of Recovery of Fine> and Forfeitures.

486

form of the Qidtr.

Appeal to the

hcli.ons.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

Offences of recovering and levying the fame, shall be rendered to the Owner or Owners of the Goods or Chattels so ffiized and distrained; and for want of sufficient Distress, Goods, and Chattels, whereon to levy as aforesaid, and in case the Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and the Cods of recovering the fame or any Part thereof shall remain unpaid for the Space of Twenty Days or upwards after such Order and Adjudication made, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he or they is or are hereby authorized and required, upon Application nude to him or them for that Purpose, by Warrant under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders, Person or Persons, so liable to such Payments, to the House of Cor rest ion, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, and all Costs and Expences attending the Proceedings to recover the fame, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

XXiXIII. And be it further enacted, That every Justice of the Peace before whom any Person shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction to be drawn up according to the Form following; (that is to say),

t Lancadiire") t>E it Remembered, That on the Day of

4 tu wlt' j " in the Tear our Lord

‘ A.B. is convicted before me C.D. of One of His Majesty’sjustices of the Peace for the County of

* [_here specify the Offence or Omission, and Time and Place when and ‘ where committed, as the Case may be j. Given under my Hand and Seal 4 the Day and Year first above written.’

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person shall think h: niff If or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance or by virtue of this Act, or by any Rule, Bye Law, or Order, to be made by virtue thereof, every such Person may at the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the said County, or any Adjournment thereof, holden at the usual Place for transacting the Business of the Hundred within which such Offence shall arise, it such Sessions or Adjournment shall be more than Fourteen Days after such Order or Adjudication shall be made, exclusive of the Day of making thereof, and also of the holding such Sessions or Adjournment, or at the next Stffonsbut one, or any Adjournment thereof as aforesaid to be so holden, if there shall not be more than Fourteen Days before such next Sessions or Adjournment, such Person giving Notice in Writing of such Appeal within Six Days after such Fast committed, shall be made to the Complainant in such Proceedings, and entering into a Recognizance with One good and sufficient Surety before fame justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, in such Sum as he or they shall require, to abide the Event of such Appeal and the Order of Sessions thereon; and the said Court of Quarter Sessions to which such Appeal shall be made, shall, in a summary way, hear and determine such Appeal, or may adjourn the Hearing and Determination thereof to the next Sessions at the same Place and then hear and determine the fame, and award Costs to and against either Party, as such Court may think fit; and the Determination of such Sessions shall be final and conclusive between the Parties, and such Proceedings shall not be quashed or vacated for want of Form, nor be removed or removable by Certiorari or otherwise

5

4g° GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That no Distress made under any such Proceedings as aforesaid shall be deemed unlawful, nor shall the Person or Persons making the same bedeetned aTrefpasser or Trespassers on account of any Iiregularity therein, or which shall afterwards be done by such Person or Persons distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action on the Cafe, unless Tender or Payment of sufficient Amends shall have been made to the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs for the special Damage so sustained before such Action shall have been commenced; and in Cafe no such Tender or Payment shall have been made before such Action brought, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants, and he or they may, by Leave of the Court wherein such Action shall be brought, at any Time before Issue joined, or afterwards on withdrawing the Defendant’s Plea or Pleas therein, pay into Court, such Sum of Money as such Defendant or Defendants shall think fit, whereupon such Advantage shall be derived to the said Defendant or Defendants, and such Proceedings, Order, and Judgments, shall be had, made or given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant or Defendants is or are allowed to pay Money into Court.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Premises, every such Action or Suit shall be brought or commenced within Six Calendar Months next after die Act complained of shall be done,- and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become Nonsuit, or suffer a Discontinuance of his, her, or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer, Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants is or are entitled to for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law,

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the respective Persons who have subscribed, or who shall hereafter subscribe or advance any Money for and towards making and maintaining the Works hereby authorized to be made, shall and are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums by them respectively subscribed (or such Parts and Proportions thereof as shall from Time to Time be called for by the said Company of Proprietors, by virtue of the Powers and Directions of this Act) at such Times and Places and in such Manner as shall be directed by the said Company; and in case any of such Subscribers shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame at the Time and Place, and in Manner so required for that Purpose, the said Company are hereby empowered to sue for and recover the fame in any Court of Law or Equity

487

Dftref’ nut to

bedeemeu uri. lawlid on scroll lit of Irregularity.

J-ftniution «f riAiom;

General IfTi^.

Sjbscriberj

compelled to pay their Subscription.

4*8

[Public Act.]

49' GEORGII III. Cap. 25.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act Hi all be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Ani>rew StrahaNj

Printers to the King’s most. Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 26.

An Act to continue and amend Two Acts for repairing and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill to Redcross, in the Parish of Shelford, in the County of Cambridge.

[28th April 1809]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the present Turnpike Road 5 q at Haverhill to Redcross, in the Parish of Shelford, in the County c. 84. of Cambridge: And whereas ano-her Act was passed in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the sixth Year of His present 23 G. 3. Majesty's Reign, intituled, *An Act for repairing and widening the Road «• no. from the present Turnpike Road at Haverhill to Redcross, in the Parish of Shelford in the County of CambridgeAnd whereas the Trustees appointed in and determined by virtue of the said Acts have, in pursuance of the Powers to them thereby given, borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected, which Money so borrowed still remains due and owing, and the fame Cannot be paid off. nor can the said Road be effectually amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts be further continued, the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, and the Tolls granted an I continued by the said Acts increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, made in the [Loc. Per.] 6 H Sixth

/ <jo GGEORGII III. Cap. 26.

Act- funlipr Sixth and Thirteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and

■continued. all the Tolls, Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things therein contained, (save and except such Parts thereof respectively as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and except such Parts thereof as are hereby vaiied, altered, or repealed,) shall be in full force and effect, and shall have Continuance for and during the 1 erm hereinafter mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in this Act; and this Act, and the additional Term hereby granted, shall be subject and liable, as well to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts, on the Tolls thereby granted and continued, as also to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall hereafter be borrowed for the Purposes of the said recited Acts, and this Act, and of the Intcrell due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

New Truf-

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable FrancisGodol-

tees, pbin Osborne, commonly called Lord Francis Godolphin Osborne, The Right Honourable Charles Somerset Manners, (.ommonly called Lord Charles So-meriet Manners, The Right Honourable Charles Torke, Sir Charles Cotton Baionet, Sir Thomas Charles Buniury Baronet, Sir Charles Watson Baronet, Sir George Beaumont Baronet, Sir B. Harwood Knight, The Honourable Thomas Brand, General Thomas Hall, General Elwes, R. Jones

Adcane, Benjamin Keene, Marmaduke Dayrell, Henry Soame, Christopher JeaJfrefon, John Hall, Richard G. 7ownley, Ferdinand Huddleston, Thomas B. Littell, Peter Allin, Lhnjlopher Pemberton, Christopher Pemberton Junior, Ambrose Benning, Henry Sperling, John Trotter, Ebenczer Hollick, William Hollick, R. P. Todd, Charles Stevenson, John Mortlocke, J. C. Mortlocke, Thomas Fajfett, Charles Pern, John Hay, The Reverend Turner D.D., The Reverend EdmundFijlser, The Reverend EdmundFijlser Junior, The Reverend R. C. Barnard, The Reverend James Hicks, i'he Reverend Joseph Hall, The Reverend J. si. Carr, The Reverend Edward Wollaston, 1 he Reverend John Maule, The Reverend Fyge JaunJey, The Reverend john Hailfione, The Reverend George Barlow, I’he Reverend James Cullum, The Reverend B. B. Syer, The Reverend B. Syer, The Reverend Thomas Crick, The Reverend Clarkson, The Reverend

William Byewater, The Reverend Holt Okcs, The Reverend Goodwin, The Reverend F. Mereweaiber, and The Reverend W. Boliero, being qualified according to the Directions of the said First recited Act, shall be, and they are hereby appointed, Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act; and they, together with the Trustees appointed by oreleded in pursuance of the said recited Acts, shall be, and are hereby declared Trustees for pucting the said Acts and this Act into Execution.

Quorum of JU. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Matters, and Things,

the Trustees. autf,0rized or required by the said recited Acts and this Act, or either of them, to be done and executed by the Trustees for carrying the lame into Execution, shall and may be done and executed by any"Five or more of the said Trustees present at any Meeting, being the Majority of such of them as shall be then present, and the fame when Jo done and executed shall be as good, valid, and effectual, and shall have the lame Force and Effect as if such Acts, Matcers, and Things had been done and executed by all or any greater Number than Five of the said Trustees.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 26. 491

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Exemption*. AS no Toll shall be demanded or received for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Cattle drawing any Carriage going for, or returning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Parishes or Places in which the Road hereby to be repaired, or any Parc thereof, doth lie, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, or Compost of any Kind (Chalk, Lime, Peat Ashes, and Soot excepted), for the manuring any Garden, or other Land or Ground; nor shall any Toll be taken, demanded, or received for any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Cattle going for the Purpose of, or returning from ploughing, lowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Ground, or employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying any Hay, Straw. Corn in the Straw, or Wood not fold or dFpol'ed of, but to be laid up in the Houses, Out-houses,

Yards, or on the Premises of the Owner or Owners thereof; or for any Plough, Harrow, Dray, or other Implements of Husbandry; or for :my Horle or other Beall or Cattle going to or returning from Water or Palturc, or going to be, or returning from being Ihod or tarried; or for any Horle, Cattle, or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprefies under the Authority of His Majesty's Podmader-Gene-ral, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Exprefies, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for the Horses of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages or Horses, or other Beads employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of such Soldiers; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses, or other Cattle, drawing the fame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores, of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the UieofHis Majesty's Forces; or for any Horse,

Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in troing to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided luch Persons are in the U niform of their respecti ve Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemptions; or for any Carriage, Horse, or other Bead employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Pafies; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parish in which any Parc of such Road doth lie, who Pnail pals through any of the said Turnpikes to or from his, her, or their respective Parish Cnbrch or Chapel, or other Place of religious Worfnip tolerated by Law on Sundays or on Christmas Day, Cuod Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person dying and to be buried in any of the said Parishes, or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person, or upon other his parocmal or miniiterial Duty on a Sunday, or on Christmas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Horle,

Cattle, or Bead carrying any Palfcnger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calalh, or Chair going to or returning from the Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for J ■> the

Exempting Carriages with Mores.

492 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

the said Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Dav before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the iame, or shall make use of any Fraud whatsoever, whereby the Payment of the Tolls granted and continued by the said recited Acts and this Act, or any Part thereof, shall be evaded, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, whereof one Moiety shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said recited Affs and of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning, or driving, or causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Oomm'tffariai, or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be (object to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight} nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage be (lopped or detained by reaion of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn t>y any Ntimber of Hotfes or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Ctrt, or other C irriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Statute

VI. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or

Labour, shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the Road by the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, directed to be made, widened, and repaired, or any Part thereof, shall Hill remain liable thereto, in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Cambridge and Suffolk in their respective Jurisdictions, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time, to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices (at some Place to be expressed in such Summons) within Seven days after the serving of such Summons, of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with L earns or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of

493

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names Ilia'll be made in such Manner, and under fuel) Regulations and Restrictions, as is, are, or may be directed by any Lav/ or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and f many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to do Statute Work as aforesaid, t^ do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be fubiebt and liable to the Payment of any such Money in Lieu of or as a Compofuion for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress abd Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts or either of them authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose,by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beads to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in Force and Effect for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Perfort who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as it he had neglected or refuted to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending of the said Road; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refule or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor 10 offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purpose hereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Prefons under any other Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Acts particularly men-

[Lqc. iff Per.] 6 I tioned.

Rf-invc sing PurchaseMo-nies when amounting to 200I.

494

:Less ihan 2C0l. i»’.d amounting

•20 i.

4.90 GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

tioned, such Money shall in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fnmmary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land lax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, (food, settled, or limited, to such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until the same shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, he inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds/>cr Cf«ta»iConfolidaredor Three Pounds/>fr Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the mean Time and until the said ■Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be lei's than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in such Cases' the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used, or o( his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their tespective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option and approved of by Five or

more

495

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be Signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in such Case the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of the said recited Acttsand thislAd, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use. and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refule to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and iu every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (describing them) subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums ef Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall leem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Ertates, Title, or interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises at to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby requited to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title o( any Person to any Money to be paid into th.e Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament?, or of any Estate, Right, or

interest

Uoder aol.

In cafeof not making out Tides, Ac,

Where any Questionlhall arise touching the Title, the I’erson in l'o( fession to be deemed the Owner.

496

The Court of Chancery to order Expences to be paid by the Trustees.

Expences cf

the Act,

Puo'ic Act.

Commencement and Continuance of Act,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 26.

J-nterest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to he purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all i’erlons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the said Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unlef’s it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Posstffinn, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest: therein.

XII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That, where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from rl ime to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or so much of the Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs and Charges incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid out of any Money collected or received, or to be collected or received, by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, upon the said Road, in Preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts (subject to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained) shall continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Residue now to come and unexpired of the Terms granted by the said recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further i erm of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the Lnd of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 27.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein described, so far as the fame relate to the Road from the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole and Wiinborn Minster, in the County of Dorset, to the Turnpike Road between Blandford Forum and Dor-chester, in the County of Dorset.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, alter, and 7 G- 2- c.!», amend an Ail for repairing and widening several Roads leading from between the Second and Third Milejlones on the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole and Winborn Minster, in the County of Dorset, to Bratton Corner in the County of Somerset, and for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road in Brianfton, to or near a House called Yonl\aoy's Farm House.»'« the County of Dorset, several Tolls and Powers were given and granted to Trustees for the Term of Twenty-one Years from the Eighteenth Day of April One thousand seven hundred [Loe. id Per.'] 6 K and

498

tjG.j. c. 85.

Former Afl* co:.tiuueU.

TrustfcfS.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

and sixty-seven, for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said' Roads, and which said Roads were by the said Act divided into two Divisions, one called The Eastern Division, and the other The U'ejlern Division, and separate Trustees were appointed for the Care and Management of each Division of the said Roads: And whereas by another Act passed in thefSeventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for continuing the Term and altering and enlarging several of the Powers contained in the said Act, so far as the fame related to the Road from the Turnpike Road between the Town and County of Poole and ff tnborne Minster aforesaid, to the Turnpike Road in the Parish of Brianjh n aforesaid, which leads from Blandford Forum to Dorchester, being the Road within and called the said Eastern Division, the said first-mentioned Act, so far as related to the said Eastern Division, was continued for the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and some of the Provisions were thereby repealed, altered, and enlarged: And whereas the Trustees for the Care of the Road within the said Eastern Division have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have for that Purpose from Time to Time borrowed several considerable Sums of Money on the Credit thereof, and of the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken on the said Eastern Division, which Money ltill remains due and owing, and cannot be paid oft', nor can the said Roads be properly amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said Eastern Division, be further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls granted and continued by the said Acts on the said Eastern Division should be increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts passed in the Seventh and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all the Authorities, Tolls, Powers, Privileges, Exemptions, Provisions, Penalties, and Clauses therein contained and now in force (except as the same are hereby varied, enlarged, allured or repealed, and except such of them as relate to the Exemption from Stamp Duties), so far as the said Acts relate to the said Eastern Division, shall be and the same are hereby continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein particularly inserted, repeated, and re-enacted, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained; and this Act, and the Tolls hereby granted, shall and the same are hereby made subject to the Payment of all Monies due and owing upon the Credit of the said former Acts in respect of the said Eastern Division, or that may hereafter be borrowed in pursuance of this Act, and all Interest now" due thereon and hereafter to grow due thereon respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Right Honourable Richard Ryder, Sir William Augustus Pitt, the Reverend Sir James Hanham Baronet, Henry Banket, Peter William Baker, Peter Bedford, Thomas Horlock Bastard, John Bastard, John Calcraft, William Churchill, Francis Fane, James John Farquharson, Richard Erie Drax Grosvenor, Francis Kingston Oalfine, Benjamin Linthorne, William Morten Pitt, Edmund Merton Pley-

5 dell.

499

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

dell, Edward Berkeley Portman, Robert Radcliffe, Henry Seymer, William Spurrier, John Trenchard, Samuel White, John Willett Willett, Esquires, Walter Charles Heywood Doctor of Physick, the Reverend Benjamin Heath Doctor of Divinity, John Aujlen, John Bajhett, George IIIo Brice, Thomas Burrough, Edward Butt, William Chafin, Robert Mitchell CroJfeT Christopher Erie, Christopher Fleet, George Marsh, Robert Morice, James Mayo, Thomas Racket, John Honyfield Ridout, Charles Russell, Nathaniel Templeman, Clerks, John Andrews, John Barns, Harry Biggs, John Biggs, Thomas Brine, William Pitt Butt, Stephen Carpenter, William Cajlleman, John Clarke, John Clapcotl, Joseph Clapcott, George Clapcott, Edmund Cootb, William Crosse, Thomas Roje Drew, William Driver, Samuel White Driver, John Durden, Robert Fisher, William Fisher, Malachi Fisher, John Foote, Robert Fowls, William Fryer, William Gould, William Harris, John Fill Hart, William Hayward, Samuel Hill, William Howfe, John Tregonwell King, Humphry Leer, William Mackrell, Thomas Manning, George Moore, George Oakley, Thomas Oakley, Thomas Parr, Edward Percy, Harry Percy, John Ridout, Gould Smith, Henry Snell, William Sol/ers, Samuel Simmonds, Henry Stroud, William Tice, John Vincent, Henry White, John White, Gentlemen, John Danfey, Thomas Druit, and Robert Muston, Surgeons, shall be and they 'are hereby appointed Trustees to put the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, so far as relate to the said Eastern Division; and in case any of the Trustees hereby appointed shall die, or by Writing under their rei’pedive Hands decline or refuse to ad in the Execution of the Trulls hereby reposed in them, then some other fit and proper Person shall be elected and appointed a Trustee in the Place and Stead of every Trustee so dying, refusing, or declining to act as aforesaid, in the Manner provided or mentioned by the said first-recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Third Monday next after the passing of this Act, the several Tolls and Duties granted and made payable by the said recited Acts shall cease and be no longer paid; and that in lieu thereof there shall be demanded, received, and taken from thenceforth, during the Continuance of this Act, the several Tolls and Duties herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,)

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or Yoke of Oxen, drawing any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Landaulet, Barouche, Chariot, Chaise, Chaise Marine, Calalh, Curricle, Gig, Chair, Caravan, Car, Hearse, Waggon, Wain, Frame, Cart, Dray, or other Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Score of Oxen, Cows, Heifers, Calves, or Swine, the Sum of One Shilling per Score:

For every Drove of Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score: And so in Proportion for a greater or less Number.

Which said Tolls and Duties in and by this Act granted and made payable as aforesaid shall be and are hereby vested in the Trustees for the Time being for carrying the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution, so far as relates to the said Eastern Division, and shall be paid, received, and taken at the Gate or Gates, Toll Bar or Toll Bars erected or to be erected upon or on the Side of the said Roads within the said Eastern

Division,

Former Ton* to cease.

New Tolls,

To be recovered ami appli-d in the fame M inner as the former

Tolls.

5°®'

fjcrmption* fio n Tells.

49° GEO R G11 III. Cap. 27.

Division, in such Manner, and shall be paid, levied, applied, disposed of and assigned for such Uses and Purposes, and in such Manner as the lolls and Duties on the said Eastern Division granted by the said recited Acts are thereby authorized and directed to be received, paid, levied, applied, difyofed of and assigned, except as by this Act is otherwise directed.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Exemption or Exemptions from the several Tolls and Duties granted and made payable by the said recited Acts, so far as relate to the said Eastern Division, shall cease and be no longer allowed, and that in lieu thereof the several Ex. emptions from Tolls herein-after mentioned shall be allowed; (that is to say), that no Tolls shall be demanded or taken for any Horle or Carriage passing through any of the Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars erected or to be erected upon or on the Side of the said Roads within the said Eastern Division, carrying or conveying Stone, Bricks, Lime, 'limber, Wood,

/ Gravel, or other Materials to be used on or about the said Roads, or for the repairing any Highways in the Parishes, Townships, Districts, or Places which are liable to perform Statute Duty upon any Part of the said Roads within the said Eastern Division, nor returning empty when so employed; nor carrying or conveying Hay, Corn in the Straw, or other Produce of the Lands lying within the said Parishes, Townships, Districts, or Places, to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or Yards belonging to the Inhabitants of and situate within the said Parishes,. Townships, Districts, or Places-, nor any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry to be used in the Cultivation of Lands; nor any Lime or Manure, nor returning empty when so employed; nor shall any Toll be paid by any Rector or officiating Minister of or other Person or Persons who shall pass through the said Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars wi'hin the said Eastern Division to or from Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship, or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes, Townships, Districts, or Places; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon any other has Parochial or Miniiterial Duty on a Sunday, or on Christnms Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor for any Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, Aires, or Cattle, which are kept within such Parishes, Townships, Districts, or Places, going to or returning from Work in cultivating the Lands within the same; nor for any Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, Asses, Cattle, Sheep,. Lambs, Goats, or Hogs, which are to be kept within the said Parishes,. Townships, Districts, or Places, going to or returning from Pasture, the Commons or other Grazing Grounds, or Watering Places, or Black-fntiths Shops, or in bringing Peat, Turf, or Heath from oft' the Moors, Heaths, or Commons belonging to the lame, for the Use of the Inhabitants of the Parish, Township, District, or Place wherein such Peat Turf, or Heath shall be produced or grow; nor for any Sheep or Lambs passing through any Side Gate or Side Gates erected or to be erected across the Road leading to or near Crawford Bridge; nor for any Horses or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster-General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding the fame, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for the Horses of Soldiers on the March or on Duty, or Carriages or

Horses,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 17.

Horses, or other Beasts employed in carrying Arms or Baggage of fucil

Soldiers; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Iiorfes or other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be employ d in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other publick Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps relpedivtly at the Time of claiming such Exemption; or for any Carriage, Horse, or other Bead employed in the Conveyance of Vagrams travelling with legal Passes, or travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Process; nor for any Horse or Carriage going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to fervein Parliament for the said County of Dorfei on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and penalty of it any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions t^rfons aforesaid, not being entitled thereto, every such Person so offending and E«'mpuoni being thereof convicted upon the Confession of the Parly accused, or on when not the Oaih or Oaths of One or more Witness or Witnesses, before One or entltiei' more Justice or Justices of the Peace of and for the County of Dorset (which said Oath or Oaths such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer), shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, upon whose Oath or Oaths the said Offender or Offenders shall be convicted, to and for his and their own Ule and Uses, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and go and be applied in repairing and widening the said Road within the said Eastern Division.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving or owner* or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage pro- ff'"-r6 of. vided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, the sf^iceof Barrack, or Commissariat, or other publick Stores of or belonging to

His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to pentum* to* any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight, nor shall any such Waggon, Overweight, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, be flopped or detained by reason of any "c*

Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Iiorfes or Oxen, but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, any Thing in any’ Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this or the said recited Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, with To prevent any Horse, Marc, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Cattle, Goat, Sheep, Lambs, the

Hogs, or Carriage whatsoever, pass over any inclosed or uninclosed Ground or Common near any of the Gates or Toll Bars erected or to be erected upon or on the Side of the said Roads within the said Eastern Division, whereby the Payment of the said Tolls, or any Part thereof,

, [Lpr. &Per.} " 6 L ' shall

CQ2

Tolls to be pawl but Once a D<y.

Penalty on Pt:f ns hying Siraw. ic. on the Rjads.

Apple it'on o!

Co...p nation Mine

aoou ling to 1001,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

shall be avoided, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall be paid to the Informer or Informers, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said 1 ruflees, and be applied for the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall subject any Person to the Payment of more than One full Toll in any One Day, for passing and repassing through all the Gates or Toll Bars erected or to be erected upon or on the Side of the said Roads within the said Eastern Division.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall lay any Hay, Straw, or other Matter or Thing in or upon any Part of the said Roads, within the said Eastern Division, to be made into Manure, or shall scrape off any Gravel, Mud, Soil, or other Materials of or belonging to the said Roads, within the said Eastern Division, otherwise than by and under the Direction of the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or shall wilfully turn out any Cattle or Pigs, for the Purpose of feeding or straying, in, along, or by the Side of the said Roads, within the said Eastern Division, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leare any Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, in or upon the said Roads, within the said Eastern Division, either with or without any Horse or Beast of Draught harnessed or yoked thereto (except in Cafes of Accident, and except also during such reasonable Time as such Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, shall be loading or unloading, and (landing as near the Side of the said Roads, within the said Eastern Division, as conveniently may be); or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Brick, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Earth, Soil, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, in or upon any Part of the said Roads, within the said Eastern Division, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice of the said Roads, within the said Eastern Division, or to the Annoyance or Prejudice of any Person or Persons travelling thereon; every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

F VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or uled by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, so far as the fame relate to the said Eastern Division, which shall belong to any Body Politick, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Feoffees in Trust, Guardian, Committees, Trustees, Femes Covert, or other incapacitated Person or Persons, such Money shall, if the fame amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be paid, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the I.and Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments

handing

503

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

(landing settled to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase* of other Mdl'uages, Lands^ Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or ul'ed as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the lime of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exirting undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby and by the said recited Acts directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or assessed to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Body Politick, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands), be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or mote of the said Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case shall be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money so agreed or a(Te(Ted to be paid as herein-before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Hereditaments so purchased or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think

Application when the Compenfrlion is !el» than 200I. and exceeds 20U

Application where the Mon?y is left than to 1.

50+

In cnfe of not In \ n oir

T*r*e; 'M- f Pnijn cm n tn tour't

P * TIMM*.

M *n y to W-pa i n •» hr mbj-At to »he O cr ©t C *u . of O ,n ery, on M i n or Ptiinun.

P»rfo-s in PoJT (lioo Ilia! I ne <lcem‘d well enUcd, Holds the conrr.iiy be Shewn.

49° GEORGII III: Cap. 27.

think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded or a defied for any Lands, 'lenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good 1 itle to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustee-; or in case the Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded or addled as aforesaid cannot be found, or it the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, 'lenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered; then and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order the Sum or Sums of Money so awarded or assessed as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing tl>em\. subject to the Order, C.ontroul, and Hifpofuion of the said Court o: Chancery; which said Court, on the Applicauon of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Dirtribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Ertates, 1 itle or Interest of such Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums into the Bank as aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant G neral of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Perilous claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to be lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be fnewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, anti also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it Avail he made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were

10 lawfully

49° GEORGII III. Cap.'27.

lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to forrie Estate or Interest therein.

X1IL Provided also, and be it further eiiafted, That where by reason of any Di lability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts or of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are of shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, within the said Eastern Division, or any Part thereof, shall dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Dorset, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads within the said Eastern Division, by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the fame do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto, it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute now in force or effect for the Repairs of Publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may appoint, ailot, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads within the said Eastern Division as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Haytime or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject \Loc. S95 Per-,] 6 M and

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees,

For re&ulating the Statute Labour on the said Division.

5c6

How Expences of A <3 to be paid.

Declaring the

Ail i'uLlick,.

Commencement nd C ntinuance of the Act.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 27.

and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees, or to their freasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall order or direct; and in Defauli of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liabi'* to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as air- Penalty ic by the said Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and ach and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose by any Survey of or to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Dtiau! , or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, 1 Vaught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beails, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of Publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, within the said Eastern Division, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor of or to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and dismiss the Person who shall be so found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe any such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent ta work on any Part of the said Roads within the said Eastern Division; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer, and shall be applied towards amending the said Roads within the said Eastern Division; and in case the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false and imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Expences, Costs, and Charges which shall attend the soliciting, obtaining, and passing of this Act, and incurred preparatory thereto, shall be paid and defrayed out of any Money now in the Hands of the Treasurer, or out of the first Monies which shall arise or be received from the Tolls to be taken within the said Eastern Division, or otherwise, by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the Second Monday next after the passing thereof, and shall continue in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. liEGIS.

Cap. 28.

An Act for continuing the Term and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads from Kippings Cross to Lam-berburjl Pound and Pullens Hill, in the County of Kent, and to Flimwell Kent, in the County of Sussex, and certain other Roads in the said Acts described.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Second Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An lG'3'c Act for continuing, enlarging, and rendering more effectualfo much of an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesh King George the Second, intituled, *An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers 1 granted by Two A els of Parliament, for repairing the Roads leading from ‘ Sevenoaks to Woodsgate and Tonbridge Wells, and from Woodsgate to * Kippings Cross, in the County of Kent; and also for repairing the Roads * from Kippings Cross aforesaid, to Lumberhurst Pound and Pullens Hill,-‘ in the said County, and to Flimwell Vent, in the County of Sussex,’ as relates to- the amending, repairing and keeping in Repair the said Roads leading from Kippings Cross aforesaid, to' Lamberhurst Pound, Pullens Hill, and Flimwell Vent aforesaid: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty,intituled, An *7°- 1-Act for continuing the Term and varying the Powers of an Act of the Second Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Roads, from Kippings Cross,

{hoc. U Per.} 6-N in

c. to.

5io

Said Act s Gunner continued.

For reducing the Qu 'Him of Trustees »nder the said Acts*

No Order to

he revoked unless a greater Number of Trustees are present than were present at the making such Older,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

in the County c/Kent, to Lamberhurst Pound and Pullens Hill in the said County, and to Flimwell Vent in the County of Sussex; and also for repairing the Road from the Turnpike Gate at Lamberhurst Pound aforesaid, through East Lane and by Hope Mill, to the Turnpike Road at Clayhill, in the Parish of Goudhurst, in the County of Kent: And whereas the Trustees appointed in and by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the lame into Execution, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls authorized to be taken on the said Roads, which Money still remains due and owing, and cannot be'paid off*or the said Roads effect ually amended, widened, improved and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended and enlarged; and it is necessary that the Tolls granted by the said Acts should be encreased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may he enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts passed in the Second and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of His said present Majesty King George the Third, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Provisions, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things therein respectively contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and except such as are hereby varied, altered or repealed,), shall be and they are hereby further continued for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take Effect immediately upon the passing of this Act; and this Act and the additional or other Term and Tolls hereby granted, shall be and they are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls granted or authorized to be taken by the said recited Acts, and also of such other Sum and Sums of Money as shall or may be borrowed for the Purpose of the said Acts and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Acts, Matters, and Things authorized and required by the said recited Acts and this Act or either of them to be done and executed by the Trustees for carrying the fame into Execution, shall and may be done and executed by any Three or more of the said Trustees present at any Meeting, or the Majority of such of them as , shall be then present; and the fame when so done and executed shall be as good, valid, and effectual, and shall have the fame Force and Effect as if such Acts, Matters, and Things had been done and executed by all or any greater Number than Three of the said Trustees.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Order made for carrying the said Acts or this Act into Execution shall be revoked or altered unless a greater Number of Trustees shall be present and concur ill revoking or altering such Order than were present when such Order was made; nor shall any Order be revoked or altered as aforesaid, unless at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, public Notice of which Meeting shall be given

‘ by

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 28. 511

by affixing the fame in Writing upon all the Turnpikes erected or to be erected in pursuance of the said Acts or this Act, declaring the Intention of repealing such Order or Orders at lead. Ten Days before such Meeting.

IV. And whereas it is deemed expedient that the Tolls in and by the For repelling said recited Acts granted or authorized to be taken on the said Roads and granting should be repealed, and other and greater Tolls granted instead thereof; new ones, be it therefore enacted, That all and singular the Tolls granted or authorized by the said recited Acts to be taken on the said Roads, shall from and after the Second Monday next after the passing of this Act, be and the same are hereby repealed; and that in dead thereof there shall be demanded and taken at all and every the Gates and Turnpikes erected or to be erected or continued by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, the several Tolls following; (that is to fayj,

For every Horse, Mare, Geiding, Mule or other Bead, drawing any new Toll*. Carriage, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or other Bead, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten Pence per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Pigs, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score j and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trudecs shall and may and DoifcieToii they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause to be demanded and 011 Sllrtli*y* taken, at all and every the said Gates and Turnpikes, on each and every

Sunday during the Continuance of the Term hereby granted (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock in the preceding Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Sunday Night) Double the Tolls which shall for the Time being be authorized to be collected on any other Day, under or by virtue of the said recited Acts or of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That between the Tenth Day of October and the First Day of April in every Year, there shall be demanded and taken at each and every Gate or Turnpike erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, an additional Toil equal to the Toll then otherwise payable for every Horse or other Bead of Draught drawing any Carriage employed in carrying or conveying any Flop-poles,

Timber, Wood, Gun, or any other Iron; any Thing in this or any former Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said several Tolls by this Act New Tol!, authorized to be taken shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said verted in the Trustees, and the fame and every Part thereof shall be collected, re- Tri,ftee,‘ covered, paid, applied, varied, altered and aifposed of in such and the same Manner and by such and the fame Ways and Means, and with such Remedies for Recovery in case of Nonpayment or Evasion thereof, as is or are mentioned and contained in the said recited Acts respecting the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken.

1

512 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 2$.

Co!io«or« of

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Liti-roiisnot in- gatJon shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the lolls by this Act be examined0 authorized to be collected, or any of them, the Person or Persons ap-"6 Witficflea, pointed to col left the fame, or any other Person or Persons aiding by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being so appointed to collect the said Tolls, or acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

IX. And be it further enacted, That noToll shall be demanded or takenfor any Horse, Mare, Gelding or other Cattle, drawing any Carriage going for or returning laden or unladen, having been laden only with Stones, Gravel, or other Materials for the repairing of the said Roads, or any of the Highways or public Roads in the Parishes or Places in which the Roads hereby intended to be repaired and improved, or any Part thereof, do lie, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, or Compost of any Kind (Chalk and Lime excepted) for the manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground; nor shall any Toll be taken, demanded or received for any Carriage or Cattle going for the Purpose of or returning from ploughing, sowing, tilling or cultivating any Land or Ground, or going for or returning unladen or only laden with Hay, Straw, Corn in the Straw, or Wood for the Owners Fuel or Consumptior., cut and taken from Lands in his own Occupation unfold and not for Sale, but to be laid up in the Houses, Out-houses, Yards, or on the Premises of any Inhabitant of the respective Parifltes in which the said Roads do lie, or for any Plough, Harrow, Dray, or other Implement of Husbandry, or for any Horse or other Bead or Cattle drawing or carrying the fame in order for the repairing thereof, or using the latne in Husbandry; or for any Horse or other Bead or Cattle going to or returning from Water or Pasture, or going to be or reurning from being (hoed or farried; or for any Horses, Cattle or Carriages, of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and F.xpreffes under the Authority of His Majesty's Post-master General, either when employed in conveying or guarding the fame, or in returning back from conveying or guarding the fame j or for the Horses of Soldiers on their March or on Duty, or Carriages or Horses or other Beads employed in carrying the Arms or Baggage of such Soldiers, or returning back from carrying the fame; or for any Horse, Mare or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning > from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided such Persons be in the Uniform ot their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemptions; or for any Carriage, Horse or other Bead employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants travelling with legal Passes, or returning from so doing; nor shall any of the Tolls hereby granted be demanded or taken from any Inhabitant of any Parish through which any Part of the said Roads doth lie, who shall pass through any of the said Turnpikes to or from his, her, or their respective Parish Church, Chapel or other Place of Religious Worship, tolerated by Law, on Sundays or on Christmas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated^ or who shall attend the Funeral of any Person dying and to be buried in any of the said Parishes j or from any Clergyman going to or returning

5*3

49* GEORG G11 III. Cap. 28.

turning from visiting any Sick Person, or upon any other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty, on a Sunday or on Christmas Day, Good Friday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Horse, Cattle or Beaif carrying any Passenger, or drawing any Coach, Landau, Landaulet, Chariot, Gig or other Carriage going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the said Counties of Kent and Sussex, or either of them, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being entitled to the fame, or shall make use of any Fraud whatsoever, whereby the Payment of the Tolls granted and continued by the said recited Acts and this Act, or any Part thereof, shall be evaded, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, whereof One Moiety shall be applied towards repairing or amending the said Roads, and the other Moiety thereof shall be paid to the Use of tire Informer.

X. And be it further enacted, That all Gates to be hereafter made and placed in any Field or Ground adjoining to the said Road', or any of them, shall be so made and hung as to open inward towards such Field or Ground, and not outward towards the said Roads, or any of them; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to cause all or any of such Gates as are now erected, and open outward towards any of the said Roads, to be altered and made to open inward, as they the said Trustees shall think proper.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall lay any Hay, Straw or other Matter or Thing in or upon any Fart of the said Roads to be made into Manure, or shall ferape off any Gravel, Mud, Soil, or other Materials of or belonging to the said Roads, otherwise than by and under the Direction of the said Trustees; or shall wilfully turn out any Cattle or Pigs, for the Purpose of feeding or flraying, in, along or by the Side of the said Roads, or any Part thereof; or if any Person or Persons shall leave any Waggon, Cart or other such Carriage, in or upon the said Roads, either with or without any Horse or Bead of Diaught harnessed or yoked thereto (except in Cafes of Accident, and except also during such reasonable Time as such Waggon, Cart or other Carriage shall be loading or unloading, and (landing as near the Side of the said Roads as conveniently may be"); or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Brick, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Earth, Soil or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, in or upon any Part of the said Roads, or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice of the said Roads, or to the Annoyance or Prejudice of any Person or Persons travelling thereon; every Person so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part thereof, shall fill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful

[Lee. 5s5 Per.J 6 0 for

All Gate* to be made on the Sides of Road to open inward toward* the

Field.

Penary on Persons hying Straw, &c, on ihe Roads.

Far rrsutating the Statute La '.nr on the said Roads.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County in which such Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof are or is situate, and they are hereby required and empowered, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or by their Treasurer, Clerk, or Surveyor, by their Order yearly to adjudge and determine what Part and Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the fame do lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every tuch Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lilts before such Justices at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the ferviag of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work.distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may appoint, allot, and order, such and so many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year, upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the fame shall be done at such Days and at such Times (not being Haytime or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refute to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their ufufd Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of or to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor of or to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

to remove and difm:fs the Person who shall be so found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe any such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments as aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer of or to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case tile said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lilts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false and imperfetl Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be paid or Application of agreed or awarded to be paid for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, Money or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of amounting to the said recited Acts or this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall 100 '• belong to any Body Politick, Corporate, or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in Trust, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee or other Trustee, for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cestuique Trust, or to any Person whose Lands or Hereditaments are limited in ftrid or other Settlement, or to any Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands,

Tenements or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses,

Intents or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled, to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Etfed; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities, and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and

Annual

5*5

516 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from lime to "lime be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money, so Compensation agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Money is lets purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any -- ‘i Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Dil'ability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of t wenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments To purchased, taken or used, or of his, her or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the lame shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five of the Trullees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon or therefrom, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed Or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken or used for the Purpose of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit, or in case of Infancy, Idiotcy, or Lunacy, then such Money shall be paid to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

in eafeof not

XVI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons ?itte"g °Ut to w^om any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase purchase Mo- ’of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of neytobe paid the said recited Acts and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame or shall sic*th* " ’ not be able to make a good Title’to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments

Application where the Money is less than 20 1.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 28. 517

Hereditaments.be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties intercffed in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing them]; subject to the Order, Controul, and subject to the Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chan- Order of the eery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such £°urt of Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall c 'aiKU)' be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Ef-tates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose life the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Respecting Question shall arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to

be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to. be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts and of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the 'l’ime of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason TheCourt may of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation, aWeExpe^cei entitled to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be purchased under of the pUr-the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money '’hbe of the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to Tniftee*. * be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

[Etc. Es" Per.] 6 P to

5iS

For paying the Exprncre of the Act.

[Public Act.]

Term and

Continuance of the r.ct.

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 28.

to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all such Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the "said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, who thall from Time to Time pay such Sum or Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs, Charges, and Expences, incident to and attending the obtaining and passing of this Act, shall be paid and discharged out of any Money already collected or received by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, or out of the first Monies to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Just ices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Residue now to come and unexpired of the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Etre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1809,

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 29.

An Act for making and maintaining a Road from the first small Bridge or Culvert which erodes the present Turnpike Road from Cheltenham to Gloucester, on the Gloucester Side of Staverton Bridge, to join the fame Turnpike Road in the Town of Cheltenham in the County of Gloucester.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS the making and maintaining of a Carriage and Turnpike Road from the first small Bridge or Culvert which erodes the present Turnpike Road in the Parish of Churchdown, leading from Cheltenham to Gloucester, on the Gloucester Side of Staverton Bridge, through the several Parishes, Hamlets, Tythings, and Places of Church-down, Staverton, Boddingtort, Arle, Alstone, and Cheltenham, all in the County of Gloucester, to join the fame Turnpike Road from Cheltenham to Gloucester at or nearly opposite to a certain Public House in the Town of Cheltenham called the Fleece, would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Inhabitants of the adjacent Country, and would open a much shorter and better Communication between the City of Gloucester and Cheltenham, and would also be of great public Utility; but the fame cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Honourable Thomas Howard commonly Trustee*. called Lord Viscount Andover, James Agg, James Arkell, Samuel Arkell,

John Arkell, the Honourable George Cranfield Berkeley Member of Parliament, John Brown, Thomas Packer Butt, William Humphris Barrett,

\_Loc. 1st Per.] 6 g Michael

522

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Michael Hicks Beach Member of Parliament, Michael Hicks Beach Junior, William Hicks Beach, Thomas Blayney, Thomas Bvrch, 'John Byrch, William Byrch, Joseph Bickham, William Baker Clerk, William Innes Baker Clerk, Benjamin Buckle, George Brifac, Robert Baylis, Thomas Billings, joseph CrippsMcmber of Parliament, Christopher Codrington Member of Parliament, Richard Critchett, William Capel, Christopher Capel, John Clarke, William Cap-Jlack, LancelotCorbett, the Honourable John Dutton, Thomas Baghott Ddab ere, Richard BaghottDelabere, John Delabere Clerk J Vilharn Ien Jail, Alexander Fo-theringhan, Richard Fofter, Thomas Fletcher, Thomas Freeman, Henry Fowler Clerk, Thomas Gray, William Griffith, Theodore Gw:nnett, John Gale, John Gardiner, Edward Greenwood, Henry Howard Member of Parliament, Sir Robert Herries Knight, Sir William Hicks Baronet, Hugh Hughes Clerk, Robert Hughes, Charles Higgs, John Hodgkinson, John Hughes, James Lloyd Harris, Samuel Hat ward, Thomas Hooper, Robert Hanks, Stokes Heynes, Edward Jemer Doctor of Physic, James Jelf, Gilbert Jones, Baynham Jones, John Jones, Thomas Jones, Peter Radley Jackson, H aiter Hilton Jessop, John Johnson, Benjamin Kingstone, Thomas Kidman, Roe King Clerk, Charles Shaw Le Fevre Member of Parliament, Anthony Lechmere, William Lawrence, Joseph Little, Martin Lucas, Richard Langbridge, Robert Morris Member of Parliament, John Mac Mahon Member of Parliament, Thomas Markham, Thomas Minfler, Peter Ryder Minster, Thomas Nash Doctor of Divinity, John Neale Clerk, William Nettlejhipp, Thomas Nettlejhipp, John Nettlejhipp, Thomas Newell, Thomas Newman, Charles Newmarch, Benjamin Newmarch, William Pearce Clerk, Samuel Pickering Clerk, William Hunt Prinn, Joseph Pitt, Thomas Prucn, Richard Prucn, William Reed, John Riddell, Trifram Robert Ricketts, Luke Reilly, William Russell, Harry Rook, the Honourable Robert Edward Henry Semcifet commonly called Lord Robert Edward Henry Somerset, the Honourable Arthur John Henn Sotnerfet commonly called Lord Arthur John Henry Somerset, the Honourable Charles Henry Somerset, commonly called Lord Charles Henry Somerset, Peter Snell, Richard Skillicorne Skil/icorne Clerk., William Sealey, Thomas Smith Banker, Henry Stiles, William Stone, Edward Smith, Charles Seagur, Thomas Smith Grocer, Thomas Stephens, Henry Thompson, Charles Brandon Trye, Charles Hanbury Tracy Member of Parliament, Daniel Trimler, Edward Tatham Doctor of Divinity, Sir Ralph Woodford Baronet, Thomas Welles Doctor of Divinity, Samuel Whit combe, Hugh Hughes Williams, Paul U atben, Francis Welles, Thomas James Welles, Francis Ralph West, Cornelius Woolley, John Gregory Welsh, Benjamin Wells, John Boles Watson, William I Co id, Charles Wynne, Richard White, and Thomas White, nd their Successors, to be cleded in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed Trustees for making, maintaining, altering, repairing, and improving the said Road, and for otherwise putting this Act in Execution.

II. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Trustee shall die or refuse to ad, it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Writing under their Hands, to elect one oth.r Personto be a Trustee in the Room of such Trustee so deceased or refuting to ad, and Notice of the Time and Place of Meeting for every such Elediofl shall be given by the Clerk or Clerks to the said T; altees, by affixing such Notice in Writing upon all the Turnpike Gates tt en erected in or upon the said Road, and also by inserting the fame in fame public Newspaper printed or circulated in the Parishes through , which

On the Death of Ti u!tee»,

©thera to b: chosen.

5*3

49e GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

which the said Road passes, at lead Ten Days before every such Meeting; and all Persons who shall be so elected shall have the fame Powers and Authorities for putting this Act. in Execution as if they had been respectively named Trustees in and by this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Person shall afUes" be capable of acting as a Trullee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall in his own Right, or in Right of his Wife, be in the actual possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above all Reprizes, or shall be Heir Apparent of a Person poffdfed of an Ellate in such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds above Reprizes, or (hr,11 be poffdfed of or entitled to a Personal Ellate of One thousand Pounds, nor (except in administering the Oath herein-after mentioned) until he shall have taken and subscvibed before any One or more of the said Trustees an Oath in the Words or to the Effect following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear. That I am truly and bond fide, in my own Right [on

* in Right of my Wife] in the actual Possession and Enjoyment W'

* Receipt] of the Rents and Profits of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments ‘ of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds above Reprizes [or am Heir Apparent of a Person seized of such an Ellate of the dear yearly Value of

* One hundred Pounds [or, possessed of a Personal Ellate of the Amount of ‘ One thousand Pounds] , and that I will truly, faithfully, and impartially

* execute the Trulls reposed in me as a Trullee, by virtue of an Act passed ‘ in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled,

* [here insert the Title of this according to the bell of my Skill and Judge-

* merit, and without Favour or Affection, Prejudice or Malice to any Person

* or Persons whomsoever. ‘Sohelp me GOD.'

And if any Person not being so qualified shall presume to act as such Penalty on Trullee contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every such not^eing*'"8 Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty qualified. Pounds to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Colls of Suit in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed, and every Person so prosecuted shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty without any other Proof or Evidence on the Part of the Prosecution than that such Person hath acted as a Trullee in the Execution of this Act; and that no Trustee shall be capable of acting in the Execution of any of the Powers hereby granted during the Time he shall hold any Place of Profit under this Act, nor shall any Victualler or Retailer of Ale,

Beer, or Spirituous Liquors, or any Menial Servant of any Trullee, be capable of holding any Place of Profit under this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Mortgagee Mortgagee* or Assignee of any Mortgage or other Security, or any Lender of Money "layact-upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by this Act, or receiving Intereil thereout for the fame, shall not on that Account be deemed disqualified or rendered incapable of acting as a Trullee in the Execution of this Act: Provided also, that all such Trustees as are Justices of the Pace for the said County of Gloucester, may act as Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this 6 Act,

S2*

Tmdecs miy sue and he sued i rut he Name of their Clerk, &c.

Time and Tlace of Meeting ,&c.

40° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Act, notwithstanding they be Trustees, except in Matters in which they shad be personally interested.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing which shall have been done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being, and that no Action or Suit which shall be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees by virtue of this Act in the Name or Names of their Clerk or Clerks, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Clerks, or by the Act of such Clerk or Clerks, without the Consent of the said Trustees ®r any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk or Clerks for the Time being to the said Trustees shall be deemed Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, as the Case may be, in every such Action: Provided always, that all and every such Clerk or Clerks in svhofe Name or Names any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the Money which shall be collected by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding he or they shall pay, bear, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with by reason of his or their being so made Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, Defendant or Defendants as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall meet together at the Town hall in Cheltenham aforesaid, on the Second Monday next after the Day on which this Act shall receive the Royal Assent, or as soon after as conveniently may be, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, and proceed to put this Act in Execution, and shall then adjourn themselves, and from Time to Time afterwards meet at and again adjourn to such Place near to the said Road as they the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think proper -, and if at any such Meeting there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act or to adjourn to another Day (Two Trustees being hereby declared and deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment only) or in case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees shall from Time to Time in either of such Cases, by Notice in Writing to be affixed and inserted in Manner aforesaid at least Seven Days before the next Meeting, appoint the Trustees to meet at the Place at which the last Meeting was held or was appointed to have been held on such Days as shall be specified in such Notice; and in case the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees shall refuse or neglect to give Notice, or shall by any Means be prevented from giving Notice as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for any Five or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting, at any Time or Times after the Space of Ten Days after such Refusal, Neglect, or Prevention of such Clerk or Clerks, by Notice in Writing under their Hands to be affixed and inserted in Manner aforesaid, to appoint the Trustees to meet at some House near to the said Road upon that Day Fortnight next after the Date of such last-mentioned Notice; but no Business shall be done or proceeded upon by the said Trustees at any Meeting to be held under this Act before the Hour of Eleven in the Forenoon, and no Adjournment shall be made or any

Meeting

52 5

49l GEORGII ill. Cap. 29.

Meeting appointed to be held at any Time later than Three of the Clock in the Afternoon of the Day on which such Meeting shall be appointed to be held; and the said Trustees at all their Meetings shall defray their own Expences, and all Orders and Determinations of the said Trustees in the Execution of this Act shall be made at Meetings to be held in pursuance of this Act and not otherwise (except as herein particularly mentioned); and no Order or Determination shall be made unless a Majority of the Trustees present at a Meeting shall concur therein, nor shall any such Order or Determination be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting unless Nine Trustees shall be present, or unless the Person or Persons applying to revoke or alter any such Order shall give Notice thereof n Writing to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, and for want of such Clerk or Clerks to the Person or Persons acting as l'reasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, to be by him or them affixed and inserted in Manner herein-before mentioned, at least Ten Days previous to any Meeting.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if after any Adjournment of any Meeting of the said Trustees it shall be thought necessary that an earlier h Day of Meeting should be appointed than the Day appointed by such Adjournment, in that Cafe the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees, upon

an Order in Writing signed by Three or more of the acting Trustets, mentioning the Time, Place, and Purpose of such Meeting, shall forthwith give Notice thereof in the Manner before directed, and of the Time and Place which shall be mentioned in the Order of the said Trustees (such Time not being less than Seven Days after such Notice) and such earlier Meeting shall and may be held accordingly; and all the Proceedings of the Trustees at all such Meetings shall be as valid and effectual as they would have been in case such Meetings had been held in pursuance of Adjournment.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or TaiIcm to_

more of them shall and may at their First or any subsequent Meeting by *£rj°'n "

Writing under their Hands elect and appoint a Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors of the Tolls by this Act granted, and shall take such Security from such Treasurer or Treasurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices, as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit, and shall also elect and appoint a Surveyor or Surveyors and such other Officers as the said Trustees or any

Five or more of them shall think proper, and also may from Time to Time remove such Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, Receivers, Surveyors, and other Officers or any of them as they the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall fee Occasion, and appoint others in the Room of such of them as shall be so removed, or as shall die, resign, or become incapable of performing their Duty; and the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall and may, out of the Money to be raised and received by virtue of this Act, give such Salaries or make such Allowances to the Clerks, Treasurers, Receivers, Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers so appointed, for and in consideration of the Care and Pains respectively taken in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Persons as shall be aflilting in and about the Execution of this Act, as to them the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall seem proper; w and all such Officers and other Persons shall upon their respective Oaths, account, etc.

[Lee. C95 Per.~\ 6 R if

526

Trustees may appoint temporary Collectors and remove those discharged.

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 29.

if thereupon required by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them (which Oaths any One of the said Trustees is hereby empowered to administer) from Time to Time, and as often as such Officers and other Persons shall be called upon for that Purpose, produce and give up to the said T. rustees full, true, and perfect Accounts in Writing under their respective Hands of all Monies which shall have been by them respectively had, received, or collected, and how, to whom, and for what Purposes such Monies and every Part thereof shall have been paid, disposed of, or applied, together with proper Receipts and Vouchers for such Payments, and shall and are hereby respectively required to pay all such Monies as shall appear to be in their respective Hands to the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or to such Person or Persons, or for such Uses and Purposes as they shall direct and appoint; and if such Officer or other Person (being required so to do) shall refuse or neglect to render and give up or to verify upon Oath such Account or Accounts as aforesaid, or to produce or deliver up to the said Trustees or any Five or more of them the Receipts and Vouchers relating to the fame, or to pay as aforesaid any Sum or Sums of Money which shall appear to remain in his or their Hands, or shall not deliver to the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, within Ten Days after having been thereunto required by any Five or more of the said Trustees, all the Books, Papers, and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in any of the said Cafes any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County, City, Town, or Place wherein such Officer or Person shall be and reside, shall (upon Complaint of any Five or more of the said Trustees) make Enquiry concerning such Default either by Confession of the Party or by the Testimony of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward j and if any such Officer or Person shall be convicted of any of the Offences aforesaid, such Justice or Justices shall and may commit such Officer or other Person so convicted to the Common Gaol for such County, Borough, City, Town, or Place, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until such Officer or other Person shall give and make a true and perfect Account, and verify the same as aforesaid, and make such Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Trustees or any Five or more of them for the fame, and shall have paid such Composition Money to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer or Treasurers (which Composition the said Trustees or any Five or more of them are hereby •mpowered to make) or until such Officer or other Person shall have delivered up such Books, Papers, and Writings as aforesaid, or given Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Trustees or any Five or more of them; but no Officer or other Person who shall be committed for any of the Offences aforesaid shall be detained in Prison any greater Length of Time than Six Calendar Months.

IX. And be it further enacted, That when and as often as any Collector or Receiver of the Tolls shall die, neglect, or be incapable of performing his Duty, or shall abscond or abl'ent himself, it shall be lawful for any Three or more of the said Trustees, although not assembled at a Meeting of the said Trustees to be appointed by virtue of this Act, to discharge such Collector or Receiver so neglecting or incapable of performing his Duty, or absconding or absenting himself, and to nominate

and

$27

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

and appoint a proper Person to be a Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls, to continue until the then next Meeting of the said Trustees, in the dead of such Collector or Receiver as shall so die or be discharged; and such Person so nominated and appointed shall have the like Power and Authority and be answerable and accountable in the fame Mannet in all Respects as the Person who shall so die or be discharged would have had or have been subject to, and that if any Collector or Receiver of the said Tolls who shall be discharged from his Office by virtue of this Act, or the Wife or Widow or any of the Children, Family, or other Representative of any Collector or Receiver who shall die or be discharged, or any other Person or Persons shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of any Toll House or Building to be erected or set up by virtue of this Act for the Space of Four Days after Demand thereof made and Notice in Writing given for that Purpose by any Three or more of the said Trustees (although not assembled at any Meeting) or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, then and in any or either of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for any Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County of Gloucester by Warrant under his Hand and Seal or their Hands and Seals to order any Constable or other Peace Officer for the same County, with such Assistance as shall be necessary, to enter such House or Building in the Day-time, and to remove the Person or Persons who shall be found therein, together with his, her, or their Goods out of the fame, and to put the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, or such new appointed Collector or Receiver, into the Possession thereof.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall and may from Time to Time cause to be erected and set up such and so many Turnpikes or Toll Gates in, upon, across, or on the Side or Sides of any Part or Parts of the said Road, and across any Lane or Way leading into, from, or out of the fame, and also a Toll House to each Gate or Turnpike with suitable Outbuildings thereto, and also may for that Purpose inclose from the said Road or from the adjoining Grounds, not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to an House, or any inclosed Ground planted or set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or planted with ornamental Trees, sufficient Ground, not exceeding in the whole Two Perches, and may cause any such Turnpikes, Toll Gates, Toll Houses, or other Buildings, from Time to Time to be taken down, removed, or altered, as they or any Five or more of them shall judge proper.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls following shall and may be demanded and taken before any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage shall be permitted to pass through any such Turnpikes or Toll Gates respectively; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Ox, Bullock, or other Beast of Draught, drawing in arty Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence: For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or Idler Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Sixpence

Trustees may erect Toll Houses, &c.

and take Tolls.

Tolls.

528 49° GEORGII HI. Cap. 29.

pence per Score; and so in proportion for any greater or lesser Number:

For every Four-wheeled Carriage in any Manner fixed to any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage drawing, the Sum of One Shilling: For every Two-wheeled Carriage having any Person therein, or being laden in any Manner, fixed to any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage drawing, the Sum of One Shilling; and unladen or empty, the Sum of Sixpence:

Which said respective Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll; and if any Person or Persons subject to the Payment of any of the said Tolls shall after Demand thereof made, whether immediately on the fame becoming due or at any Time after, neglect or refuse to pay the fame or any Part thereof, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid to collect such Tolls by himself or themselves, or taking such Assistance as he or they shall think necessary, to seize and distrain any Coach, Chaise, or other such like Carriage or Hearse, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, and the Horses drawing the fame, and any Horse, Bead, or other Cattle not drawing, upon which any Toll is by this Act imposed respectively, together with their Saddles, Bridles, Gears, Harness, or Accoutrements, or any other of the Goods or Chattels of the Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing to pay such Tolls; and if such Tolls and the reasonable Charges of such Seizure and Distress shall not be paid within the Space of Four Days next after such Seizure and Distress made, the Person or Persons so seizing and distraining shall and may fell the Coach, Chaise, or other such like Carriage or Hearse, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, and the Horses, Beast, or other Cattle so seized and distrained, or any of them, or any Part of such Saddles, Bridles, Gears, Harness, or Accoutrements, returning the Overplus (if any) and what shall remain unfold upon Demand to the Owner thereof, after such Tolls and all reasonable Charges Tolls veihd have been deduded and paid; and that all the Tolls to be collected

in Trustees. or levied by virtue of this Act shall be and are hereby vested in the said Tru flees, and shall be applied and may be assigned in such Manner as herein-alter mentioned.

Tolls to be pa’d only once for pairing and re-paiiing-

XII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no Person or Persons shall be subject to the Payment of Toll more than once in any One Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night) for the Passage of the fame Carriage, Horse or Horses, Cattle or Beads, through all or any of the Turnpikes or 'foil Gates to be erected by virtue of this Act; such Person or Persons producing a Ticket, that the Toll has been paid the same Day at some Turnpike or Turnpikes upon some Part of the said Road, and which Ticket the Collectors are hereby required to deliver gratis on the Receipt of such Tolls.

For settling

XIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute shall arise re-Sng Tdh [Pcftbig the Tolls due or the Charges of keeping any Distress, it shall be etc. ’ lawful for the Collector or Person so distraining to retain such Distress, or the Money arising from the Sale thereof (as the Case may happen)* till the Amount of the Tolls due and the Charges of the Distress and Sale and of keeping the Distress (as the Case may happen) be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, who upon Application

made

529

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

made to him for that Purpose shall examine the Matter on the Oath of the Parties or other Witness or Witnesses, and shall determine the Amount of the Tolls due, and also assess the Charges of such Distress and Sale, and of the Collector’s Attendance for the Purposes aforesaid upon the said Justice, all which Sums so determined or assessed shall be paid to the said Collector before he shall be required to return the said Distress or the Overplus, after the Sale thereof or any Part thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the fame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under tile Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation, by reason of his, her, or their being so appointed to collect the said Toils, or acting under the Authority of the said Trustees.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all the Roads, Gates, and Toll Hoitfes, Bridges, Culverts, and other Buildings to be made, erected, or provided by virtue of this Act, and of the Stones and Materials for building or repairing the fame, and also of all Stones and Materials got or collected for repairing the said Road, shall be and are hereby velted in the said Trustees, and they or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions in the Marne of their Clerk or Clerks for the Time being, or to prefer or order the preferring of any Indictment or Indictments against any Person or Persons •who shall injure the fame or disturb them in foe Possession thereof.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or more of them may and they are hereby authorized and empowered, if they shall see Occasion, to make or cause to be made such Hedges, Ditches, Mounds, Walls, and Fences by the Sides of the said Road, or upon, over, oracrossany Waste Lands, Commons, or uncultivated Grounds, in such Manner and Direction as they shall find necessary, to prevent the said Tolls from being evaded; and if any Person or Persons shall pull down or in any Manner damage, displace, or carry away any such Fence or any Part thereof, or shall fill up or spoil any such Ditch, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ■with any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage, palsthrough any Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments lying near any Turnpike or Toll Gate which shall be erected by virtue of this Act (the fame not being a public Highway) or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Lands, Grounds, or Hereditaments, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons with any Horse, Cattle, Beall, or Carriage whatsoever to pass through the fame, or if any Person or Persons shall give to or receive from any Person or Persons, or forge or counterfeit any Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets by this Act directed to be given, whereby the Payment of any of the said Tolls or any Part thereof shall be evaded, or if any PersonorPerlons shall forcibly palsthrough any such Turnpike or Toll Gate with any Carriage, Waggon, Horse, Bead, or other Cattle, withou. Payment of the Toll due, or shall take off or cause to be taken off any Ilorfe, Beall, or other Cattle from any Carriage, or having passed through any Turnpike or Toll Gate to be erected by virtue of this Act, shall afterwards add or put an additional Horse or Bead to such

[Lac. & Per.J 6 S Carriage,

Toll Bar Keeper! coift. petent W it-netl'ci.

Toll Housei velted in Trustee*.

Trul'er) may make PencCa on Common* to prevent Tolls i-einff evaded.

Penalty on

permitting private Paf. sages or eva< ding rolta.

53o

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Carriage, with an Intent to evade the Payment of the said Tolls, or shall leave or cause to be left upon or near any Part of the said Road any Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or other Bead, with Intent to evade the Payment of any of the said Tolls or any Part thereof, or shall with such an Intent unload any Goods from or out of any Carriage, or in any other Manner whatsoever evade or attempt to evade the Payment of any of the T. oils hereby authorized to be taken, every Person lo offending shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Nine or more of them, from Time to Time assembled at any Meeting or Meetings to be held for that Purpose, with such Consent and upon such Notice as hereafter mentioned, to leifen or reduce all or any of the Tolls hereby granted, and for such Time or Times as they the said Trustees or any Nine or more of them shall think proper, and may afterwards from Time to Time advance all or any of the Tolls so lelfened to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the respective Tolls herein-before granted, and to order and direct such Toils so leifened or reduced or advanced, to be collected, received, taken, laid out and applied for the Purposes of this Act in such Manner as the said respective Tolls are hereinbefore directed to be collected, levied, and applied, but no such Reduction shall be made urdefs the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to Five Sixths Parts of the Money which shall be then owing upon the Credit of the Tolls intended to be reduced, shall be contenting thereto; nor shall any such Reduction be made unless'l'wenty Days Notice at lealtof the Meeting to be held for the Purpose of making such Reduction shall be given in Writing to be affixed upon all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall be then errCted by virtue ol this Act, and unless such Notice be inferred in some public New’fpnper circulating in the Parishes through which the said Road is intended to oafs. Twenty Days before such Meeting is holden.

Truitersrm-

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five or c.tinp^nH more of them may and they are hereby authorized and empowered from for the ToJi. Time to Time as they shall lee convenient, to compound and agree for any Term not exceeding One Year at any One Time with any Person or Persons for the Passage of any Dories, Cattle, Beads, or Carriages through any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates, and all such Cotnposition Money shall be paid One Year in advance, otherwise such Composition shall be void.

Tfuitets mry

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said lca.e m: i oh*. Trustees or any Five or more of them from Time to Time by Writing under their respective Hands, or under the Hand or Hands of their Clerk or Clerks, Mreasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, by their Order to be made for that Purpose, to let or lease the lolls arising by virtue cf this Act, or any Part or Parts of such Tolls, unto any Person or Persons for any lime not exceeding Three Years at one Time, upon public Bidding to the highest Bidder, for the bed Rent that can or may be got for the fame, payable at such Timei and under such Covenants, and unto such Person or Persons as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall direct or appoint; and the said Trustees are hereby required, before the said Tolls are let or leased, to give Fourteen Days Notice at the lead in Writing to be affixed on a!! the Turnpikes or Toll Gates which shall

Toll* may lie varied.

49° GEORGII III. Cup. 29,

53*

shall be then erected by virtue of this Act upon the said Road, and by inferring such Notice in some public Newspaper circulating in the Parishes through which the said Road shall pass, that they are desirous to let or lease the said Tolls, and the Monies arising thereby shall be applied in the same Manner as the Tolls so leased are hereby directed to be applied.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or Exemption taken for the Passage of any Horse, Cattle, Beast, or Carriage which from 1 uU shall be going unladen or empty for or that shall be used only in conveying, or that shall be returning unladen or empty after having been used only in conveying Stones, Bricks, Lime, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, or any Buildings, Bridges, or Culverts belonging to the said Road, or for repairing any public Road or Highway within any of the Townships, Hamlets, or Places wherein any Part of the said Road lies, or for Dung, Lime, Marl, Soil, Mould, Comport:, or other Manure of what Nature or Kind soever to be used in manuring and cultivating of Lands, or for Hay, Grass, Sainfoin, or other Fodder, Corn in the Straw, or Straw to be laid up in the Buildings or Premises of the Owners or Proprietors thereof (other than and except Hine or Manure, and Hay, Corn, or Straw fold or for Sale); nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken for or in respect of any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry, or for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Stable, Water, or Failure, or for any Cattle which shall be going to be or returning after having been (hoed or farried, or for any Horses or Carriages of whatsoever Description employed or to be employed in carrying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or returning back therefrom, or for the Horses of any Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, or for any Carriages attending them laden with their Arms or Baggage, or returning empty after having been so employed, or carrying any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or for any Waggon, Wain,

Cart or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or for any Horse,

Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or in returning from any Place of Exercise, Inspection, or Review, provided such Person i, in the Uniform of his Corps, and has his Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulation appointed for such Corps at the Time of claiming the Exemption, or for Horses or Carriages travelling with Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or for any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Chaise, Curricle, or Chair, or Horse used by any Person coing to 01 returning from any Eledionof a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County or City of Gloucester on the Day or Day - ol any lu,h Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; nor shall any Toll be demanded or taken of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate going to or returning from his own Parish Church or other Place of Divine Worship •on a Suriiwv, or on any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or going to visit or returning from visiting his

$3* 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

sick Parishioners, or from any Person or Persons refilling in any of the said Parishes, Townships, Hamlets or Places, for passing through any of the said Turnpikes or loll Gates to or from their respective Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship on Sundays, or on other Days on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or for any Cattle or Carriage conveying the Corpse, or going to or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried in any of the Parishes in which the said Road lies, or for any Cattle or Carriage going to or returning from any Corn Mill or Malt Kiln situate in any of the said Parishes, Townships, or Places, with or for any Com, Grain, Malt, Meal, or Flour to be ground, made, or smelted, or when so dene for the Owner’s own Use and Consumption and not for Sale; and if any Person or Persons shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid (not being legally entitled to the fame) every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Cominiffariat or other public Stores of or belonging to Pe- to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject Overweight to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, be flopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Korfes or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Ilorfes or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

No t<U for

XXIII. And be it«-forther enacted, That no Tolls shall be demanded cr •(imp the or taken at any Toll Gate or Turnpike to be erected by virtue of this Road only. on the Side or Sides of any Part of the said Road for any Horse,

Cattle, or Carriage which shall only cross the Road, and shall not pass above One hundred Yards thereon, unless such crossing shall be with Intent to evade the Payment of Toll at any of the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates.

TriiHcc may

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five hcnuwMo- or more of them, at any Meeting or Meetings to be holden for that Purpose, whereof Fourteen Days Notice in Writing shall be given by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes or Toll Gates then erected and set up by virtue of this Act, and inserted in feme public Newspaper circulating in the Parishes through which the said Road is intended to pass, may and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time by any Writing orinstrument under their Hands and Seals, to assign over or mortgage all or any of the Tolls to be collected and to arise by virtue of this Act; and also the Toil Houses, Turnpike Gates, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging (the Charge* ofassigning or mortgaging the same to be paid out of such Tolls) for any Term during the Continuance of this Act, as a Security, for any Sum or Sums of Money

8 to

Owners or Drivers of W iggons conveying Military Stores not

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 29. 533

to be borrowed by the said Trustees upon the Credit of such Tolls, to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, or his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, as shall advance or lend the lame, to secure the Repayment thereof, with such legal Interest as the said Trustees or any Five or mere of them shall think proper; which said Monty so to be borrowed shall be applied and disposed of in such Manner as the Tolls to arise or be collected at the said Turnpikes or Toll Gates are hereby directed to be applied and disposed of, and to no other Use and Purpose vhatsoever; and that such Mortgage or Mortgages, Assignment or Afligmuents, may be in the Form following, or such other Form as the Trustees making the same shall think proper, (that is to say);

‘ T> Y virtue and in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year Form of ‘ of the Reign of Uis Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here •Mort8*Se*

‘ insert the Title of this A cl] in Confederation of the Sum of

* to A.B. the Treasurer appointed by the Trustees for put-

‘ ting the said Act in Execution, this Day paid by C.D. of

‘ we whose Names are hereunto subscribed and Seal

‘ affixed, being Five of the said Trustees, do grant and assign unto the said ‘ C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, such Proportion of ‘ the Toils arising upon the Road in the said Act mentioned, and of the ‘ Turnpikes and Toll Houses erected for col left ing the fame Tolls as the ‘ said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum due

‘ and owing on the Credit of the fame Tolls, or charged thereupon for the Term of this Act, to have, hold, receive, and take such Proportion

* of the said Tolls, Turnpikes, TollHouses, and Premises, with the Ap-‘ purtenances, unto the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, and

* Assigns, for the Residue and Remainder now to come of the Term ‘ of Twenty-one Years for which the said 'lolls are granted by the said Act, subject to the Proviso following; (that is to say , Provided al-

* ways, that if the said Sum of shall be repaid to

‘ the said C.D. his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, together with ‘ Interest for the fame, after the Rate of

‘ per Centum per Annum, without any Deduction whatsoever, on or be-1 fore the Day of now next ensuing, then this Assign-

ment shall be void, or else shall remain in full force. In Witness where- of we have hereunto set our Hands and Seals this 4 Day of One thousand bight hundred

and

Of all which Mortgages or Alignments Copies shall be entered in a Book copies to be

pr Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or entered,

Treasurers to the said Trustees, and all and every Person and Persons to

whom any such Mortgage or Assignment shall be made as aforesaid,

or who shall be entitled to the Tame or the Money thereby secured, is

and are thereby empowered from Time to Time, by Assignment under his, her or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to be indorsed upon

the Back of his, her, or their Security, or by any other Writing or Wri-

tings under his, her, or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, before

one credible Witness, to assign over or transfer his, her, or their Right to

the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons

whomsoever, in the following Words, or Words to the like Effect; (that

is to say).

‘ ILoc. fc? Per.'] 6 T I Do

53*

For n of Trinj er.

Ho Ptiority of Mortgages.

Application of the Toll* and Money iorrowed.

Power 11 enter Lands and make the Hold.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. ith

‘ T Do hereby transfer and assign this Mortgage [or, a certain Mortgage,

* &c. as the Case viay be] with all my Right and Interest to the Princi-

‘ pal Money thereby secured, and all Interest now due on the fame, unto ‘ Executors, Administrators, and Assigns.

‘ In Witness whereof I have hereunto put my Hand and Seal the ‘ Day of in the Year of our

‘ Lord One thousand eight hundred and

All which Assignments and Transfers shall be produced and notified to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees within Sixty Days after the making thereof, who shall cause an Entry to be made of such Assignments or Transfers, containing the Dates, Names, and Additions of the Parties and Sums of Money therein mentioned to be assigned or transferred in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the said original Mortgages and Assignments, for each of which Entries the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, shall be paid the Sum of 'Pen Shillings and no more, and which said Book or Books shall and may at all seasonable Times be perused or inspected without any Fee or Reward; and after such Entry made and not before, such Assignment or Transfer shall entitle such Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to such Mortgage or Assignment, and to the Monies thereby secured and so assigned and transferred, and to the Benefit thereof and Payment thereon; and such Assignee or Assignees, and his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, shall and may in like Manner assign or transfer the fame again, and so toties quoties; and it shall not be in the Power of any Person or Persons who shall have made any such Assignment or Transfer to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or any Monies thereon due.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Preference shall be given to any Person or Persons who may advance any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Credit of the said Tolls in respect of the Priority of advancing any such Sum or Sums of Money, but that all Persons to whom such Mortgages or Assignments shall be made as aforesaid shall be in proportion to the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned Creditors on the said Tolls in equal Degree one with another.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That out of the First Money to arise by virtue of this Act the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall in the first place pay all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, or in anywise relating thereto, and the Remainder of such Monies shall from Time to Time be applied in erecting Turnpikes and Toll Houses, and making, repairing, widening, diverting, and amending the Road to be made under this Act, and in paying the Principal and Interest of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls hereby granted, and in defraying the necessary Expences attending the Execution of this Act, and to no other Ufc or Purpose whatsoever.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, and for their Surveyor or Surveyors and Workmen, with or without Carriages and Cattle, from Time to Time to enter upon the Lands and Grounds through which or whereupon the fat'd Road hereby authorized to be made is intended to pal's, and to flake out

and

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 29. 535

and make the fame of such Width, not exceeding Sixty Feet, and ift such Manner as the said Trustees or ■any Five or more of them shall think necessary or proper, without being deemed a Trespasser or TrespalTers, and without being subject or liable to any Fine, Penalty, or Punishment for entering or continuing upon any Part or Parts of such Lands or Grounds respectively, for any of the Purposes of this Act, making Satisfaction to the Occupiers of such Lands and Grounds for the Damage which shall be done to the Land or Ground on the Sides of the said Road whilst the same shall be making; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up, remove, or de-{troy any of the Stakes or other Marks used in laying out or making any such Road, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Surveyor or Surveyors to Surveyor to be appointed by virtue of this Act, and such other Person or Persons as gct Gravcl shall be employed by such Surveyor or Surveyors, or by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, is and are hereby empowered to cut, dig, gather, take, and carry away any Coping Stone, Wall Stone, or other Stone, and also any Furze, Heath, Gravel, Sand, or other Materials proper for the making and repairing of the said Road, and the Bridges, Culverts,

Walls and Fences in or upon the fame, in, upon, out of, or from any Waste Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, Rivers, or Brooks, in any Parish, Township, or Place in which any Part of the said Road lies, or in any neighbouring Parish, Township, or Place to be used in making and repairing the said Road, without paying any thing for the fame, and to cart and carry away the fame over the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons, making Satisfaction as herein-after mentioned, such Surveyor or Surveyors or other Person or Persons filling up the Pits and leveling the Ground from which such Materials shall be taken, or railing or fencing off such Pits, so that the fame may not be dangerous to Passengers or Cattle; and if such Quantities of CopingStone, Wall Stone, or other Stone, or Furze, Heath, Gravel, Sand or other Materials proper and sufficient for that Purpose cannot be had or found in or upon such Waste Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, Rivers, or Brooks contiguous to that Part of the said Road therewith to be made and repaired, then and in such Case the said Surveyor or Surveyors or other Person or Persons as aforesaid may by Order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, cut, dig, and make Pits, and get, gather, take and carry away any such Stone and Materials as aforesaid in, upon, or out of, from and over the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons, (not being a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk, or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or planted with ornamental Trees) paying or tendering Payment to the respective Owners or Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds sufficient Compensation for such Damages and Loss which may arise in consequence of the cutting, digging, gathering, taking and carrying away the said Coping Stone, Wall Stone, or other Stone, Furze, Heath, Gravel, Sand, and Materials, and for carrying the fame or the Materials gotten in any Waste Ground, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, Rivers, or Bfooks as aforesaid, over their Lands or Grounds as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think reasonable; and in case of any Difference between the said Trustees or any of them or ju(l!ce, to their Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Person or Persons by them appointed dcte.nsine or employed as aforesaid, and the said Owners or Occupiers, or any or kitterences. j cither

Notice to be given o Hemp ci s of n»ml v:ore Msteriaia are t vet) or I pairing Roads.

Surveyors m y make C; ate ways, Bridges, Sic,

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 29.

either of them, concerning the said Damages, the Ja dices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Lands or Grounds shall lie, at their General Quarter Sessions or the Peace to be held in and for the same County 01 Place next after such Difference Hull arise, and on Six clear Days Notice thereof to be giVen by the said Surveyor or Surveyors to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or to be left at his, her, or their respective Places of Abode, shall hear, settle, and determine the Matter of the said Damage, and the Co(l3 attending the hearing and determining of the fame, and the Judgement and Order of the said Justices therein mall be final and conclusive upon all Parties.

XXIX. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor or Surveyors or any other Person or Persons, under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, and carry away Stone or other Materials (or making or repairing the said Road* Bridges, Culverts, Walls, and Fences out of or from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, untilNotice in Writing shall have been given to the Occir ier of the Prermfes from which such Materials are intended robe taken, or left for such Occupier at his or her usual Place of Residence, to appear by himself or herfetf, or his or her Agent, before the said Trustees or any Five of more of them, at a Meeting to be called for that Purpose, or any Two or more Justices of the Peace aiding for the Division of the County in which such Lands are situate, to shew Cause why such Materials should not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier or his or her Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or such Justices, shall if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Person or Persons, to dig. gather, take, and carry away such Stone and Materials at such Time or Times as to such Trustees or any Five or more of them, or to such Justices, shall seem proper; and if such Occupier shall neglect or refule to appear by himself or herself, or his or her Agent, before the said Trustees or such Justices as aforesaid, then and in such Case the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or his or her Agent had attended.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, or such Person or Persons as he or they shall appoint (such Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose from the said Trustees or any Five or more of them), to make C.aufeways in and upon the said Road, and also to make any Ditches or Drains in, under, or upon the said Road, and in, upon, under and through any Grounds lying contiguous thereto, in order to conduct the Water from and off the said Road (not being the Ground whereon any House or Out-building (lands, or a Yard, Garden, Orchard, Park, Paddock, planted Walk or Avenue to a House, or any inclosed Ground planted and let apart as a Nursery for Trees, or planted with ornamental Trees), and also by Order of any Five or more of the said Trustees to build, erect, or repair, and keep in repair any Bridge or Bridges, Arch or Arches, upon any Part or Parts of the said Road, and acroL any Canal, Stream, River, Brook, Water, Ditch or Drain therein or contiguous thereto, making such Recompence to the Owners and Occupiers of the private Grounds reip-eftively for the Damages which they shall or may thereby sustain as shall be adjudged reasonable

JO by

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 29. 537

by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them; and in case of any Difference concerning such Damages, the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace next after such Difference shall have arisen, and such Notice as before directed having been given, shall near, settle and determine the Matter of the said Damages, and the Cods attending the hearing and determining of the lame, and the Judgement and Order of the said Justices therein shall be final and conclusive to all Parties: Provided always, that no Satisfaction shall be made for doing and performing any of the Works aforesaid upon or through any Wade Ground, Common, or uncultivated Land.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty on take or carry away any Stone or other Materials which shall have been dug, MateriiTgut gotten, or gathered for the Purpose of making, completing, altering, or by Surveyors-amending the said Road, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any

Pit or Quarry which shall have been made or opened for the Purpose of getting Materials for the said Road, before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Thirty Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any Private Ground wherein such Pit or Quarry mail have been so made or opened, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get Materials for his own private Use only and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Su--v*yersm*y Trustees or any Five or more of them, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, and notices.' such Person or Persons as they or he shall appoint, from Time to Time

(such (Surveyor or Surveyors having an Order for that Purpose from the said Trustees or any Five or more of them) to remove and prevent all Annoyances on any Part of the said Road by Timber, Stone, Carriages, Saw-pits, or other Pits, Buildings, Hovels, Filth, Dung, Allies, Rubbish Straw, or by any other Thing or Means whatsoever, and to turn any Wa tercourses, Sinks, or Drains running along, into, or out of the said Road to the Prejudice thereof, and to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or make deeper any Watercourses or Ditches adjoining thereto, and to make the same as deep and large as he or they shall think necessary, and to cut down, lop or top, at proper Seasons of the Year, any Trees, Shrubs or Bullies growing or to grow on the said Road or in the Hedges or Banks adjacent thereto re-lpeftively, such Watercourses, Sinks, Drains, Ditches, Trees, Shrubs, and Bullies not being or growing within any Garden, Orchard, Plantation,

Walk, or any inclosed Ground planted and set apart as a Nursery for Trees, or Avenue to a House planted with ornamental Trees, to take and carry au'ay the fame Trees, Shrubs, or Bullies, in case the Owners or Occupiers of the Premises shall for the Space of Ten Days next afterNotice in Writing shall have been given for that Purpose by such Surveyor or Surveyors, neglect to top, lop, cut down, or remove such Trees, Shrubs, or Bullies, or to open, scour, cleanse, widen, or deepen such Watercourses or Ditches, or remove such other Annoyances in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall require, the Charges whereof shall be settled by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, and shall bereimbursed to such Surveyor or Surveyors by such Owners or Occupiers, and be recovered and applied in such Manner as the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act are herein directed to.be [Lor. S33 Per.] 6 U recovered

53«

Penalty for

cbftrurting Collectors or Survey oi s.

Tiuflee. mav make and divert the Road*

Where Terfciu imci tRed neglect or rtfufe to treat.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

recovered and applied; and if after Removal of any of the said Annoyances any Person shall again offend in like Manner, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall a (fault, interrupt, or hinder, or cause to be assaulted, interrupted, or hindered, any Collector of the Tolls, or any Turnpike Survey or, or any other Person or Persons by them or any of them, or by the said lruflees or any Five or more of them employed in the Execution of this AG, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to make and repair the said new Turnpike Road in the Lines and Directions herein-before specified, and from Time to Time to widen, divert, shorten, vary, turn, and alter the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road, within the Dillance herein-after mentioned, and for that Purpose to take any Waste Grounds, Commons, or uncultivated Lands, without making Satisfaction for the fame, and also any private Grounds or Hereditament s, first making Satisfaction to I he Owners thereof and Persons interested therein for the Damages they may sustain thereby; and it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them to treat, contract, and agree with the Owners of and Persons interested in any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purchase thereof, or for the Lol's or Damage such Owners or Persons may sustain by the making, widening, diverting, turning, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts of the said Road through such Lairds and Hereditaments; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees or Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees, not only for and cn behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trusts, whether Femes Covert, Infants, or I fl ue unborn, Lunatics, Idiots, or other Person or Persons, and to and for all Femes Covert who are or shall be seised of or interested in their own Right, and to and for all and every Person and Persons who are or shall be possessed of and interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, to contrail with the said Trustees or any Five or more of them for the Satisfaction to be made for such Damages as aforesaid, or to sell and convey unto them or any Five or more of them, all or any of such Lands or Hereditaments or any Part thereof for the Purposes aforesaid; and all Contracts, Sales, and Conveyances which shall be lb made shall be valid to all Intents and Purposes, any Law, Statute, Usage, or Custom to the contrary in anywise notwithstanding;andall such Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Persons, shall be and are hereby indemnified for what they fha.Ii do by virtue or in purl’uance of this Act.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees, Committees, Executors, Administrators, or any other Person or Persons interested in any such Lands or Hereditaments, upon

Notice

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 29. 539

Notice to him, her, or them, given or left in Writing at the Dwelling-house or Dwelling-houses, Place or Places of Abode of such Person or Tu be Persons, or of the Principal Officer or Officers of any such Body Politic, <erl1"' h» Corporate or Collegiate, Corporation Aggregate or Sole, or at the House ■^uy’ c‘ of the Tenant in possession of the Lands and Hereditaments through which any Part of the said Road is intended to be made as aforesaid, or may be widened, diverted, turned, or altered, shall for the Space of Thirty Days next after such Notice shall have been given or left as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree in the Premises, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating, then and in every such Case the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall cause such Damage, Value, or Recompence to be enquired into and ascertained by a Jury of Twelve indifferent Men of the County of Gloucester, and in order thereto the said Trustees or any Five or more of them are hereby empowered and required from Time to Time as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before such Jury, and examine upon Oath all and every Person and Persons whom they shall think necessary and proper to be examined concerning the Premises (which Oath any One or more of the said Trustees is and are hereby empowered to administer) and such Trullec6 or any Five or more of them shall, by ordering a View or otherwise, use all lawful Ways and Means as well for their own as for the said Jury’s Information in the Premises, and after the said Jury shall have enquired of and assessed such Damage and Recompence, they the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall thereupon order, adjudge, and determine the Sum or Sums of Money so afieffed by the said Jury to be paid to the said Owners and other Persons interested in the said Lands and Hereditaments, according to the Verdict or Inquisition of such Jury, which said Verdict or Inquisition, and the Judgment, Order, and Determination thereon shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes upon all Persons and Parties, and upon all Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, claiming or to claim any Estate in Possession, Reversion, or otherwise; and for summoning and returning such Juries, the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, are hereby empowered toiffue their Warrant or Warrants to the Sheriff of the County of Glouccjier, commanding him to empannel, summon, and return an indifferent Jury of Twenty-four Persons qualified to serve upon Juries to appear before such Trustees or any Five or more of them, at such Time and Place as in such Warrant or Warrants shall be appointed, and such Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies is and are hereby required to empannel, summon, and return such Number of Persons accordingly, and out of the Persons so empanneled, summoned, and returned, or out of such of them-as shall appear upon such Summons, the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, shall and they are hereby empowered and required to swear or cause to be sworn Twelve Men, who shall be a Jury for the Purposes aforesaid, and in Default of asufficient Number of Jurymen the said Sheriff or his Deputy or Deputies shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service to the Number of Twelve, and all Persons concerned shall have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen when they come to be sworn; and the said Trustees or any Five or more of them acting in the Premises shall have Power from Time to Time to impose any reasonable Fine or Fines upon such Sheriff, his Deputy or Deputies, Bailiff or Bailiffs, Agen| or Agents making ^default in the Premises, and on any of the Persons who shall be summoned and returned on such Jury, and who shall not appear, or appearing shall refuse to be sworn on the said Jury, or being sworn shall re-

How thcEx-

j t ices of the Jury and Witnesses are to be borne.

Money a’W ed for Lands how 10 be charged and tendered.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

fuse to give or shall not give their Verdict, or in any other Manner wilfully neglect their Duty therein contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and on any of the Persons who being required to give Evidence before the said Jury shall refuse or neglect to appear or appearing shall refuse to be fwurn and examined, or to give Evidence, so that no One Eine be more Five Pounds on any One Person for One Offence.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Jury or Juries to be summoned and sworn pursuant to the Authority of this Act, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for more Money, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for the Right, interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by him, her, or them sustained, than what shall have been agi eed to and offered by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them before the summening and returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, interest, or Property, or for any Loss or Damage as aforesaid, then and in such Case the Coils and Expences of summoning and maintaining the Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference shall be borne and paid by the Treasurer to the said Trustees out of any Money which shall then be in his Hands, or out of any Monies to be received by virtue of this Act; but if any Jury or Juries so summoned and sworn as aforesaid, shall give in and deliver a Verdict or Assessment for no more or for less Money than shall have been agreed to and offered by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them before the iummoning or returning of the said Jury or Juries, as a Recompence and Satisfaction lor any such Right, interest, or Property in any such Lands or Hereditaments, or Losses or Damages as aforesaid, then the Costs and Expences of summoning and maintaining the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences as aforesaid, shall be boine and paid, by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees shall have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, not interested in the Matter in Question (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame), shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, asfo much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums foassessed and adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be ,not paid upon Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees by the Ways and Means herein-after provided for the Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures; Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall by reason of Absence have been prevented from treating, such Costs and Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in manner aforesaid.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That every Sum of Money or Recompence to be agreed for or assessed as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the Tolls by this Act granted or out of the Monies to be borrowed on the Credit thereof, either to the Purty or Parties respectively entitled thereto, or into the Bank of England, in manner, directed by this Act, and upon Payment thereof as aforesaid, and Five-Days Notice of such Payment having been lirft given to such Parties qx Persons or their Agents, or left at their respective usual Places of Abode, or

with

• p ±

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 29. S4-

with the Tenant or Tenants in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments, then such Lands or Hereditaments shall be laid into and made Part of the said Road, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall direct, and shall be by them or by such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall appoint, sufficiently drained, ditched, fenced, and set out for that Purpose, and shall to all Intents and Purposes be come and be deemed and taken to be a common Highway, and be from thenceforth Part of the said Road for ever thereafter, and shall be repaired and kept in repair in such Manner and by the fame Ways and Means as the Road hereby authorized to be made and repaired, is hereby directed to be made and repaired, and from thenceforth all Parties and Persons shall be diverted of all Right and Title to such Lands and Hereditaments; and in case the Course of any Part or Parts of the said Road, after such new Road shall be completed, shall be turned or altered, the Lands constituting such former Road or Roads or any Part thereof, unless leading over fame Moor, Common, uncultivated Land or Wade Ground, or to feme Village, Town, or Place to which such new Road doth not lead,

shall be verted in, and shall and may be fold and conveyed by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, in the Manner herein-after mentioned, for the best Price that can be gotten for the fame, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act; and all Conveyances being executed by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, and enrolled in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the Power Trustees not and Authority by this Act given to the said Trustees shall not extend to House', enable the said Trustees to take, ul'e, injure, or damage any Dwelling-house without Con-or other Building, or to take any Garden, Orchard, Yard, Park, planted owner*.

Walk or Avenue to a House, or Plantation or Nursery of Trees, for any

of the Purposes of this Act, without the Consent in Writing of the Owners or Proprietors thereof and other Persons interested therein, first had and obtained, except a certain Barn and Cottage Yard belonging to and occupied by Joseph Burrows, a Cottage Yard belonging to Anthony Ellis Esquire, in the Occupation of John Phelps, another Cottage Yard belonging to the said Anthony Ellis, in the Occupation of Mary Reamcs, an Orchard belonging to the said Anthony Ellis, in the Occupation of William Topic cl!, another Orchard belonging to Richard Lane, in the Occupation of Thomrts Kedwards, another Orchard belonging to the said Anthony ' Ellis,'fa tlife Occupation of the said William Togwell, another Orchard belonging Waft^ in the Occupation of Mr. William Newman, another Orchard belonging to and in the Occupation of William Hopkins, and thef• (-Miferd belonging to and in the Occupation of Richard-Lime, artothW OfdharG -*r‘i belonging to and in the Occupation of Benjamin Lane, ‘Hriothdr *

Orchard belonging to Mrs. Lovett, in the Occupation of'"],’ /Viir

William Ballenger, and a certain Plantation or Nursery of 'T’Ye'ef -■' r

commonly called Benhill Wood, belonging to Thomkl PnclW' Evft " -1 * *° V-'

Esquire. ri; b d ) 9ttl ui uu.niu

■ i': J.'ali hit*' *<!l ol

XXXIX. And whereas by means of the Purs hase* which rfte"fcitl:TArl'- Trustees cm-tees are empowered and required to make by' vtntufc orf thisl'Act, 15

diverting of forae Part or Parts of thp fiid ddoa^k they infcy Happen to Id not 'tamed for seized of more Land or Ground than will be necessary for effecting the At/'*

[ Lee. is? P/r.j 6 X Purposes

54® 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Purposes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees or any Five or more of them to sell and dispose of any Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground, or Piece or Pieces

of old Road or Roads, either together or in Parcels, as they shall find

moll convenient and advantageous to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

Parfom

XL. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees

adjoin tifhave or any Five or more of them, before they shall sell and dispose of any

the Prese* Piece or Pieces of old Road or Roads, shall first offer the same to the

rence. Person or Persons whose Lands shall adjoin thereto, and that the said

Trustees before they shall sell or dispose of the said Piece or Pieces of Ground, shall first offer to resell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Piece or Pieces of Ground, and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall refuse to purchase or repurchase the fame respectively, an Affidavit to be made and sworn before a Mailer Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, by some Person or Persons not interested in the said Piece or Pieces of old Road or Roads or Ground, dating that such Ofter was made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, and that such Offer was not then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was so offered, shall in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom such Offer was made (as the Case may be); and in case such Person or Persons shall be desirous of purchasing or repurchafing the fame, and he, she, or they and the said Trustees or any Five or more of

them shall differ or not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in manner herein-before directed with respect to disputed Value of Premises to be purchased by the said Trustees or any Five or more 6f them in pursuance of this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed with respect to such Purchase made by the said Trustees, mutatis mutandis; and the Money to arise by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, of such Piece or Parcel of old Road or Roads or Grounds as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Misapplication or Non-application of such Money.

rtdtraijiin-gtfce

XLI. And whereas a Map or Plan describing the Line of the said new deviating^be TurnP*ke Road. and ,he Lands through which the fame is to be carried, jond a cert in together with a Book of Reference containing a List of the Names of the*i."ne del-1" ^whers and Occupiers of such Lands, has been deposited at the Office cribed in the of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester; be it there-Mapox ilao. foje enacted, That the said Map or Phn, and Book of Reference, shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of r GUruccJltr, to the End that all Persons may at all feafoiujjle Time? have

Liberty to peruse and inspect the fame, and to take Copies or Extra tig the reof at thur Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of One Shilling; for every such inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence * "w . . - ) ... for

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 29. 54&

for every One hundred Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Map or Plan, and Book of Reference; and that the said Trustees in making the said new Turnpike Road, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards, of Three Feet each, from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons, Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, through or over whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

XLII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may Tru(t<-ts may be lawful for the said Trustees to make the said new Turnpike Road make the Into, through, across, or over the several Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons who is, are, or may be Owner or Owners of Lands over though the which the fame is set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen Qf Reiereoce. to be omitted in the said Book of Reference, in case it shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Gloucester, and be certified by Writing under their Hands that such Error or Omission proceeded from Mistake.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in xiutteesnot this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend, to prevent, restrained^ hinder, or restrain the said Trustees from widening, diverting, turning, the'itoad bf. shortening, varying, or altering the Course or Path of any Part or Parts yor.d ico of the said Road beyond the Distance of One hundred Yards through 'tron. the Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons whomsoaver, in case rent, such Person or Persons shall be consenting thereto, and shall signify his, her, or their Consent in Writing to such Diversion or Alteration being made.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ofcompen-purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the ^"amount. Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, ing tu tool. Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account eK forte the Trustees for executing this Act, pursuanc to the Method.,prescribed,by the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the First, Chapter Thirtry-second, and the General Orders of the said Court, without Fee or Reward, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the DiWdion ■*’.< and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person ' ' •. or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the ’ .1 ‘ ‘

said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debtor Debts, or such cither In*

cumbranceS} or- Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to, be paid affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, pr Hereditaments, or afftftikg any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith

to the fame or the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, or Purposesor where fudh Money shall not be so applied, then the fame, shall be laid kmrand diverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in

9 the

544

TVJia> lef* tlaau iCtl.

When lets than >ol-

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 29;

the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall he conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making the Conveyance and Settlement shall be ending, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said C« nfolkiated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, with the Privity and in the Name of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Trustees for executing this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing-under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties);' in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner lurein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XLVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, ThSt when such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as last before mentione), shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame (Ml be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Titiie btin*' have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands'-’Tenements., 6r Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used ftk the Pufp&fcs of (his* Act, in such Manner as the said l'ruitees or any' Five%.Wte;*rff them flu! 1 think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy then to Hsf 'm'r/br (htiir Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and' for' the Die- and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

49e GEORGII HI. Cap. 20. 545

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons j" ^V/ut to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of xitieV any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or in case such Person or Persons to whom stich Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of ■the said Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit ■of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments subject to the \describing them\, subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the tourtof1'1 said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any ciuncery, on Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any 1^'° j', or Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or F.dates. Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose (Jfe the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XLVTIL Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Respectin* Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the said Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act," for the Purchase of any l.ands or Hereditaments, or of any Estate,

Right, or Interest in any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

[Lie. V Per,] 6T XLIX. Provided

54^ 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

ch'iier 'ma

XLIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason direci of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation

rayment of entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in ptirfuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Coils and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trullees or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Pur poles as the said Court shall direct.

rcrfoni liaVe L. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons Ro"dr"cte "ho "Dy Law are obliged to uo Statute Work on any of the Highways in to continue the several Parishes, Town flips, Hamlets, or Places through which the 1o- said intended new Turnpike Road shall pair, shall be liable to perform

their respective Works thereon in such and the like Manner in every rtf-pest as they are liable to perform the fame on any other common Highway within such Parish, Township, Hamlet, District, or Place re-ipeftively.

Parish Sur-

LI. And be it further enacted, That the respective Surveyors of the hvtVTn Lifts' Highways for the several Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Placet in which •of statute any Part of the said new Turnpike Road shall lie, shall Twice in every Aioik. Year, within Four Days after Demand shall have been made from them respectively, in Writing by any Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed by virtue of this Act, deliver to such Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors an exact Account or List in Writing under their Hands of the Christian and Surname of every Person who within their jcspective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, and Places is liable to do Statute Work, and shall distinguish in such Account or Lift what Statute Work each of the said Persons is liable to do and perform; and the Statute Work shall be done by a I such Persons on such Parts of the said Road hereby authorized to be made and repaired, as are within the said respective Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, and Places, in such Manner and at such Times as any Two Juflicks of the Peace for the District or Division of tire laid County in which the respective Parts of the said Road may be firuate, upon Application being made to them by the said Trustees or any Two or more of them, or by their Clerk or Clerks, or Surveyor or Surveyors, shall direct; and the said Surveyors of the Highways for such Parishes, Townftrips, and Places respectively, within Ten Days after Notice shall have been given to him or them by such Clerk or Clerks, or Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, of the Time or Times when and how many of such Persons are to do such Work upon any Part or Parts of the said new Turnpike Road, shall give Notice thereof to the Persons directed to perform the fame, and if any Surveyor for any such Pari 111, Township, Hamlet of Place, shall neglect or refuse to deliver in such Account or Lift to such Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, or shall be guilty of any Fraud therein, or shall refuse or neglect to summon such Persons to do their Statute Work as •aibr«said, every such Parish Surveyor shall for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 29. 547

LI!. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who Hull neglect or refuse to do such Work as aforesaid after Notice in

ing Statute

Writing {lull have been given to or left for him, her, or them at his, Worts, her, or their lad or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by the Surveyor or Surveyors to the Laid Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or then Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers,

Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Iiorl'e or Horses, Bead or Beads to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Penalties and Forfeitures as Persons neglecting or refusing to do Statute Work On any public Highway are or may be by any Law or Statute subjected; and every Person who shall according to such Notice as aforesaid come as a Labourer, or with any Team, Draught, or Plough, to work on the said new Turnpike Road, and shall be found negligent or idle by the said Turnpike Surveyor or Surveyors, where the Work is to be done, such Surveyor or Surveyors may and is and are hereby required todischarge such Person or Persons, and it shall be considered as if such Person or Persons, or such Team, Draught, or Plough had not come or been sent to work; and every such Labourer or Person, or tire Owner of such Team, Draught, or Plough, shall be liable to the respective Forfeitures before mentioned; and all Persons duly performing such Day’s Work on the said new Turnpike Road shall not be liable to do any other Statute Work thereon.

LIII. And, for preventing Differences between the said Trustbes and Jal'!ccs.to the Surveyors of the Highways for the Time being of the several Parishes, statute Work. TotVnships, Hamlets, or Places through which the said new Turnpike Road hereby directed to be made or repaired shall lead, touching what Part or the Statute Work in any such Parish, Townfltip, Hamlet, or Place ought to be done on the said new Turnpike Road; be it further enacted.

That it shall be lawful for any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace at any Special Session to be holden for the Division or Hundred, Divisions or Hundreds wherein such Part or Parts of the said new Turnpike Road fir,til lie, upon Application made to them for that Purpose by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, to adjudge and determine what Part and Proportion of the Statute Work shall be done on the said new Turnpike Road, by and in each and every of the Parishes, Townships,

Hamlets, or Places aforesaid.

LIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall be law- TniR-ees m.iy ful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to compound and forst«u"e agree by the Year or otherv.ife with the Possessors, Occupiers, Grantees, Work. Feoffees, and Committees of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which are or shall be liable to, or chargeable with, the Repair of any Part of the said new Turnpike Road, or of any Bridge, Arch, or Sewer, or with any Person or Persons for the Performance of his, her, or their Statute Work thereon; and also that it shall fce lawful for the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of any of the said Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places, by and with the Consent and Approbation of a Majority of the Inhabitants of such Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or Places first obtained at any Vestry or ether public Meeting of such Inhabitants, to compound and agree by the Year or otherwise with the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, for and in lieu of the Statute Work to be performed by such Inhabitants upon any Part or Parts of the said new Turnpike 8 Road

54$

Trustees may contract for Repair*

Contrails to

■be binding.

Perf ms who may be Prosecutors* and Reruns p o-fec.ited. on account of Trustees, in-de«nn tied.

M'VS'ores to I C set up, etc.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Road; all which Composition Money shall be from Time to Time paid in advance, and shall be applied in the Repair of the said new Turnpike Road; and all such Surveyors shall be reimbursed the Money lo by them paid in faeh Manner as Surveyors of the Highways are by Law to be reimbursed the Monies by them expended in buying Materials for repairing the Highways.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees or any Five of more of them, or inch Person or Persons as they shall for that Purpose authorize or appoint, are hereby empowered to contract with any Person or Persons for making, altering, turning, widening, or repairing the said new Turnpike Road, or any Part thereof, and for erecting Mile and Direction Stones or other Posts thereon, or for doing any other Work to be performed in the Execution of this Act in such Manner and for such Sum or Sums of Money as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think proper; and that all Contracts and Agreements in Writing entered into pursuance to any Order of the said Trusteee, or any Five or more of them, by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officer, with any Workmen or other Person or Persons, relating to any Matter or Thing to he done by virtue of this Act, shall be binding upon all such Parties and Persons as shall sign the fame, his, her, and their Executors and Administrators; and that Actions and Suits shall and may be maintained thereon by the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, or by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, and in his or their Name or Names respectively, and Damages and Costs recovered against the Party or Person, Parties or Persons failing in the Performance of such Contracts or Agreements reflectively; and such Sum of Money as shall and may be nequisite for making or repairing the said new Turnpike Road, or any other Matter or Thing to be done by virtue of this Act, and which by such Contrafts or Agreements respectively the Parties ought to have done, shall be the Mca-sure of the Damages to be recovered in any Action or Suit against any such Party or Person, Parties or Persons, so as aforesaid making Default in fulfilling his, her, or their Contract or Agreement, any Law or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

'L

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Action or Prosecution shall be commenced or prosecuted in pursuance of this Act under the Authority or by the Direction of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, in every such Case the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall, out of the Monies arising by virtue of this Act, allow and pay to the Prosecutor or such Person or Persons in whose Name or Names such Action or Prosecution shall be commenced and prosecuted, all such reasonable Costs and Charges as such Person or Persons shall be really and bond fide out of Pocket for or by reai'on of such Action or Prosecution, or any Judgment or Determination therein; and likewise indemnify all such Persons ft shall be ■prosecuted or have any Action or Actions brought against them for or by reason of any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, under the Authority and by the Direction of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall cause the said new Turnpike Road to be mea*

sured

549

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. zsg.

sured, and Stones or Ports to be set up in or near the Sides of such Road, at the Distance of One Mile from each other, denoting'the Distance of every such Stone or Port from any Town or Place, and also such and so many Direction Ports as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem meet; and if any Person shall wilfully pull up or damage any of such Stones or Ports, or shall obliterate or deface any of the Letters, Figures, or Marks which shall be inscribed thereon; or if any Person shall ride upon any causeway or Footway adjoining to such Road, or shall drive any Horse or other Cattle, of any Swine, or any Cart or other Carriage thereon, or shall cause any Damage to be done to such causeway or Footway; or if any Person shall hale or draw, or cause to be haled or drawn upon any Part of such Road any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall suffer any Part of any Tree or Piece of Timber, or Stone, which shall be carried upon Wheel Carriages, to drag upon any Part of such Road to the Prejudice thereof; or if any Person driving any Pigs or Swine upon such Road, shall suffer them to root up and damage the fame, or any Part thereof, or the Fences, fledges, or Backings on either Side thereof j or if any Person driving any Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage upon such Road, and meeting another Coach, Chaise, Waggon,

Cart, or other Carriage, shall not keep his Carriage on the left or near Side of such Road, or if any Person shall in any Manner wilfully prevent any other Person or Persons from parting him upon such Road, or the Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage under his Care; or if any Person shall make or aflilt in making any Fire or Fires commonly called Bonfires, or shall set fire to, or let off or throw any Squib, Rocket,

Serpent, or other Firework on any Part or Parts of such Road; or if any Person shall leave any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, in, upon, or on the Side of any Part of such Road, longer than may be necessary for loading or unloading the fame, either with or without any Horse or Beuft of Draught harnefled or yoked thereto, or shall lay any Piece of Timber, or any Stones, Hay, Straw, Dung, Manure, Soil, Rubbirti, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, on any Part of such Road or on the Side or Sides thereof, to the Prejudice thereof, or to the Prejudice or Annoyance of Persons travelling thereon; every Person fooftending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties, Forfeitures, and Penalties, Fines by this Act infiifted or authorized to be imposed, if the Manner of " nt°bc le~ levying and recovering thereof is not herein otherwise dfrested, shall upon plied.' ° "P" Proof of the Offences respectively before any one Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall have been committed, or any one Justice of the Peace for the County or Place wherein the Offender shall reside, either by the Confession of the Party or Parties offending, or by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Reward), be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal of such Justice (which Warrant or Warrants such Justice is hereby empowered to grant for those Purposes); and the Overplus, after such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, and the Charges of such Dirtrefs and Sale shall have been paid and deducted, shall be returned upon Demand unto the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Fines, when paid or recovered, shall, if not otherwise directed by this Act, from Time to Time be paid, Half to the ILoc. £9* Psr.~\ 6 Z—7 A Informer,

55°

Form of Conviction.

Proceedinga not to be quashed for want of Form, ike.

Di Pi refs not to to be deemed unlawful for want of Form.

Limitation of Actions.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Informer, and Half to any Five or more of the said Trustees, or to their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, and be applied in the Repair of the said new Turnpike Road; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties or Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it shall be lawful for any one Justice of the Peace within his JurisdiClon as aforesaid, and he is hereby authorized and required, by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Place wherein the Offence shall have been committed, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties, Forfeitures, and F'ines, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LIX. And, for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it further enacted, That all and every Justice or Juf* tices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Convidipn to be drawn up in the following Form of Words, or in any other Form of Words to the fame Effect, as the Case shall happen; (videlicet),

* BE it remembered, That on the Day of in the Year of

‘ our Lord A.B. is convicted before me [or, us] of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County' of Gloucester, [or, where ‘ the Conviction may be made~\ specifying the Offence, and the Time and Place. ‘ when and where the fame was committed, as the Case shall be\ Given ‘ under my Hand and Seal [or, our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year ‘ first above written.’

LX. And be it further enacted, That no Proceedings of the said Trustees, or of any Justice or Justices of the Peace, or any of them respectively, touching or concerning, or in the execution of any Power or Authority veiled in such Trustees or Justice or Justices respectively by this Act, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form, or be removed by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or any other Court of Record; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when any Dif. tress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money, by virtue of this Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawiul, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, Warrant of Distress, or other Proceedings relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties distrainingbe deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXIL. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, until Fourteen Days Notice thereof in Writing shall have been given to the Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers to the said Trustees, or after sufficient Satisfaction or a Tender thereof shall have been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, or after the Expiration of Three Calendar Months next after the Fad committed; and every such Action shall be laid in the County of Gloucester and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in every such Action or Suit shall and may

plead.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

plead, at his, her, or their Election, specially or the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if such Action or Suit shall be brought before Fourteen Days Notice shall have been thereof given as aforesaid, or after a sufficient Satisfaction made or tendered as aforesaid, or after the Time limited for bringing the same as aforesaid, or shall be brought elsewhere than in the said County of Gloucester, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be non-suited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in other Cafes by Law.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That all Orders and Proceedings of Orders and the said Truifees, or any Five or more of them, shall be made and entered °Trustre«* in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by a compe- to be entered tent Number of the Trustees, or by their Clerk or Clerks; which said Book m a Boc't' or Books, and all other Book and Books directed to be kept for regiller-ing the said Mortgages, Assignments, and Transfers as aforesaid, shall and may be produced and read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever.

LXIV. And whereas Offences may be committed against this Act by Persons unknown to the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers appointed to carry this Act into Execution; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall be lawful for any one or more of the said Trustees, or their Clerk or Clerks, or the Collectors, Surveyors, or other Officers respectively, and such other Person or Persons as he or they shall call to his or their Assist-ance, without any other Warrant or other Authority than this Act, to seize and detain any such unknown Person or Persons, who shall commit any such Offence or Offences, and take him, her, or them, before any Justice of the Peace for the County of Gloucester; and such Justice is hereby empowered and directed to proceed immediately to the hearing and determining of the Complaint, or to oblige such Person or Persons, so offending, to give Security for his, her, or their Appearance at the next Petty Session to be holden within and for the said County, to answer the said Complaint; and the Justices present at such Petty Session, or any Two or more of them, are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint in a summary way, and upon Conviction of the Offender or Offenders, either by the Justice before whom he,

(he, or they shall be first taken, or by the Justices at such Session as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices respectively to commit him, her, or them to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the same County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Twenty-one Days, unless he, she, or they shall sooner pay the respective Penalties by him, her, or them incurred, for such Offence or Offences, together with the Costs and Charges attending his, her, or their Conviction and Commitment.

LXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person Person? »g. shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done in pursuance of "tL

this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already ^uarter°sci-prescribed, such Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at any Ge- ,ion5-neral Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said County of

For securing

transient

Offender*.

55 2

Forcompel-ing Subscribers to pay their Subscriptions.

[Public Act.]

Commencement and Continuance of this Act.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 29.

Gloucester, within Six Calendar Months next afier the C.ause of such Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant firit giving or causing to be given Twenty-one Days Notice at the lealt in Writing of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Clerk or Clerks, 'i'reasurer or Treasurers to the said trustees, and within Four Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with Two sufficient Sureties, conditioned to try such Appeal and abide the Order of, and to pay such Costs as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Quarter Sessions; and the said Justices at such Session, upon due Proof of such Notice having been given as aforesaid, and of such Recognizance having been entered into, shall hear and finally determine the C.aule and Matter of such Appeal in a summary way, and award such Colts to the Parties appealing or appealed again!! as they the said Justices shall think, proper; and the Determination of such Quarter Sessions shall be final, binding, and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes; and the said Justices at such Session may also by their Order or Warrant levy such Cods so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons who shall refuse to obey the fame, and for want of sufficient Distress commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of or for the same County wherein such Quarter Sessions shall be held, as the Case may be, for any 'lime not exceeding Three Calender Months, or until Payment of such Costs.

I,

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the several and respective Persons who have subscribed Money for or towards the making of the said new Turnpike Road, shall and they are hereby required to pay the Sum or Sums of Money so subscribed within or at such Time or Times, and in such Parts and Proportions as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall from Time to Time order and direct, and the same shall be paid to such Person or Persons as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall by any Writing under their Hands authorize to receive the same; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame, or any Part thereof as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to sue for and recover the fame in the Name of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or in the Name of their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe, or by Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by ail Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon and have Continuance from the Day on which the same shall receive the Royal Assent, and shall continue, in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 30.

An Act for maintaining and repairing the Road leading from the City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the River of Kelvin called The Miln-ford of Garfcube.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act, made In the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the City of ,6G. 2.0,5a. Glasgow > and by another Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act *7g.z. c. *;» to explain, amend, and render more effectual, an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, *An Act for repairing several ‘ Roads leading into the City of Glasgow; ’ and by an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act 14G. 3.0101. to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, mads in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty fiventh Years of the lieign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as the fame, relate to the Road leading from the said City of Glasgow through Cowcaddens to that Part of the Water of Kelvin called The Miln-ford of Garfcube; and by another Act passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of Hit: [Lor. Its Per.] 7 i? late

33 G. 3-C.I7+.

-58 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, ‘ /ft? _/»r repairing ‘ several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow; ’ tf/rr/ 0/ another All passed in the Twentysevenih Year of the Reign of bits said late Majesty, t» explain, amend, arid render more effectual the said Act; and of another All passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of tlis present Majesty, for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Able made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgo w, so far as the fame relate to the Read leading from the City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the Water of Kelvin raised The Milnford ot Garfcube; certain Trustees were appointed for surveying, ordering, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the Water of Kelvin called The Mi'nford of Garfcube, and sundry Powers were thereby granted to the said Trustees for borrowing Money, levying Tolls, and other Purposes in the said Acts mentioned: And whereas the said Ford does not now exist as a Part of the said Road, but a Stone Bridge has been built over the River Kelvin at that Parr, and which Bridge was widened and repaired under the said Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And whereas a considerable Sum of Money has been borrowed, in purl’uance of the Powers granted by the said Acts, upon the Credit of the Tolls levied on the said Road from Glasgow to the Milnford of Garfcube, which is still due, and considerable Debts have also been contracted, in making, repairing, and widening the said Road; but the fame cannot be maintained and kept in repair, nor can the said Debts be discharged, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Acts be prolonged and continued, and further and other Powers be granted for that Purpose; and it is further expedient that the said several Acts with such further Powers should be reduced and consolidated into one Act in so far as they relate to the said Road; May it therefore please Your Majesty That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Former Acts Authority of the same, That, from and after the passing of this Act, the said recited Acts shall be and the same are hereby repealed, in so far as they relate to the said Road leading from the said City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to that Part of the Water of Kelvin, formerly called The Milnford of Garfcube; and instead thereof this Act shall commence and be putin Execution, for and during the Term hereinafter-mentioned; and that this Act, and the Tolls which are hereby authorized to be levied, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the said Road, and of all Sums of Money which shall or may hereafter be borrowed on the Credit thereof, and of Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person being in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoy, ment as Proprietor of the Dominium utile of Lands situatedin any one or more of the following Parishes, videlicet, the Barcny Parish of Glasgow, in the County of Lanark, the Parish of Old Kilpatrick, in the County of Dumbarton, and the Parish of New Kilpatrick, in the Counties of Dumbarton and Stirling, valued in the Celt Books of the said respective Counties 10 at

Nom*ral:on and QuiJifi*'*-tioi ot Trwf* tea.

559

49° GEORGII III. Cap. I o.

at One hundred Pounds Scots, or upwards, of valued Rent, and all and every the eldest Sons of such Persons, being the Heirs Apparent of such Property; and also the Sheriff Depute of the Shire of Lanark, and also the Provost, Dean of Guild, and Deacon Convener, of the City of GI iff go w for the Time being; the Baron Baillie or the Factor for the Time being of His Grace the Duke of Montrose; and the Baron Baillie or Factor for the Time being upon the Estate of Duntreath, in the Absence of their respective Conftuants, and one of the Guardians or Trustees of Minors, such Minors having Property situated as aforesaid, to the Extent of Two hundred Pounds Scots, or upwards, of valued Rent, shall be and are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees, for surveying, making, amending, widening, maintaining, repairing, and keeping in Repair, and for causing to be made, amended, widened, maintained, repaired, and kept in Repair, the aforesaid Road leading from the said City of Glasgow, through Cowcaddens, to the North End of the Bridge at the Place formerly called The Milnfordof Garfcube, and for executing all the Powers given and granted by this present Act.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person, other than such Proprietors, or their eldest Sons being their Heirs Apparent as aforesaid, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands or Heritages of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pound Sterling per Annum, or be possessed of and entitled to a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, of the Value of Five hundred Pounds Sterling, nor shall any such last mentioned Person, be capable of acting in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following, before any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same; that is to say,

‘ T do swear, That I truly and bond fide am

‘ 1 in my own Right, (or in the Right of my Wife, as the Case may be,) ‘ in the actual Possession or Enjoyment of Lands or Heritages, of the elear * yearly Value of One hundred Pounds Sterling, or possessed of or entitled ‘ to a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, ? of the Amount or Value of Five hundred Pounds Sterling.

'So help me GOD.'

IV. And be it enacted, That if any Person not qualified as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Trustee under this Act, he shall, for every such acting, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, to be applied to the Reparation of the said Road; and in all Cafes the Proof of Qualification shall lie on the Defendant.

V. And be it enacted, That for the Purpose of carrying this Act into Execution, the said Trustees or any Three or more of them shall meet at Glasgow, on the Third Wednesday after the passing of this Act, or as soon thereafter as conveniently may be; and may from Time to Time adjourn to meet at such Time and Place as the said Trustees, at the last Meeting assembled, shall think proper, without Prejudice to their meet.

ing

Quilification of |particular Trustees.

Penalty on acting if not qualified.

First Meeting and tubfe* quest Meetings.

560

Victuallers nof to hold Places of Profit.

Power and Quorum of Tiulleti.

To appoint Officer!.

Officers to

ZLCOLIUt.

Treasurer to give Stou-lity.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

rng at other Times, at Glasgow or elsewhere, within any of the said Three Parishes, upon Notice from the Clerk of the said Trustees advertised Once at lealt in One of the Newspapers published at Glasgow, Ten Days at Least before the lime fixed for such Meeting; and in case at any Time appointed for a Meeting of the Trustees, Three in Number shall not assemble, the Trustees actually assembled shall have Power to adjourn, though not to do any other Business relative to the Trust; and the said Trustees shall, at all their Meetings, defray their own Charges.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of acting as a Trustee, or of holding any Place of Profit under this Air, who shall fell Wine, Ale, Beer, or Spirituous Liquors by Retail, in any Public House, Inn, or Tavern.

VII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, at any of their Meetings held as aforesaid, shall have Power to issue their Orders for surveying, making, and repairing the said Road, and otherwise to proceed and act in the Execution of the Trull hereby committed to them.

VIII. And be it further enacted, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees at any such General Meeting to chuse and appoint a fit Person or Persons to be Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, to the said Trustees; and all'o One or more fit Person or Persons, to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Road,or such other Officers, as they shall think proper; and from Time to Time to remove such Officers, or any of them, as they shall see Occasion, and appoint new ones, in case of Death, Resignation, or Removal; and all Persons who are or shall be liable to pay the Tolls or Duties granted by this Act, are hereby required to pay the same to the said Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, so from Time to Time to be appointed as aforesaid, who shall pay and apply the fame in such Manner as the said Trustees shall direct or appoint; and all Persons receiving the said Tolls and Duties, or any Money on account of or by the Authority of the said Trustees, shall at such Times and in such Manner as the said Trustees shall diredk, give an Account, in Writing under their respective Hands, with their respective Vouchers, of all Monies which he or they, or any of them, have received, paid, and disbursed, by reason of their respective Offices, and verify the fame upon Oath if required, under a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling for each Offence over and above Payment and Performance; and the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, out of the Money vested in them by this Act, to make such Allowances to the several Officers so by them appointed, for and in Consideration of their Care and Pains taken in the Execution of their respective Offices, as the said Trustees at a General Meeting assembled, iha.il think fit.

IX. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required, to take such Security from the Clerk or Clerks, Collector or Collectors, Treasurer or Treasurers to be appointed by virtue of this. Act, for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices, as to the said Trustees shall appear jull and reasonable.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 30. 56t

X. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons appointed or to ac_

be appointed aTrustee or Trustees for putting this Act into Execution, <ep, places of shall have or accept of any Place of Profit, arising out of or by reason Profit.

of any Tolls or Duties by this Act laid or granted, such Person or Persons shall be incapable of acting as a Trustee or Trustees from the Time of accepting and during the Enjoyment of such blace of Profit as aforesaid.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to build and erect, or cause to be built &c. and erected, such Number of Toll Houses near or upon the said Road, and Turnpike Gates in, upon, or across the said Roadr as the said Trustees shall find necessary or proper to erect, and shall and may make Fences to prevent any Person or Persons travelling the said Road from evading the Payment of the Tolls and Duties to be imposed and levied by virtue of this Act; and the Right and Property of the several Turnpike Gates and Toll Houses already erected or to be erected and provided, and the Materials thereof, shall be, and they are hereby vested in the said Trustees, and they are hereby empowered, from Time to Time, to bring, or cause to be brought, Actions in their own Names, or in the Names of any of their Treasurers or Clerks, against any Person or Persons who shall dtfturb them in the Possession thereof.

XII. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Sl<i*

said Trustees to erect, or cause to be erected. One or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, on the Side or Sides of the said Road, and across any Way or Lane leading out of the fame, and there to take and receive such Tolls as are by this Act granted and made payable, but so as that a Ticket received at such Side Bar shall entitle the Receiver to pass through other Turnpikes on the said Road Toll-free, in the same Manner as if he had paid Toll at any Gate or Gates erected across the said Road.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be and they are hereby empowered to purchase, feu, or lease, such Pieces of Ground " as they fitall judge most convenient for the Purpose of erecting Toll Houses not exceeding One Fourth Part of an Acre for each Toll House, which every Proprietor is hereby required and empowered to convey, feu, or lease, notwithstanding any Entail, Settlement, or other legal Bar to the contrary; and in case such Proprietor and the Trustees cannot agree as

to the Price to be paid for such Ground, then the Value thereof shall be determined by a Jury in Manner herein directed.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That so long as the Trustees NoToiifohe upon the Turnpike Road leading to Port Dundas, from the said Road to

the North End of the Bridge of Garfcube, appointed by an Act passed in rii'fglw and the Thirty-Third It ear of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, l olt

An Act for completing, repairing, and maintaining the Road leading from the um '

City of Glasgow to Port Dundas, and from Port Dundas to the High Road leading from the CdycfC Iafgow to Garfcube Bridge by Dobbies Loin, in the County ^Lanark, inn 11 mainrain and keep in Repair so much of the said lass-mentioned Road as lies between the City of Glasgow and the [Loc, & Per.] 7 C Place

56i

Tolls to be lev C i.

TI there A»all be Two or more Turn-pikes, Ti ll* to *>e .'*p,)or-iu§neo*

49' GEORGII III. Cap. 1 o.

Place where the said Road to Port Durdas branches off from the same near the Turnpike Gate at piefent erected on the said Garfcu.be Road, between Cowcaddent, and Glasgow, it shall not be lawful for or in the Power of the Trustees appointed by this Act, to set up any Turnpike Gate or Gates, or to levy any l oll or Tolls on that Part of the said Road, maintained and kept in Repair by the said Trustees on the Road to Port Dundas as aforesaid.

XV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they are hereby empowered and authorized to demand and take or to cause to be demanded and taken at the Turnpikes or Gates erected or to be erected by them upon the aforesaid Roads, Ways, or Lanes, a Sum not exceeding the Rates and Duties herein-after specified, before any Coach, Chariot, Barouche, Landau, Calalh, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatever, or any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Cattle whatever, pa & through the fame; (that is to say),

For every Coach, Chariot, Barouche, Landau, Calash, Chaise, Chair or Hearse, or other such like Carriage or taxed Cart, drawn by Six Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares,'Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Wheel Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of 1 hree Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling; and drawn by One Horse, or other Beast of Draught, the Sum ot Sixpence Sterling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Three-pence Sterling:

For every Drove of Oxen or neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Eight-pence Sterling per Score •, and so in Proportion for any greater or less N umber:

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, Hogs, or Goats, the Sum of Ten-pence Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

For every Drove of Horses or Fillies unfhod, the Sutn of One Shilling and Light-pence Sterling per Score, and so in Proportion lor any greater or less Number:

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if there shall be Two or more Turnpikes or Toll Bars erected on or across the aforesaid Road, then and in such Case or Cafes the Tolls and Duties hereby granted may bt levied at any of the said Turnpikes in Whole or in Parr, provided tl.at the total Tolls and Duties so levied upon the whole Line of the said Road shall not exceed the Amount of the Tolls and Duties hereby granted

XYir. Anti

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 30. 563

XVII. And be it enacted, That no Person or Persons, having Occasion to TJ('Js0tI^_be pais through any Turnpike or Turnpikes on the Paid Road, and who shall oncemiii* return the same Day through the fame Turnpike or Turnpikes, before frnie D»jr. twelve of the Clock at Night with the fame Coach, Chaise, or other such Carriage or with the fame Horse, Afs, or other Bead or Cattle, or with the fame Waggon, Cart or other such Carriage if empty, shall be liable to pay the said Tolls or Duties upon such Return as aforesaid •, and every Person passing through any such Turnpike shall, on Demand, be furnished with a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, signifying the Payment of such Tolls or Duties, which Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, shall, upon the Delivery thereof, enable the said Person or Persons returning the same Day as aforesaid, to repass the said Turnpike Toll-free.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That if any Collector of the said Tolls or Du- PenUtr on tieslhall fell, or fraudulently disposelof any Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, p!il1p(0T"|k^,. to any Person or Persons; or if any Person or Persons, having paid the

Tolls or Duties by this Act imposed, and having received a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, signifying the Payment thereof, shall give or dif-pcfe of the fame, to any other Person or Persons, in order to avoid Payment of the said Tolls and Duties, every such Collector, or other Person giving or disposing thereof, and the Persons receiving the fame, being convicted thereof by voluntary Confession, or upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County where the Offender shall be or reside, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum noc exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling.

XIX. And be it enacted, That no Toll or Duty shall be demanded or Exemption* taken at any of the Turnpikes erected or to be erected on the aforesaid from Toll* Road, for or in respect of any Horses or Carriages which shall be employed in carrying Stones or other Materials for repairing the

Roads or Bridges by this Act directed to be made, repaired, or built, or in respect of any Horses, Cattle, Sheep, or Carriages, loaded or otherwise passing or tepalfing between One Part of a Farm, and another Part of the fame Farm contiguous or near to the said Road; nor for Horses, Geldings, or Cattle, going to Smithies for the Purpose only of being Ihod, or returning therefrom ■, nor for Horses or Carriages of any Description, carrying any Person. or Persons attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die and be buried within any of the said Parishes, or carrying any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon any other his Parochial or Minifferial Duty upon a Sunday, or on any Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be performed; or carrying any Person to or from Church, Chapel, or any Place of religious Worship, belonging to or situated within the Parish where such Person resides, on a Sunday, or any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be performed; or for any Horses or Carriages of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in carrying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Pofttnaller General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other Carriages whatsoever, or any Horses or other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be employed in conveying

564.

Carihjr* of heavy Weight not cnritled to Exeir pt'on iiiileis they have broad Wheels.

Toils on Carriages of htavy Weight-

49fl GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

veying any Ordnance, Barrack or Commissariat, or other public Stores, ol or belonging to His Majesty, for the Use of His Majesty's Forces; nor shall any Toll or Duty be demanded or taken for the Horses of Officers or Soldiers upon their March, or on Duty; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in conveying any wounded or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or for any Horses furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for or on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons be dressed in the Uniforms of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption j or for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons travelling with Vagrants lent with legal Passes; nor shall more than One Half of the Tolls and Duties levied under the Authority of this Act be paid for Horses or Carriages which shall be employed in catrying Dung from Glasgow or elsewhere for manuring Lands in any of the Parishes aforesaid: And if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions’aforesaid, not being legally entitled to the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Waggon^ Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, shall be entitled to any of the Exemptions from the Payment of Tolls and Duties granted by this Act, if the Weight of such Carriage, with the Burden or Loading thereon, shall amount to Twenty Hundred Weight or upwards, unless the Fellies of the Wheels of such Carriages shall measure Five Inches in Breadth at least, if drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, and Seven Inches if drawn by Two or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, and also, unless the Fellies of the Wheels of every such Carriage shall be cylindrical, that is to say, of the fame Diameter on the Infidfenext to the Carriage, and on the Outside, and in every intermediate Pait between the Inside and Outside, so that when rolling on a flat Surface the Whole Breadth of such Fellies shall bear equally on such flat Surface, and that the Oppo-site Ends of the Axle-trees of such Carriages, as far as the same shall be inferred in the Ndves of the Wheels, shall not form an Angle with each other, but shall be in the Continuance of one straight Line, so that in each Pair of Wheels belonging to such Carriages, the lower Parts which shall rtfl on the Ground shall be at the fame Distance from each other as the upper Part of the said Pair of Wheels, and further have the Nails sunk Level with the Ring? on the Wheels; excepting always Carriages carrying His Majesty's Mails or Fxprefies, Carriages belonging to His Majesty, or carrying Stores as aforesaid, Carriages attending Soldiers who are upon their March or on Duty, or any Corps of Yeomanry or A'olunteers as aforesaid, and Carts or Waggons travelling with Vagrants with legal dalles, which in no Cafe whatever shall be liable to any Toll or Duty.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees may levy or cause to be levied, demanded, and taken at the several Turnpike Gate or Gates erfted or to be erected on or across the said Roads, before any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, drawn by One or more than°One

Hor fe

49° GEORG I! HI. Cap. 36. 5^5

Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, pass through the fame, the Weight of which Carriage with the Burden or Loading thereon shall amount to Twenty hundred Weight and thall not exceed Twenty-five hundred Weight, and the Fellies of the Wheels of which shall not measure Five Inches in Breadth at lead if drawn by One, and Seven Inches in Breadth if drawn by more than One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, and moreover the Fellies of which Wheels as well as the Wheels and Axle-trees of such Carriages thall not be of the Description aforesaid, One Half mote in Addition to the Tolls and Duties authorized to be levied by this Act; and if the Weight of the same shall exceed Twenty-five hundred Weight and thall not exceed Thirty hundred Weight, and the Fellies of the Wheels of such Carriage thall not measure as above-mentioned, and such Carriage shall not in other Respects be of the Description aforesaid.

Double the Tolls and Duties granted by this Act; and if the Weight thall exceed Thirty hundred Weight, and the Fellies of the Wheels of such Carriage shall not measure as above-mentioned, and the Carriage shall not in other Respects be of the Description aforesaid, Treble the Tolls and Duties granted by this Act; and the Toll or Duty on tuch Carriages is hereby expressly declared not to be a Penalty, but the just and fair Toll Duty leviable on such Carriages.

XXII. And be it enacted, That it may and shall be lawful to and for Forerecihf the said Trustees to ered and build, or cause to be erected and built,

on or across the said Road, or at such Ditlance therefrom as shall be 1 thought proper by the said Trustees, Cranes, Machines, or Engines proper for weighing Carts, Waggons, or Carriages conveying any Goods, Merchandize, Corn ground or unground. Coal, Lime, Stones for building, or any Thing whatsoever; and to order and cause all and every or any such Carriage or Carriages, to be weighed, together with the Loading thereof, before allowing the same to pass through any such Gate or Gates; and if any Person or Persons thall refuse to allow the same to be so weighed, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to levy or order to be levied Treble the Tolls or Duties hereby directed to be paid for such Carriages before allowing the same to pats through pitch Gate or Gates.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person owning Stoin or driving, or causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying

any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be fuh-jed to.any such Toll Duty or to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight; nor thall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, be (lopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or othrr Carriage, or of being drawn determined by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Waini Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons thall To parent neglect or refuse to pay the Tolls and Duties hereby granted, the said "ltl"

[Lee. Ssf Per.] 7 D Trustees roll?/ 8

366

Penalty for

"rrfufirg to pay Toll.

Taking off Uoifcs, ice.

Penalty for Artaultf, f n.l Penalty for defttoying Turnpike Gates, &c-

To prerent

Evalion of Toll

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Trustees or any Three of them, are hereby empowered by themselves, or any Person authorized by them, to seize every Horse. Ox, or other Cattle, or Carriage, so passing the Toll Bar without Payment, and to detain them till Payment of the Toll Dutyand failing its being paid within Five Days thereafter to apply to any Justice of the Peace within the County, who is hereby authorized to grant a summary Warrant, to fell the said Horse or other C.utie or Carriage for Payment of the Toll Duty, and all other necessary Charges, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner when required.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse to pay the Tolls and Duties authorized to be levied by this Act, or shall pass through any Toll Bar, without paying the Tolls and Duties leviable thereat, or shall take off or cause to be taken off,any Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, from any Coach, Chaise, Chair, or other such like Carriage, or any Horse, Ox, or other Beall of Draught, from any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, before the same shall come to any of the Gates, or Turnpikes erected, or to be erected by virtue of this Act, with an Intent to avoid paying any Tolls or Duties hereby imposed, or shall put or leave in any House, or Place, anytWaggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Cattle, chargeable with or liable to pay the said Tolls or Duties, with such Intent as aforesaid, each and every Person so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, and being duly convicted thereof, in the Manner directed by this Act, shall be liable in a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, for each Offence.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall assault any Collector of the said Tolls or Duties, or by Force pass through any of the said Gates or Turnpikes, without paying the Tolls or Duties which such Person or Persons ought to pay; or shall maliciously break down, or attempt to break down, pluck up, damage, or otherwise destroy, any Turnpike Gate, Port, Chain, Bar, or other Works •whatever, or any House erected for the Use of such Turnpikes, or any weighing Engine erected on the Sides of the said Road, or shall strike or maltreat any of the Collectors, Toll-Gatherers, or any Person or Persons of their Family employed in levying the said Tolls or Duties, or shall refeue or attempt to refeue any Person in Custody for any of the said Offences or any Offence against this Act; every Person or Persons so offending in any of the Premises, and being thereof convicted in Manner directed by this Act, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling over and above the whole Damages and Expences which shall be fudained by the said Trustees, Collectors, Toll-gatherers, or other Person aforesaid by reafen of any such Offence.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons owning, renting, or occupying any Lands or other Premises, shall knowingly and willingly permit and suffer any Person or Persons to pass over the fame, or through any Gate, Passage, or Way, with any Coach, Cart, or other Carriage, or with any Horse. Ox, or other Cattle, for the Purpose of evading Payment of the said Tolls or Duties, such Person or Persons so offending, and the Person or Persons driving such Coach, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse, Ox, or other Cattle, being convicted thereof in Manner

directed

56 7

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

directed by this Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said Trustees a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the said Trustees at Tdls may t* any of their General Meetings, may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, with the Content of the Person or Persons who shall have lent Five-sixth Parts of the Money then due solely on the Credit of the fame, to lefien and reduce such Tolls or Duties from Time to Time as they shall think fir, and may also from Time to Time raise the said Tolls or Duties again, so as not to exceed the Tolls or Duties herein-before granted.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Tolls may be said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, if they shall think fit, lct-

to let by public Auction the Tolls or Duties hereby granted, in Whole or in Part, for any Term nut exceeding Three Years, for the highell Rate that can be got for the fame, to such Person or Persons as shall give good and {efficient Security for Payment of the Rents for which the said Tolls shall be let, to be approved by the said Trustees.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at a General Compositio* Meeting assembled, shall, and they are hereby empowered, as they shall fo‘ r°u" fee convenient or think fit, to compound or agree by the Year or otherwise with any Person or Persons using to travel through the Turnpikes, and living within Three Miles of any Turnpike or Turnpikes erected or to be erected on the said Roads, with any Coach, Chariot, Chaise, Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage, Ilorfe, Gelding, or Mule, or any other Beast of Draught, for any Sum or Sums to be paid Quarterly or Monthly in Advance, from Time to Time after such Agreement is made; and that Copies of all such Agreements or Compositions so to be made by the said Trustees as aforesaid, shall be entered at Length in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by their Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer or Treasurers, which said Books shall be seen and perused by any Person or Persons having Imereft at all seasonable Times, without paying any Fee or Reward.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the Tolls and Duties hereby Tolls *nd' granted shall be applied by the said Trustees in improving, maintaining, *)u|i"tu be and keeping in Repair the aforesaid Road, and also in keeping and main- mr^airiniof taining the Bridge at the said Milnford of Garfcubt in sufficient Repair, R ,art and for widening the fame, if that shall be deemed necessary; and in carry- Gnouihi*8 ing all other the Trulls and Purposes of this Act into Execution, including Bridg«-the Repayment of the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Tolls.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful to and in the Power t«r*. Power of the Lid Trustees, or any '1 hree or more of them at a General hairbr»neh-Meeting assembled from Time to Time, to direct such Part of the Tolls l"R Ro'"‘ and Duties determined by this Act granted as they lha 1 think proper, not exceeding One-fourth Part of the Annual Produce thereof in One Year, to be laid out and appied for the repairing other Roads within any of the Counties of Lanark, Stirling, or Dumbarto'n, branching out of or leading into the said Road from the City of Glasgow io the North End of the Bridge of Gar/cube.

568 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Addition so

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Addition shall be ro'b'anchin' made to such Part of the FaidTolls and Duties as lh ill have been in any Year Roads no', t applied to any such other Road, unless at a General Meeting held in fotne at "Special*3 one or other of the Months of August, September, or October, called by General Meet. Advertisement inferred at hall in One Newspaper published at Glafgtrw, in8‘ and at lead Ten Days before the Day of Meeting, in which Advertisement

the Road for v.hich any Addition is meant to be made shall be specified.

Power tobor.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That for the Purposes aforesaid it shall row Money. and may be lawful for the said Trustees at a General Meeting aiTeinbled, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to borrow upon the Credit of the Tolls and Dudes granted by this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding upon the Whole at any one Time Eight thousand Pounds Sterling, including the Sums already borrowed by the said Trustees under the said recited Acts, and to assign and make over such Part of the said Tolls or Duties as they shall think proper, by Way of Security, to such Person or Persons who shall lend or who thall become Sureties for the Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed as aforesaid; and Copies of all such Alignments shall be entered by the Clerk or Clerks, Treasureror Treassurers, in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, which shall at all reasonable Times be open to the Pe-rufal of any Person or Persons having Interest, without Fee or Reward.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when the Sums aforesaid shall, in Whole or in Parc, be applied and accounted for to the said Trustees, and by their Older paid to the Person or Persons advancing or bound for the fame, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, and they are hereby authorised to borrow any other Sum or Sums of Money; but the said Sum or Sums so borrowed shall not at any Time exceed in the Whole the Sum allowed to be borrowed by the Trustees, as aforesaid, on the Credit of the said Tolls or Duties.

No Mor.ejr t»

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That no Part of the said Toils or outo'riTr of Duties, or of the Monies which shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof, the T.uitces. shall be applied, laid out, or appropriated without the Order of the said Trustees, or of such Persons as they shall authorise and appoint.

Account! to

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall keep, or he kept. cause to be kept, an exact Account of the Monies received by virtue of this Act, and the Application thereof, and all their Proceedings, and shall enter the fame in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose, which any Trustee shall at all reasonable Times be at Liberty to inspect, without Fee or Reward.

Loans being paid, farther Sums may be borrowed.

Powers 0

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful for making ihe the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, to make, or cause to be

Roads. made, causeways, on any Part of the said Road, and to make and erect

Bridges of Stone, Brick, or Wood, for the Passage of Water under the fame, or under any Part of the said Hoad, and across the fame, and otherwise to make, maintain, and keep in Repair, the said Road; and the said Trustees are further hereby authorized and empowered by a Writing under* their Hands, to order and direct the Course of the said Read to be 7 altered.

5^9

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 33.

altered, or the said R.oad to be extended to such Breadth as they shall think proper, not exceeding Sixty Feet, exclusive of Ditches; and for these Purposes, to pull down and remove any House or Building, the Side Walls of which shall not exceed Eighteen Feet in Height, and to remove all other ObstrutHons, and to enter into and upon, and make use of all Lands, Grounds, and other Heritages, not being a Garden,

Orchard, planted Walk, Lawn, or Avenue to any House, or any Ground being a Nursery for Trees, which had been so used prior to the passing of this Act.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That wherever the Course Owners or of any Part of the said Read shall be altered by this Act, and a new Road rnKingV'tw opened and made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer of the Pur- Road lo have chafe of such old Road shall be first made to the Peri’on from whom the ofiheoiu 'k' Pan of such old Road shall have been purchased, and if he refuses then to Rad. the Owner of such adjoining Land, which shall be cut and used for the Purpose of making such new Road; and in case fuc.h Person shall be defiraus of becoming the Purchaser of such old Road, and cannot agree * with the said Trustees for the Price to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Person shall still be deftrous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then and in such Case the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertair.ed by a Jury in such and the like Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuancs of this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by this Act, and such Person shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof at the Sum to be ascertained by the Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Person shall refuse to pay such Money, upon Demand made thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the Trustees, and upon an Offer in Writing being made to convey such old Road, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees by Action before the Court of Session, together with Expences of Process or Costs of Suit; and in case any such Person shall not agree, or shall refuse to purchase any such old Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons (not interested in the Premil'esJ to subscribe a Statement in Writing, and to make Oath to the Truth thereof before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such old Road shall be, hating that such Offer has been made by or on the Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Person has not agreed or has refused to purchase such old Road,

(as the Case may be), and such Statement in Writing and Oath relating thereto, shall, in all Courts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made and not agreed to, or refused by such Person; and it shall thereafter be lawful for the said Trustees to sell and dispose of the said old Road as they shall think proper.

XI. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Tncapncltated all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, married Women, Trustees,

Heirs of Entail, Tutors or Curators for Infants, Minors, Idiots, furious fc'l. or other Persons, and to and for ..11 and every other Person or Persons whatsoever, who are or shall be seized, pofuTed of, or interested in any Lands, Houses, Tenements, or other Heritages, or any Part thereof, to sell the same for the Purpose3 of this Act; and all Contracts, Agreements, Sales, or other Conveyances that shall be so made, shall be valid to all Intents and l urposes, any Law, Statute, Ul'age, or any other [Lee. iif Per.'} E Matter

570

Satisfaction to be made.

Expencen of

Jury by whom to be p.iid.

Money payable to Performs under Entail or Difa-hility, h'-w to be disposed ctm

Jf »ool. ami upwards.

49' GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary thereof, notvvilhilanding * and all such Trustees, Heirs of Entail, Tutors or Curators, Corporations. Proprietors or Incumbrancers, and all other Persons, are and shall be indemnified for what they shall do by virtue or in pursuance of this Act.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be obliged to satisfy and pay the Proprietors, or Owners and Occupiers, and other Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, Houses or Heritages required for the Purposes of this Act, the Value thereof, and of the Damage done, as shall be agreed upon between the said Trustees and such Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers, and other Persons interested therein; and in the Event that they cannot agree, then the said Trustees shall be obliged to pay such Sum or Sums of Money, as shall be awarded by a Jury of Fifteen Persons summoned and chosen by the Sheriff of the County wherein such Lands, Tenements, Houses, or Heritages shall be fituared, in such Manner as Juries are summoned and chosen by Sheriffs of Counties in Scotland, whose Determination is hereby declared to be final, without being subject to Advocation, Suspension, or Reduction; and the Sheriff Depute of such County or his Substitute, upon the Petition of either Party, setting forth the Circumftnnces of the Cafe, is hereby required within a reasonable Time thereafter, to summon and chcofe such Jury; and in the Event that no Compensation shall have been offered by the said Trustees, or if such Jury shall award a greater Sum than shall have been offered by the said Trustees, the Expence of such Jury shall be borne by the said Trustees, and in the Event that such Jury shall award a less Sum than shall have been offered by the said Trustees, the Whole of the said Expences shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided always, that in all Cales whe e any Person or Persons shall by reason of Absence be prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Colts and Expences shall be borne and paid by the find Trustees: And provided also, that after having offered to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Houses such Sum as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for them to enter into or upon such Lands or Houses for the Purposes of this Act, and no Stop shall in the mean Time be put to the Operations of the said Trustees on Pretence of settling the said Damage, or that they have not been satisfied and paid; and in case any Person interested shall apply for and obtain from any Judge competent, a Warrant for flopping the Execution of any of the Purposes to be carried on under the Authority of this Act the said Judge shall be and is hereby empowered and directed to recall such Warrant, or remove any Sift obtained as aforesaid, provided fuilicieiit Caution shall be found by the Trustees therein named for the Amount of such Damages as may ultimately be awarded to the Person suing for the fame, and ascertained in Manner herein prescribed.

XLII. And be it enacted, That whatever Money shall be paid as aforesaid, for Lands, Tenements, Houses, or other Heritages so taken or used by the said Trustees, which were held under Entail, or subjeil to Life rent Annuities or other Incumbrances, or belonging to any Corporation, married Woman, Minor, Lunatic, Idiot, or other Person under legal Disability or Incapacity, such Money, in case the fame amount to Two hundred Pounds

57i

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Pounds or upwards, shall be under the Authority and Direction of the Court of Session, and shall without Delay be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or such otfur Bank as the Court shall direct, upon the highest Interest that can be got, in order that it may be applied, with the Approbation and by the Authority of the said Court, in the Purchase of Land Tax, or in the Discharge of any Debt or Incumbrance affecting the said Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, or affecting other Lands, Houses, or Subjects belonging to the fame Persons, and settled to the fame ot like Uses, or under the like Conditions and Limitations; and when such Money cannot be applied to these or like Purposes, then the same shall be laid out in the Purchase or on the Security ot other Lands, Houses, and Subjects of the like Nature, and the Rights and Titles thereof shall be deviled to the same Person or Persons, or for their Benefit, to the fame Series of Heirs, for the same Uses and Purposes, and under the fame Provisions, Conditions, and Limitations, as the Lands, Houses, and other Subjects taken and ufrd for the Purposes of this Act, were devised and settled, or such of them as shall be then existing and capable of taking Lffect; and in the mean Time, until such Purchase or Security can be effected, the Interest of such Money shall be paid, by Authority of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who for the Time would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Land.-, Houses, or o,her Subjects so taken and uied by the said Trustees.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That iffuch Money be less than Two hundred Iflef-ttian Pounds, but shall exceed Twenty Pounds Sterling, then at the Option of abo-'c ioI the Person or Persons who for the Time being would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Houses, and other Subjects conveyed to or taken by the Trustees for the Pu'poses of this Act, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, or under the Hands of their T utors, Curators, or Trustees, in Cafes ol Minority, Lunacy or Trust, to be paid into one or other of the raid Bank-, under the fame Direction and Authority, to be applied in the Manner before directed; or otherwise the fame Avail be paid, at the like Option, to Two i rustees to be named by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Two or more Trustees under this ACc, in order that such Money, and the Interest irifing thereon, may be applied in the Manner before directed, so far as the Circtimflances of the Cafe shall make it practicable.

XLIV. And be it enacted, That where such Money shall be less than Iflrfttlwn Twenty Pounds Sterling, then the same shall be applied to the Use oft Per- 10*■

Ion or Persons who for the Time being would have been entitled to ti . <ent» and Profits of the Lands, Houses, and other Subjects so taken and conveyed for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner as the Trustees, or any Two or more of them, shall think fit; or in case of Trust to his or their Trustees, or in case of Minority or Lunacy, to Ids, her, or their Tutors or Curators, for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons lo entitled respectively.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons to in case of rot whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of out any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, purchased by virtue of this Act, "C ’ iC' shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be sole to make a good

Title

57

Twrhafe M >* my 10 k into thr Bank

•fuWi-ct to the Oitlcr of the Court of 6c f-lion.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 5o.

Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom stich Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Houses, or other Sobjefts, be not known or dii-covered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into tin. Same of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interfiled in the said Lands, Houses, or other Subjects (describing them) subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Court or Sell:on; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Mouev, or any Parr thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwii'e as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Public Funds, and to order the Dil-tribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the repetitive Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Life the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Suin or Sums of Money into the Banks as aforesaid.

VC lif re CJuction shall a rife touching the Right to such Money.

The Court may order rcaforvable Expences of Ptuvlnfe* to be paid by Traces.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Pen n to any Money to be paid into the said Banks in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Houses, or odier Subjects, or of any Estate, Right, or Interbifc, in any Lands, Houses, and other Suhj.ci ., 10 he purcinued in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in the Polie 11 ion of such Lands, Houses, and other Subjects, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under: such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of iyich PgrfqB r Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entith d to J'uch Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, according to such ppfMftop, until the contrary shall be fnewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money and the Interest thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful PolTefilon, and that fotne other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Iioufes, or other Subjects, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLVII. proved always, and be it further enacted, Thatlwhere, by reason cf any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, ihe Purchase-Money for the tame shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Houses, or other Subjects, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases, from Time to Time, to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expellees as the Court shall deem icafonabie, together with the neceihiry Colls and Charges of obtaining

luck

573

49° GEORGII III. Cap.$0,

such Order, to be paid determined by the said Trustees, who shall, from Time to Time, pay such Sums of Money, for such Purposes, as the said Court shall direct.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That ail Lands and Houses which b-0"fted'1n,° maybe acquired by the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act, shall be velted u«c Trust«e». in the said Trustees by the Ample Discharge for the agreed Price, or appraised Value thereof, or by Consignation of the said Price or Value (in case of the Absenceor Refusal of the Person or Persons entitled thereto) in the Bank of Scotland^ or Royal Bank thereof; and it ftull be sufficienc to record the Discharge, or the Voucher of Consignation, in the 'heriff Court Books of any of the said Counties respectively wherein such Lands or Houses shall be situated, whereupon the Trustees shall be entitled to take and ufethe said Lands and Houses, and shall hold the same as validly and effectually, to all Intents anJ Purposes, as if the respective Owners thereof had executed in their Favour regular Difpcfitions of the fame, and Infeoftments had followed thereupon.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the *fa*

said Trulb. es or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Pur- repairing ihe pose, to open Stone Ouarries. and to dig, gather, and carry away any R°a<ls; atones or Gravel, Sand, Furze, Heath, or other Materials (Timber excepted), out of or from any Ground, whether inclosed or not (not being the Ground whereon any Houses stand, nor a Garden, Orchard,

Yard, planted Walk, Lawn, or Avenue to any House or any Piece or Parcel of Ground being a Nurlery for Trees, and which had been so used previous to the passing of this Act), where the said Materials can be most conveniently found within any of the Parishes aforesaid, for the Use of the said Roads and Bridges aforesaid. ,

L. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not Notice heing be lawful for any Person or Persons under the Authority of this Act, ,irft8lv'ni to dig, gather, take and carry away any Materials for making or repairing the said Roads and Bridges, from any inclosed Lands or Grounds, without an Order in Writing from Two or more of the said Trustees nor until at least rlhree Days previous Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence.

LI. Prov ided further. That it shall not be lawful for any Person under and not being the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take and carry away any tak'n Materials from any Quarry which shall be then working for Sale by any irking,' Owner or Occupier thereof, unless such Owner or Occupier shall refuse unlel6 retufa* or hinder a sufficient Supply thereof at the current Price or Prices at which pr;ce.ftomarir the tame shall at the Time be bondJide sold to other Purchasers.

LII. And be it enacted, That when any Damage shall be done by the Damage in said Trustees, or others having Power from them, in digging, gathering, dirgingfor or taking away Materials or otherwise, in repairing the said Roids or Mat,ria1*-Bridges, or in making the same, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, the said Trustees shall be obliged to pay all such Damages as well as the Value of such Materials as the same shall be ascertained (if the Parties [Loc. ft? Per.] 7 F cannot

574

R^pcfitoi iea for Male ir.ls.

Drains may be made.

Roads to be measured and Mile Stones erected.

Penalty for defacing fame.

Penalty for dcii roving Bi idges

Foot Path*.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

cannot aoree) by any Two Justices of the Peace of the County wherein such Damage shall have happened, subject nevertheless to appeal from the Decision of the said Justices to the next Quarter Sessions in the said County, whose Decision shall be final, without being subject to Advocation, Suspension, or Reduction: Provided always, that no Stop

or Hindrance shall on any Event be put to the said 1 rudees, or those employed by them, from using and carrying away the said Materials, and applying them to making and repairing the said Roads and Bridges.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or some Person or Persons to be appointed by them, shall be, and they are hereby empowered to provide proper Places adjoining to the Sides of the said Roads, as Repositories for Materials for making and repairing the fame, and the Bridges aforesaid, Damages being always paid for the Ground occupied by such Repositories in the Manner herein lad before directed.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, to make or cause to be made such Conduits or Drains or other Outlets for Water, through any Grounds (except a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Planted Walk, Lawn, or Avenue to any House, or any Piece or Parcel of Ground, being a Nursery for Trees, and which shall have been so used previous to the passing of this Act, unless with the Consent of the Owner thereof,) adjoining to the said Roads, as may be necessary for carrying off Water from the said Roads, and to scour, cleanse, and preserve such Conduits, Drains, or other Outlets, when made without any Hindrance or Impediment whatsoever, excepting as aforesaid.

LV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, in a General Meeting assembled, shall be and are hereby empowered to cause the said Road to be measured, and Stones or Pods to be erected near the Sides thereof, denoting the Distance of each Mile, and also Way Pods at the Cross Roads j and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully break, destroy, damage, pull up, or remove any such Stones, Pods, or Way Pods, or obliterate or deface any Letters or Figures that shall be made, inscribed, or put thereon, and shall be thereof convicted in Manner directed by this Act, such Person or Persons so offending, shall, besides repairing the Damage done, respectively forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, for every Stone or Pod so wilfully broken, destroyed, damaged, pulled up, removed, obliterated, or defaced; and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully throw down, destroy, or damage any of the Bridges upon the said Roads, or the Ledges or Parapet Walls, or other Parts thereof, and shall be convicted as aforesaid of any such Offence, every such Person shall, besides paying the Expence of repairing the Damage done, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, for each Offence.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, to order Foot Paths to be made upon the Sides of the said Roads; and where such Foot Paths shall be so made, no Person or Persons shall ride, or drive, or cause any

Horse,

575

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 3c.

Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage, to travel along the said Foot Paths, otherwise such Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Two Pounds Sterling for each Offence.

LVII. And be it funher enacted, That no House or other Building Aral I, Housesnot after the passing of this Act, be erected on either Side of the said Road, within Thirty Feet from the Middle of the said Road, (ffave and except tain oittancs a Wall along the Side of the said Road for the Purpose or a Fence not ex- 01 1<01 ‘

ceeding Six Feet in Height) under a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling for every Offence, over and above the Expence of pulling down such House or other Building, and removing the Materials thereof, and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, to apply to any Two Justices of the Peace of the Cou uy in which any such Building shall be erected or begun to be erected, and the said Justices shall thereupon grant Warrant for flopping or pulling down the said Budding, and for removing the Materials thereof, and for Paymenc of all Expences attending the same.

LVIII. And be it enacted, That where the Ground on the Sides of the Trcrionth* aforesaid Roads is or shall be planted with Trees, or is or shall be inclosed by Hedges, the Proprietors or Occupiers of such Ground on each iopiwd.

Side of the said Roads shall, at a proper Season of the Year, lop and prune the Trees, and cut and dress the Hedges in such Manner, that no Part of the said Trees or Hedges shall overhang any Part of the said Roads, nor the Hedges be allowed to be of a Height exceeding Five Feet from the Surface of the Ground at the Bottom of the Hedge; and in case he, she, or they neglect so to do, after being required by an Order from any Two or more of the said Trustees, the said Trustees, or any Person appointed by them, shall cause the same to be done, and levy and recover the Expence thereof from the Proprietors or Occupiers of the said Ground in the same Manner as any Penalty may by this Act be levied and recovered.

LIX. And be it enacted, That when any Passage for Cattle or Carriages Drains to be acTofs the Sides of the aforesaid Roads shall be made for the Conveniency coveieii> &c> of the Occupier or Occupiers of the Grounds thtough which the said Road passes, he, she, or they shall cover the Drains eroding the Sides of such Roaos with sufficient Stones, in such Manner as that the Course of the Water in the Drains may not be interrupted, or the Roads thereby prejudiced: Provided always, that no Owner or Occupier of Lands shall turn any Water upon the Sides of the said Roads, nor conduct any Water across the said Roads for meliorating of his Fields, or other Purposes, until he shall have applied for apd obtained the Consent of Two or more of the said Trustees in Writing; and every such Owner or Occupier shall be obliged to carry the Water across the Road in a covered Drain, of such Depth and Construction as that the Water may not prejudice the Road, and in such Manner as shall have been directed by the said Trustees at any General Meeting assembled j and every Person offending in any of the above Particulars, and being convicted thereof in the Manner directed by this Act, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, besidea the Amount of any Damages thereby occasioned.

?6

57

Dt'clies

Jo br n'; next t! e

49

GEORGII III. Cap. 10.

Gates not to open to the Road.

l.X. Anil bo it further enabled. That where Fences shall henceforth be made on the Sides of the said Roads, the Hedge shall be on the Side next the Road, and the Ditch next the Field, unless Three or more of the said Trustees at a General Meeting assembled, shill give a Consent in Writing that it may be otherwise; and proper Conduits shall be made in different Places for carrying the Water from the Road under the said Fence or Bank into the Ditch.

LXI. And be it er.acted, That no Gate to any Inclosure, or Avenue, on the Sides of the said Roads, shall open in such Manner as that any Part of it when opened shall come upon or be within the Line of the said Ro ds; and all Proprietors or Posseflots of Lands shall be obliged to alter their Gates accordingly, whenever required by the said Trustees.

t rrr r.t I.XII. And be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act ' no Person or Persons whatsoever shall erect or make, or cause to be erected or made, any Lime Kiln or Brick Kiln, or any Nuisance by Fire, or otherwise within Twenty Yards of the Sides of any Part of the said Roads, unless the same shall be fenced off in such Manner as to prevent any Danger or Detriment to Persons travelling on the fame; or to make Pits or Holes, or lay down Lime, Dung, Compost, Kubbifli, Dead Cattle, or other Matter whatever within live Yards of the Sides of the said Roads, unless the fame be sufficiently fenced off from the Road; neither shall any Person or Persons turn their Plough on the said Roads, or lay do«rn Trees or other Matter, or leave longer than shall be necessary for the Purpose of loading and unloading, or for removing in case of Accident Carts, Waggons, or Wains, loaded or unloaded, handing upon the said Roads or Bridges, or do any Thing whatsoever, whereby the said Roads or Bridges shall be unnectffarily incumbered cr damaged, under a Penalty not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Offence, besides being obliged immediately to remove all such Nuisances and Obstructions, and to repair such Damages.

Head Ridges

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this the'siit«<ofon eveI7 Person ploughing any uninclosed Ground contiguous to the tbs Roads. said Roads, shall always make Headridges along the Sides of the said Roads of the Breadth of Twenty four Feet at least, under the Penalty of a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for eachOffence, besides being Obliged to make such Headridges.

I'enairy for

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall gr z ni graze or allow any Horses, Cows, or other Cattle, to graze upon the s!d«'of°thel,e SiJes or other 1>arts the aforesaid Roads, and be convicted thereof KoJ. in the Manner directed by this Act, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling for each Head of Horses or Cattle that shall be found grazing thereon.

Nothing to

LXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall use any Sledge or b« dragged on Carriage without Wheels, or haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or the Roads. drawn on any Part of the said Roads, any Tree, Log, or Piece of limber, or any Stone or other Thing whatsoever, otherwise than on a »i Wheel

577

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 30.

Wheel Carriage; nor shall any Person suffer any Tree, Log, Piece of Timber, Stone, or other Thing conveyed on a Wheel Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the said Road', or to project on either Side of the said Carriage more than One Foot beyond the Wheels thereof; and every Tree, or Log, or Piece of Timber exceeding Twenty Feet in Length shall be carried on Four Wheels, or on a double Carriage j and every Person offending in any of the above Particulars shall foileit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for each Offence.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall fufta:n any Damage by Reason of the Execution of any of the Powers hereby given for which no Remedy is herein-before provided, then and in every such Case the Value thereof shall be ascertained, if the Parties cannot agree, by any Two Justices of the Peace of the County wherein such Damage shall have happened, subject nevertheless to appeal to the next Quarter Sessions in the said County, whose Deci-fion shall be final, without being subject to Advocation, Suspension or Reduction.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, shall, unless herein otherwise directed, be sued for and recovered by an Application for that Purpose, at the Instance of any One of the said Trustees, or of their Clerks, Treasurers, Collectors, or Surveyors, before any One or more of Flis Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County where the Offence shall have been committed, or the Offender shall be or reside, who is hereby authorized to hear and determine the fame, and to fine the Offender or Offenders when convicted determined by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses by Confession of the Party or otherwise, in any Sum not exceeding the Penalties imposed by this ACT

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, shall be levied by pounding or Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Effects (if not otherwise directed by this Act), by Warrant under the Hands of any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County where the Offender shall be or reside; and the Person or Persons distraining such Goods and Effects, are hereby authorised and empowered, after the Space of Three Days after such Distress shall be made and taken to fell the Goods so distrained by public Roup or Auction, at the ncarefl Turnpike or Toll-House to the Place where such Distress shall be made or taken, and return the overplus Money (if any be) upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Effects, after such, Penalties and Forfeitures, with the reasonable Charges of dif-training, keeping, and felling the same shall be deducted and paid; and the said Forfeitures, when recovered, if not directed to be otherwise applieJd'by this Act, shall be applied One Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety towards carrying this Act into Execution, as the said Trustees shall1 direct; and all Penalties and Forfeitures contained in this Act, shall-be payable over and above all neeefiary Expences incurred’ iri. profeoH'ng for the fame, and where sufficient Effects for Distress calnnot be found, and the Money due shall not forthwith be paid, it shall be lawful for any Two Justices of the Peace of the County where the Offender shall be or reside, to commit the Offender to the Com-

" [Lee. & Per.] 7 G mon

Manner in which Timber shall he carried.

Remedy for Damag-j not particularly provided for.

Recovery of of Penaltie*.

Levying and Application of Penalties.

578

Aojjeal to the Quarer Sc.Ii.ns.

Limitation of Actions.

Trusttes msjr act as Justices.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. zo.

mon jail, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Ihree Calender Months, unless the said Penalties, Forfeitures, and all Expences be sooner paid.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons shall think him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any Order, Sentence, or other Proceeding of the said Trustees,or determined by any Order or Sentence of any Justice or Justices not assembled in Quarter Sessions. it shall and may be lawful for him, her, or them, to appeal to the Justices of the Peace, at the first Quarter Sessions for the County wherein such Caule of Complaint shall have arisen; and in case the Cause of Complaint arise within Fifteen Days before such Quarter Sessions, then such Appeal shall be made to the said Justices at the Second Quarter Sessions, who are hereby authorised and required to take Cognizance thereof, and to hear and determine the Complaint or Complaints f any Person or Persons so aggrieved, and if they fee Cause, shall and may, by Order of such Meeting, mitigate at theii Discretion, all or any of the said Penalties or Forfeitures imposedor incurred by the said Party or Parties complaining, or vacate and set aside the Conviction or Convictions, and set the Parties at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame, with such Expences as to them in their Discretion may seem proper; and to levy, by their Order or Warrant, such Expences so awarded by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Effects of any Person or Persons who shall refuse to obey the fame; and for Want of sufficient Distress to commit the Party to the Common Gaol of the County for any Time not exceeding Three Months, or until Payment of such Expences shall be made; but the Person or Persons so appealing shall, and they are hereby directed to give Notice in Writing to the Defender, of such their Intention of bringing or prosecuting any Appeal, Ten Days before the Meetng of the said Quarter Sessions, and shall within Five Days after such Notice lodge in the Hands of the Clerk to the said Justices, a Bond signed by him, her, or them, to prosecute such Appeal; and in case such Appeal shall be dilallowed, the Appellant shall pay such Expences and Charges as the said Justices shall direct in that Behalf; and every such Appeal shall, at the said Quarter Sessions, be heard and finally determined, without being subject to Advocation, Suspension, or Reduction.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That all Actions and Complaints for all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or for any Wrong done, or Injury suffered in any Manner relative thereto, or in consequence of any of the Powers given or granted by this Act, shall be commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred, or Wrong done or Injury suffered, and not afterwards.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That any Trustee appointed to put this Act in Execution, who is or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the Counties of Lanark, Stirling, or Dumbarton respectively, shall and may act as a Justice of the Peace within his respective Jurisdiction, for the more effectually putting this Act in Execution, notwithstanding such Justice of the Peace is or shall be a Trustee as aforesaid, or a Creditor upon the Tolls.

ii

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 30. 579

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the reasonable Charges and Ex- Eunices of pences paid or that shall be paid, in, about, or by reason of the passing of '"1S this Act, shall be paid out of the Tolls and Duties granted by the said recited Acts or by this Act.

[Public Act.]

LXXIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LXXIV. And be it rnafted, That this Act, and the Powers and Au- continuance thorities, Articles, Clauses, Rules, Forfeitures, and Penalties therein of this Act. contained, shall commence from and after the passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

somL-'t u'nj

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 31.

An Act for more effectually making and repairing the Great North Road leading from the North Queensferry, in the County of Fife, to the City of Perth, and to the Town of Dumfermline.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An AEi for repairing the Read from the North Queensferry g. through the Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinross to the Town of Perth; and also. the Road from tire paid Queensferry to the Towns of Dumfermline, Torrybum, and Culrofs; and also the Road from the said Queensferry through Inverkeithing to Bruntisland and Kirkaldie; and by another Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An ,0. Atl to continue and render more effectual an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing the Road ftom the North Queensferry through the Towns of Inverkeithing and Kinrols to the Town of Perth; and also the Road from the said Queensferry to the Towns of Dumfermline, Torryburn, and Culrols; and also the Road from the said Queensferry through Inverkeithing to Bruntisland and Kirkaldie and by another Act passed in the Thirty-sixth Year of the Reign of Hit [Loc. & Peri] 7II pfefent

1. Cgj.

J. c. *3.

Jjjytf'«e T i > n&it

£82 49° GEORGII III. Cap. I i.

G.j. c. ij4. present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing and enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts made in the Twenty-sixth Tear of the Ret'zn of His late Majesty Kin% George the Second, and the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, in as far as respeils the Road from Norib Queensferry in the County of Fife to the Town of Peith, and more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Road, and the Landing Places at the Queensferry; cenain Persons were appointed Trustees for making and repairing the said Roads, with Power to levy Tolls on the fame, and to borrow Money on the Credit thereof, and for other PurpoLs in the said Acts mentioned: And whereas, tinder the Authorit y of the said Acts the said Road from North Queensferry to the City of Perth, known by the Name of the Great North Road, and also the Road from the said Queensferry to the Town of Dumfermline, have been made; and coi tiderable Progress hath also been made in laying out the new Line of Road directed to be made by the said last-recited Act, between the said Queensferry and the City of Perth \ and a confideiable Sum of Money has been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties thereby authorized to be levied, and is still owing; but the said Roads are (till in Want of Repair, and cannot be effectually repaired and kept in Repair, or the said new Line completed, or the Money so owing repaid, unless the Trr.n and Powers of the said Acts, so far as relate to the said Roads, be continued and enlarged; and it is expedient that the said recited Acts, with more extensive Powers and Authorities, should be reduced and consolidated into One Act, in so far as the lame relate to the said Great North Road leading from the North Queensferry to the City of Perth, and to the Road from the said Queensferry to the Town of Dunfermline: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Adviceand Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament Former Acts assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the repealed. passing of this Act the said recited Acts of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of George the Second, and of the Twelfth and Thirty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, in so far as the fame relate to the said Great North Road leading from the North Queensferry to the City of Perth, and to the Road from the said Queensferry to the Town of Dunfermline•, and infttad thereof, this Act shall commence and be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned; and this Act, and all the Tolls and Duties which are hereby authorized to be levied, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the C edit of the said Acts hereby repealed; and the said Tolls and Duties shall be liable to the Payment of all Money which shall or may hereafter be borrowed on the Credit of this Act, and of all Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Justices of the Peace and a^dQnri'^a- Commissioners of Supply for the Counties of Perth, Fife, and Kinross, tion of Truf- and the H titor of ih . fe Cou a ties, being in theadlual Possession of the tKt- Dominium utile of Lands valued :n the Ceis-Books at One hundred Pound*

Scots, or upwards, e’thtr in their own Right or in the Right of their Wives, and the elded S ns of 'uch HHturs, as also One of the Guardians or Trustees of Minors, and the F dtor or Baron Bailiie for the Time being of each non-reddent Heritor, such Minors and Heritors having One hundred

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 31. 58*

hundred Pounds Scots of Valuation as aforesaid, as also the Chief Magistrate of the City of Perth and of the Royal Burgh of Inverkeithing for the Time being, and the Sheriff Depute for each of the said Counties, and in the Absence of the Sheriff Depute the Sheriff Substitute of the fame, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for surveying, making, repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Roads, and altering the prel’ent Course thereof where necessary, and repairing the Bridges or necessary Works on the fame, or erecting new ones where requisite; and for making and completing the said new Line of Road between Queemferry and Perth, as surveyed and approved of pursuant to the said in Part recited Act, passed in the Th'rty-bxth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for putting jn Execution all the other Powers given and granted by this Act.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no such Baron BLillie, Qintification Chief Magistrate, or Fador, shall be capable of acting asaTiufteein

the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be qualified to act as a Cornmtffioner of Supply for the said County, or unless he shall be in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Lands or Heritages of the clear yearly Value of Fifty Pounds per Annum', or be possessed of and entitled to a Personal Eftaie alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, of the Value of One thousand Pounds; nor shall any such Baron Baillie or Fador not qualified to be a Commissioner of Supply be capable of acting in the Execution of this Act, until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following, before any Two •r more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the fame; that is to say,

* T do swear. That I truly and horn fide am, in my own

* * Right, [or, in the Right of my Wife, as the Case may be,] in the

* actual Possession or Enjoyment of Lands or Heritages of the clear yearly

* Value of Fifty Pounds; or possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate

* alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, of the Amount or Value of

* One thousand Pounds. * So help me GOD.’

IV. Provided also. That if any Person not qualified or described as Penalty for aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Trustee, he shall for every aftinsifnot such acting forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, over duly <lualific<b and above the Expence of Prosecution j which Penalty shall be recovered

by a Complaint, in a summary Way, at the Suit of any Heritor within any of the said Counties, or of the Procurator Fifcail appointed by the Justices of the Peace, before the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, in that County in which such Person shall pretend to have a Qualification, and shall be paid to the said Trustees, or to their Clerk or Treasurer; and in case any such Complaint shall be brought, the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Defendant.

V. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the Trustees Meeting* of under this Act shall be held at Kinross on the Fourth Wednesday after the TrBft*«-passing of this Act; and that an annual General Meeting of the Trustees shall be held on the Third Wednesday in April in all succeeding Years during the Continuance of this Act: Provided always, that if it is the Intention

of

84 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

of any of the said Trustees to propole, at such annual General Meeting* any Alteration of the present Toll Bars, or the Duties to be collected thereat, or the Erection of any new Toll Bar, he or they shall give luffi-cient Notice thereof in Writing to the Clerk of the said Trustees, to enable him to give Fourteen Days Notice thereof in any Two Newspapers published at Edinburgh; and it shall and may be lawful for any 1 wo or more of the Trustees to summon a General Meeting at any Time when they may think it requisite, and to appoint a Day when it shall be held, provided that Notice be given of such Meeting by an Advertisement to be published in any Two Newspapers published at Edinburgh, at lead Fourteen Days previous to the Day upon which such Meeting shall be appointed to beheld, in which Advertisement particular Mention dial I be made of the Names of the Persons by whom the Meeting is called, and of the Business which they mean to bring before the fame; and provided that the said Trustees calling such General Meeting do and shall likewise, by a Writing under their Hand', give Notice thereof Fourteen Days at least before such Meeting, to the Clerk of the said Trustees, which said Clerk shall give Notice thereof in Writing under his Hind, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes on the said Roads Ten Days at least before the Day appointed for such Meeting; and the said General Meetings shall have Power to adjourn to such Times and Places as they shall think proper or convenient, and as Quommof often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act into Execution; and at

'irustee. a|i such annual and special General Meetings, Six Trustees shall be a Quo-

rum, Two of those present being of the County of Perth, Two of the County of Fife, and Two of the County of Ktnrofs; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Meeting, or at any adjourned Meeting which shall be appointed to be held by the said Trustees, a sufficient Number of Trustees to act at such Meeting, and to adjourn to another Day, then and in such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees by Notice in Wrifing under his Hand, to be affixed on all the said Turnpike Gates, and also by an Advertisement in the Newspapers above mentioned, at least Ten Days before the next Meeting, shall appoint the said Trustees to meet at the Place where the last Meeting of the said Trustees was appointed to be held, or at (ome other convenient Place, on that Day Fourteen Days on which the last Meeting of the said Trustees was appointed to be held, and that the said Trustees, at their First and all their subsequgnc Meetings shall defray their own Charges. p.

' •

Officers to be VI- And be it further enacted, That it shall ard may be lawful to and appointed. for the said Trustees at a General Meeting assembled as aforesaid, to choole and appoint fit Persons to be Treasurer or Tresfurers, Receiver or Receivers, Collector or Collectors, and Clerk or Clerks, to the said Trustees, for receiving the Tells or Duties granted or made payable by this Act; and also one or more fit Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, or such Other. Officers &s they shall think proper, and from Time to Time to remove such Freaftirers, Receivers, Colltftors, Clerks, Surveyors, or other Officers, or any of them, and to appoint new ones in ca(e of Death or Removal; and all and every Person or Persons who is, are, or shall be liable by this Act, to pay the said Tolls or Duties, are hereby required to pay the fame in to the said Collector or Collectors, or Receiver or Receivers, so from Time to Time to be appointed, after the Rates aforesaid; and the Person appointed as aforesaid for receiving the Tolls or Duties, and also such Surveyor or Sur-

9 veyors.

5^5

49' GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

veyors, shall on the Fiift Tuesday of every Month, cr at any other Time to be appointed by the said Trustees during the Continuance of this Act, give in a true, particular, exact, and perfect Account in Writing, v°*cco"nt' under their respective Hands, with their respective Vouchers, of all Money which he or they, every or any of them, have received, paid, and disbursed, by virtue of this Act, by Reason of their respective Offices, and verify the fame upon Oath, if required; and in case any overplus Money so received shall remain in their or any of their Hand?, they shall pay the fame in to the said Trustees, or to such Person or Persons as they at a General Meeting assembled shall authorize and appoint to receive the same, to be laid out and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, out of the Monty arising out of the said Tolls or Duties, to make such Allowances unto the Offi. cers lo appointed by them, for and in Consideration of their Care and Pains in the Execution of their respective Offices, and to such other Person or Persons who shall have been or may be aflftfing in making or repairing the said Roads as aforesaid, by advancing and hying out any Monies or otherwise relating thereto, as unto them shall seem good, over and above the necessary Disbursemcn.ts made by them; and in case the said Penalty for Collector or Colkftors, Receiver or Receivers, or a'ny other Person or Per- accuuiu> fons concerned in the Collection or Receipt of the aforesaid Tolls or Duties, or any of them, shall not make any such Account and Payment as to such Person or Persons according to the Orders and Directions of the said Trustees at a General Meeting assembled, that then it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties to make Enquiry of and concerning such Default, as well by the Confession of the Parties themselves, as by the Testimony of one or more credible Witness or Wicneflcs upon Oath, (which Oath any one of the said Justices is hereby empowered to administer,)or by other legal Evidence; and if any Person or Persons shall be convicted of the Offence aforesaid by the Justices, they the said Justices dial), and they are hereby empowered to impose and levy a Sum of Money from or upon such Person or Persons, not exceeding Double the Sum of Money unduly detained or misapplied; and in cale such Person or Persons shall refuse or be unable to pay the said Sum of Money so detained or misapplied by them or him, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices to commit such Person or Persons to one of the common Gaols of the said Counties, there to remain until he, she, or they shall have made and rendered a true and particular Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he, she, or they, shall have compounded and agreed with the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, (which Composition they or any Three or more of them, are hereby empowered to make), and have paid such Composition to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, or such Person or Persons as the said Trustees shall appoint: Provided always, that no such Officer or Person who shall be committed for Want of sufficient Distress, shall be detained in Prison by virtue of this Act for any longer Space of Time than Six Calendar Months.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall and they TreaHirerto are hereby required to take such Security from the Treasurer or Collector lmd Security, to be appointed for the Purposes of this Act, for the due Execution of his laid Office, a? to the said Trustees or a (Quorum of them shall seem meet.

| Lee. EsfiV.] 7/ VIII. Pro.

58&

Ti uflees not to accept a i'Uceoi Profit.

Stfte of the first I uinpike and other Turnpikes to be rre-ted ,2nd Tolls to be levied.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

VIII. Provided always,‘and be it further enacted and declared, That no Person or Persons appointed by this Act a Trustee or 1 ruftets for putting this Act in Execution, shall have or accept of any Place of Profit arising out of or by Rea Ion of any Tolls or Duties by this Act allowed to be levied, but such Person or Persons shall be incapable of aiding as a Trullee or Trustees from the Time of accepting such Place of Profit as aforesaid •, and that no Per ("on who shall keep a Public House for the Idling or retailing of Beer, Ale, or Spirituous Liquors, shall be capable to act as a Trustee, or to be appointed an Officer for the Execution of any of the Trusts or Powers of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby empowered and required to erect the first Turnpike or Gate at the bide of and across the said Great North Road reared ihe North Qiteens-ferry, in a Situation North of the Point where the Road leading f om Jnvtrklishing by sllerdour joins the said Road; and the said 1 rultces, at a General Meeting assembled as aforesaid, shall and may erect or cause to be erected aero's and at the Sides of the said Great North Road and the said Road to Dunfermline one or more other Gate or Gates, turnpike or Turnpikes, and from Time to Time to alter the Situation of the said Gates or Turnpikes, provided nevertheless that the Scire of the said first Gate shall be North of the Point aforesaid-, and the said Yiult es or some Person or Persons by them appointed, are hereby autho zed and empowered to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and iakrn at such first Gate, and at the several and respective Toll Ga'ts and Tor pikes already set up and erected, or which may hereafter be f.-t up and eretted upon the said Road, the Tolls or Duties following; that is to say.

For every Coach, Barouche, Charior, Landau, Chaise, Hearse, or any other Four-wheeled Carriage, drawn by Six or more Horses, Ma-es, Geldings, or Mules, a Sum not exceeding Nine Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Miles, a Sum not exceeding Six Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, a Sum not exceeding Four Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; and drawn by Two Hoifes, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, a Sum not exceeding Two Shillings Sterling; and diawn by One Hurfe, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, a Sum not exceeding Nine-pence Sterling: And,

For every Person who shall be fitting upon any Coach Box, Barouche Seat, or other Seat on the Outside of any Four-wheeled Carriage, noc bting a StageCoach, and notdriving the fame, if drawn by Six Hoifes, Marcs, Geldings, or Mules, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence Sterling; if drawn by Four Horses, Mares, Geldings, cr Mules, a Sum noc exceeding Two-pence Sterling; if drawn by Two Hoifes, Mates, Gelding1, or Mules, a Sum not exceeding One Penny Sterling:

For every Chaise, Curricle, Chair, or other such like Carriage, with Two Whetls, drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, a Sum not exceeding Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by One Horle, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, a Sum not exceeding Nine-pence Sterling:

For every Taxed Cart drawn by One Hoif;, a Sum not cxieeuing Sixpence Sterling:

And in addition to the said Rates respectively, there shall be paid,

For every Stage Coach, Long Coach, or other Diligence or Carriage of the

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

the like Kind, drawn by Two Horses, and licensed or employed to carry not more than Six Inside Passengers, and having no Ojtfide Passengers, a Sum not exceeding One Penny; and having Gutfide Passengers, at any Time or for any Part of the Journey, for every such Outside Paflcnger, a Sum not exceeding One Halfpenny:

For every Stage Coach, and similar Carriage as aforesaid, and drawn by Three or more Horses, and licensed or employed to carry not more than Four Inside Pafiengtrs, and having not more than Two Outside Palfen-gers, a Sum not exceeding Five-pence:

If not more than Four Inside Passengers, and having not less than Two nor more than Five Ou fide Passengers, a Sum not exceeding Eight-pence Halfpenny; and for every Oucfide Passenger above Five, a Sum not exceeding One Penny:

If more than Four and not more than Six Inside Passengers, and having not more than Two Outside PassengeTS, a Sum not exceeding Ten-pence:

If mere than Four and not more than Six Inside, and having not less than Two nor more than Five Outside Passengers, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling and Two-pence; and for every Outside Pa fenger above Five, a Sum not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny:

If licensed or employed to carry more than Six and not more than Eight Inside Passengers, and having not more than Two Outside Faffengers, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling and Two-pence:

If more than Six and not more than Eight Inside Passengers, and having not ltfs than Two nor more than Five Outside Passengers, a Sum not exceeding OneShiiling and Nine-pence; and for every Our-fide Paflcnger more than Five, a Sum not exceeding Two-pence: If more than Eight and not more than Ten Inside Passengers, and having not more than Two Outside Passengers, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling and Eleven-pence:

If more than Eight and not more than Ten Inside Passengers, and having not less than Two and not more than Five Outside i'assen-gers, a Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Eight-pence Halfpenny; and for every Outside Passenger more than Five, a Sum not exceeding Two-pence Halfpenny:

If more than Ten Inside Passengers, and having not more than Two Outside, a Sum not exceeding Two Shillings and Ten-pence; and for every additional Inside Palfenger above Ten, having Two Outside, a Sum not exceeding Four-pence; and for every additional Outside Passenger above Two, and licensed to carry Ten Inside Passengers, a Sum not exceeding Three-pence:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, where any such Carriage and the Loading thereof taken together shall not exceed Sixteen hundredweight, a Sum not exceeding Four-pence Sterling; and where such Carriage and Loading shall exceed Sixteen hundred Wtighr, and shall not exceed Twenty hundred Weight, a Sum not exceeding Sixpence Sterling; and where such Can iage and Loading shall txcced Twenty hundred Weight and shall not exceed Twenty-two hundred Weight, a Sum not exceeding Eight-pence Sterling; and where such Carriage and Loading shall exceed Twenty-two hundredWcight and shall not exceed Twenty-five hundred Weight, a Sum not exceeding Nine-pence Sterling; and in Addition to the laidTolls there shall be levied and taken in all Cafes where such Carriage and Loading exceed Twenty-

five

<588 4-9° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

five hundred Weight and shall not exceed Thirty hundred Weight, a Sum not exceeding One Penny Sterling for every One hundred Weight which such Carriage and Loading shall weigh above Twenty-five hundred Weight; and for every One hundred Weight which tuch Carriage and Loading shall weigh above Thirty hundred Weight and not Forty hundred Weight, a Sum not exceeding Two-pence Sterling; and for every Hundred Weight which such Carriage and Loading shall weigh above Forty hundred Weight, a Sum not exceeding One Shilling Sterling:

Ar.d in Addition to the above Rates upon every such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, there shall be paid for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead of Draught that shall be employed in drawing the fame, a Sum not exceeding One Penny Sterling:

For every Saddle Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, a Sum noc exceeding Three-pence Sterling:

For every other Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, a Sum not exceeding Two-pence Halfpenny Sterling: For every Drove of Oxen or neat Cattle, a Sum not exceeding One Snil-ling and Eight-pence Sterling per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or lets Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, a Sum not exceeding Ten-pence Sterling per Score, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number:

And that on every Sunday, after the Commencement of this Act, there shall be demanded and taken at the Toll Gates respectively in Addition to the Tolls herein-before made payable, before any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Cart, Carriage, or Cattle shall be permitted to pass through the fame, Double the Tolls before directed to be taken on any other Day of the Week; excepting always Medical Men going to or teturning from vifuing sick Persons.

Double Tolls ' ^nd furt'ier enacted, That in case the Owner of any Waggon, toi epiid 1 Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, shall fail to have his Name and Place of ofownCTnot ^ede, pain'ed in legible Characters upon some conspicuous Part ou carilage" of such Waggon, Wain, or Cart, the said Trustees shall older and direct the Taxman of the Tolls or the TolJgatherer, or other Person employed to collect any of the Tolls or Duties leviable under this Act, and such Taxman or Jollgatherer is hereby exp essly authoriz d and required to levy, demand, and take, at the said Turnpike Ga;e or Gates, before any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or any other such Carriage on which the Ownei’s Name shall not be so painted, pass through the fame, Double the Tolls and Duties by this Act authorized to be levied and taken.

XL. And be it further enacted, That if any Taxman, Tollgatherer, or

Toll Gather- 0,hei P^rlon employed to collect the said Tolls, shall permit any Waggon, er« guilty of Wain, Carr, or other such like Carriage on wl ich the Name and Place of Maiverfation. Abode of the Owner shall not be painted as herein-before directed, to pass any of the said Toll Ba s without exacting Double Tolls as before mentioned, or shall ab'eni himfi If from the Turnpike Gate, so as to occasion Delay to Travellers, or shall knowingly tx.d any higher Rate of Toll than w at is hereby authorized to be taken, he shall fi r every such Offence ioiffit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, One Moiety

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 31. 589

Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, the other to the Purpose s of this Act.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Waggon, Carriages with

Wain, Carr, or other such like Carriage as aforesaid, having the Fellies cert'?n, I£..1 of the Wheels chcreof of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, and scription being cylindrical, that is to say, of the fame Diameter on the Inside next j0tl.

to the Carriage, and on the Outside, and in every intermediate Parc

between the Inside and Outside, so that, when rolling on a fiat Surface, the whole Breadth of such Fellies shall bear equally on such flat Suiface, and that the opposite Ends of the Axletrees of such Carriages, as far as the same shall be inserted in the Naves of the Wheels, shall rot form an Angle with each other, but shall be in the Continuance of One straighc Line, so that in each Pair of Wheels belonging to such Carriages the lower Parts which shall rest on the Ground shall be at the fame Distance from each other as the upper Parts of the said Pair of Wheels, and further, having the Nails sunk level with the Rings on the Wheels, shall be chargeable with only Two Third Parts of the Toll herein-before granted upon Waggons, Wains, Carts, or other such like Carriages; and that every Waggon, Wain, Carr, or such like Carriage with Four Wheels* having the Fellies thereof of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, and being cylindrical, and the Nails sunk level with the Ring, as particularly before specified, shall be chargeable with only Half of the Toll hereinbefore granted upon Waggons, Wains, Carts, or similar Carriages r Provided also, that every Peribn claiming the Privileges granted to broadwheeled Carriages shall permit the same to be examined and nteaiured by any Peribn employed in the Collection of the said Tolls.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may, and they Weighing are hereby required, within Twelve Months after the passing of this Adb, to erebed/0 * eredtor cause to be eref^ed Weighing Engines at every Turnpike erected

or which shall be erected upon the said Roads, for weighing all Carts and similar Carriages which shall pals along the said Roads, in order to ascertain the Toll to betaken for such Carriage or Carriages, and that before they respect'ttvely shall be permitted to pass through such Gate or Turnpike; and for the more effectually ascertaining the Weights of all Carts as aforesaid, with the least possible Interruption to the Passengers and others travelling along the said Roads, the said Trustees are further required to erect, or cause to he erected, at the Side of every Gate or Turnpike erected or which may be erected, and in a Line with the fame, a Second Gate or Turnpike, and to place One of the said Weighing Machines in the Centre of such Second Gate; and thac all Carts as aforesaid, when laden, shall pass through the said Second Gate, and over the said Weighing Machine; and in C3fe any Person or Persons shall hinder or obstruct the weighing of any such Carriages as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be and they Ground for are hereby empowered to purchase, ftu, or lease such Pieces of Ground Toll-iiouici. as they shall judge most convenient for the Purpose ot erecting Toll-

houses, and for no other Purpose, and, when the lame shall be no longer used (or such Purpose, to dispose of the fame, and to remove the Ma-[Loc. y Per.\ 7 K terials,

59° 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

ttrials, not exceeding One Eighth Part of an Acre for each Toll-hou(e,

which every Proprietor is hereby required and empowered to convey, feu, or lease, notwithstanding ary Entail, Settlement, or other legal Bar to the contrary; and in calc such Proprietor and the Trustees cannot agree as to the Price to be paid for such Ground, then the Value thereof shall be determined by a Jury in Manner herein directed.

To'i* to tc

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case there are or shall

on e in SiV t're^tcc^ upon the Paid Roads any Turnpikes at less Distance from one

Miles" , X another than Six Statute Miles, then any Person or Persons, producing a Ticket to shew that the Toil has been paid at one of such Gates, shall not pay any Toll at the other, which shall be within Six Statute Miles of the former at which the Toll denoted by such Ticket shall have been paid; E*«pt at tke ^Ve anc^ except at the Second Turnpike or Gate on the said Road nearest first Toll the North ^ueensferry, at which the Tolls or Duties hereby granted are q'ueensfcTv.b hereby directed to be levied, although the same shall not be Six Statute Miles distant from the said First Gate, provided such Second Turnpike or Gate shall be Six Miles distant from the North Qtteens-ftrry, and also save and except the Tolls and Duties at the Bridge of Earn.

Exemptions

XVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted, That no Person from Toll, or persons shall be liable to pay any Toll or Duty at any of the Gates or Turnpikes at present ertfted or to be erected by virtue cf this Act, for any Carriage laden with or going empty for or returning empty after having been laden wiih Stones or other Materials for repairing the said Roads or any other public Roads, or Stones lor paving the Streets of any Towrv ficuated on the said Roads, or the Bridges and the Causeways belonging to the lame, nor for any Carriage or Cattle passing from one Part of a harm to another, nor for any Carts, Wains, Waggons, or other Carriages, carrying any Hay, Com in the Straw, or any other Produce of a Farm, or returning empty after having carried the lame, to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or Yards, belonging thereto (without Prejudice nevertheless to the said Tolls or Duties being paid for Hay, Corn in the Straw, or any other Produce of a Farm when carried for Sale, or for Delivery after being fold), nor for Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture, or to or from Watering Place5, being within the Firm to which they respectively belong, or going to be (hod or famed or returning therefrom *, nor shall any Toll or Duty be demanded from any Person or Persons who shall pass through the said Turnpikes to Church or Chapel, or any other Place of Religious Worflup, in the Parish within which the Person resides, upon Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor for Persons attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried within the Parish in which such Person resides; nor from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty; nor for any Horses or Carriages employed i i carrying or conveying the Mails of Letters, or Expreftcs, under the Authority of Mis Majesty's Post Matter General, either when employed in conveying the lame, or in returning after having conveyed the fame; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Care, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be employed in conveying any Qrslnance, Barra k, or Commiftariar, or other public Stores.

of

5 91

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Ul'e of His Majesty's Forces; nor for the Horses or Ca-riages of Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty•, ner foT any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying and conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or Seamen, or in carrying any Sick, Wounded, or Disabled Officers or Soldiers, or in returning from carrying or conveying the fame; nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry or Infantry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise; provided always, that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations appointed for such Corps respectively; nor for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons, travelling with and conveying Vagrants or Criminals sent with legal Passes, or returning from conveying the fame; and if any Person shall claim and take the Benefit of any of the Paid Exemptions, not being legally entitled to the fame, every such Person shall, lor every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving or caufingto be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain* Cart, or other Carriage be (lopped or detained by Reason of any Weighc many such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to High-ways or Turnpike Roads or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons having paid the Tolls or Duties herein directed to be levied, shall on the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock of the succeeding Night) be subject or liable to pay the said Tolls or Duties for the fame Coach, Barouche, Chariot, Landau, Chaise, Chair, Heaife, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or any other Sort cf Cattle, for which such Tolls or Duties shall have been paid; and the Person paying such Tolls or Duties shall, on Demand, receive a Ticket or Note signifying the Payment thereof, on producing of which he shall be allowed ro pass without further Payment}, but in cale the fame Cart or other such Wheel Carriage, Horse, Afs, or other Bead or Cattle, shall pass with a new Loading, they shall in that Cafe be subject to pay the said Tolls or Duties ft r each Time they shall so pals, in the same Manner they did the first Time

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall have paid the Toll or Duty by this Act imposed, and having a Note or Ticker Notes or Tickets, signifying the Payment of any Toll or Duty, shall give or dispose of the same to any other Penon or Persons, in order to avoid

the

Penalty of

claiming Exemption where not entitled.

Exempting Carriages with Stores.

Tolls to be paid only once a Day.

Pass Ticket for be giten.

Penalty on fraudulent Disposal of Tickets.

592 49* GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

live Payment of the said Toll or Duty, every such Person so dispofingor giving of such Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, and the Person receiving the fame being convicted thereof, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or otherwise, before any One or more Justices of Peace for any of the said Counties, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling.

Evasion of the it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the

Tolls.0" ° * said Trustees, to build Fences, and to erect Side Bars, and levy at the fame

the said several Tolls and Duties in this Act above mentioned, so as to prevent any Person or Persons, travelling the Roads hereby directed to be made or repaired, from evading the Payment of any Tolls or Duties granted by this Act.

For (hutting

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and upBye Roads, for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties, upon the Application of the said Trustees, to cause any unnecefrary Bye Road immediately connected with and leading with the Roads hereby directed to be repaired, to be (hut up as they shall judge not to be of Importance to the Public: Provided always, that Notice of the Rcfo-Jution to shut up such Roads be given by Advercisements affixed to the nearest Toll Bar, and to the Doors of the Three nearest Panfli Churches, on Two following Sundays, One Month at least before such Resolution shall be taken into Consideration, and that Three Fourths of the Trustees prtfent shall decide in favour of the Measure proposed.

Penalty rnr evading the Tolls.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons occupying incloledLands near to any Turnpike which shall be erected in pursuance of this Act, shall knowingly or willingly permit any Person or Persons to pass through the fame, or through any Gate, PafiTage, or Way, with any Coach, Cart, or other Carriage, or with any Horle, Afs, or Cattle, whereby the Payment of the Tolls or Duties by this Act imposed shall be evaded, every such Person so offending, and the Person or Persons riding or driving such Cart or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, or other Cattle, being thereof convicted, by the Testimony of one or more credible Witness or Witntfles before any one or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County where the Offence was committed, shall for every such Offence respt&ivtly foifcit and pay to the said Trustees a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling.

Permit y for forcible fr va-fiotr. of the Toll oraf-

iaultutg

OlEiiers.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons liable to pay Toll shall in a forcible Manner pals through any of the Gates on the said Roads without paying Tolls thereat, or shall assault any Colltftor of the Tolls or any other Person acting under the Authority of the Trofim, and shall be convicted of any such Offence before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County in which the Offence is committed, every Person so offending shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, besides making Payment of the Tolls to which such Person was liable.

Privity on

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at taki> g off any Time, during the Continuance of this Act, unload, or cause to be un-

iiorits. loaded, any Sort of Goods or Merchandize, or shall take off, or cause to

5 be

593

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 3 r.

be taken off, any Horse or Horses, or any Bealls of Draught from any Coach, Chaise , Chaiiot, Barouche, Landau, Ca!a!h, Chair, or Litter, or from any Waggon, Wain, Cait, or other Carriage, at or before the fame shall come to any of the Gates or Turnpikes erected by virtue of this Act, with Intent to avoid paying any Tolls or Duties hereby imposed, each and every Person so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Fcrty Shillings Sterling, one Moiety thereof to]be paid to the Informer, the other to be applied to the Purposes of this Act: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be conllrued or understood to hinder any Person from leaving Parcels at any House or Place on the said Road-.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall get off from the Top of any Stage Coach,'Long Coach, or other similar Carriage, for the Purpose of avoiding the Tolls granted and made payable by this Act •, and if any Coachman, or other Person driving the fame, shall in any Manner permit such Person so to get off from foeh Carriage for the Purpose of avoiding the Tolls, or if any Collector at any of the Ga es erected or to be erected, shall connive at the fame, they shall each of them respectively forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for each Offence, One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, the other to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the fad Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, shall, and they are hereby empowered, as they shall see convenient or think fit, to compound or agree by the Year or otherwise with any Person or Persons using to travel through the Turnpikes, and living within Three Miles of any Turnpike or Turnpikes to be erected on the said Roads, with any Coach, Barouche, Landau, Chariot, Chaile, Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage, Horse, Gelding, or Mule, or any other Beast of Draught, for any Sum or Sums to be paid Quarterly or Monthly from Time to Time after such Agreement is made; and that Copies of all such Agreements or Compositions so to be made by the said Trustees as aforesaid, shall be entered at Length in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by their Clerk or Clerks, I realurer or Treasurers, which said Books shall be leen and perused by any Person or Persons whai-soever, at all seasonable Times, without paying any Fee or Reward.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That no Compofuion shall be made for Tolls for or in respect of any Waggon, Carr, or such likeCarriage, or of any Horle or Beast drawing the fame, where such Carriage or Carriages shall, with its Lading, exceed Twenty-five hundred Weight, unless such Carriage or Carriages have the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth or Gauge and Construction in this Act before specified, and unless the Nails in such Fellies arc counterfunk, so as not to rife above the Surface.

XXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Composition Money agreed to be paid for passing through the^aidj'urnpikes or Gates, shall not be paid within Fifteen Days next after the same shall become due or payable according to such Composition or Agreement, that then it shall and may be lawful for any Two of the Justices of the Counties of Perth, Fife, and Kinrefs, upon Oath made before them that the [Lee. & Per.] 7 L fame

Penalty for Outside Passengers evading Toll.

Composition for Tolls.

Composition not allowed unless for Carriages of a certain Description.

Composition how to be recovered.

594 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

lame has been demanded and remains unpaid (which Oath the said JulliceJ are authorized to administer), to issue a Warrant under thrir Hands, empowering the Person authorized by the said Trustees to receive such Composition Money to levy what remains unpaid thereof, on the Person or Persons so retufing or neglecting to pay the fame, in Manner herein-after mentioned.

Tolls any be

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, are hereby authorized and empowered, by public Roup, to let the said Tolls or Duties and Pontage respectiveiv, ir» Whole or in Parcels, from Time to Time during the Continuance of this Act, by Lease or otherwise, for any Term not exceeding Two Years, for the highest Rate or Rates they can get for the lame, to such Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time give such good and fuflkient Security for paying thereof as shall be approved of by the said Trustees at a General Meeting, as aforesaid, and the said Magillratrs rel'pectively.

Tolls maybe

XXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at a General lessened. Meeting assembled, shall, and they are hereby empowered, with the Consent of the Persons entitled to Five Sixth Parts of the Money due upon the Credit of the said Tolls, todiminish or lefien the said Tolls as they shall see Cause, ai d to raisethe said Tolls again, so as the same shall not at any Time exceed the Tolls granted by this Act.

When Tolls

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That if at any Time before the Expira-

to cease. tion of th;s Act, the said Road shall be sufficiently amendedjand repaired, and so adjudged by the said Trustees, or a Quorum of them as aforesaid, at a General Meeting assembled, that then and after such Adjudication made, and the Sums so borrowed as aforesaid paid oflF, the Tolls and Duties hereby granted shall ceale in Whole, or be diminished in such Proportions as the said Trustees or a Quorum of them as aforesaid shall determine.

Application of

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That the Money to be raised and col-Dutie*nd leered as aforesaid, shall, and is hereby declared to be vested in the said Trufftees, and the fame and every Part thereof shall be paid, applied, and aifpoled of, and assigned to and for the several Uses and Purposes by this Act directed, and to no other Purpose whatsoever; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or a Quorum of them, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to demand and rake the Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable; and if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame, the said Trustees are hereby empowered, by themselves, or such Person or Persons as they, or a which may be Quorum of them as aforesaid, shall authorize and appoint, to levy each Distrefty a°d every Tolls and Duties, by Distress and Sale of any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle or Goods, upon which Tolls or Duties are by this Act imposed, or by Distress and Sale of any other of the Goods and Effects of such Person so refusing to pay the said Tolls and Duties, and to keep and detain such Goods and Effects so distrained, until such Toll or Duty, with the reasonable Charges of such D stress, shall be paid; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so dil-training, after the Space of Six Days after such Distress shall be made and taken, to appraise and fell the Goods so distrained, returning the r 1 Overplus

595

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

Overplus (if any there be) upon Demand, to the Owners thereof, after such Tolls or Duties, and the reasonable Charges ol distraining, keeping, and felling the fame, shall be deducted and paid.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, at any of their Annual General Meetings, or at a General Meeting called for that Purpose, to borrow such Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls, for altering or repairing the said Roads, as they shall judge necessary for that Purpose, (including the Sums already owing on the Credit of the said Tolls), not exceeding such Amount as the Tolls or Duties aforesaid shall be sufficient to pay the Interred thereof, and to set apart yearly and every Year, a certain Proportion thereof for a Sinking Fund, in Manner after mentioned, exclusive of the Sum ot Three thousand Pounds by the said last recited Act authorized to be borrowed for the Purpose of building a Bridge over the River Earn, in rmore convenient Situation, if that shall be judged expedient.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Lid Trustees may, and they

are hereby empowered to assign and make over the Whole or any Part of the Toils or Duties and Pontage respectively, to be levied and col-lested upon the said Roads, to the Person or Persons from whom the said respective Sums as aforesaid shall be borrowed, as a Security for the Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so lent by them, with the Interest thereupon. ,

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That for every Sum or Sums of Money which shall hereafter be borrowed by the said Trustees, on the Credit of the said Tolls or Duties as aforesaid, the said Trustees shall set aside and apportion a certain annual Sum arising «uc of the Produce of the said Tolls, as a Sinking Fund for the Redemption of the Sums so borrowed, over and above the Interest payable for the Sums so borrowed as aforesaid; and that the said Sum so set aside as a Sinking Fund shall not be in a leis Proportion to the Sum or Sums so borrowed than Three per Centum per Annum, nor in a greater Proportion than Five per Centum per Annum.

XXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Money shall be borrowed by the said Trustees, on the Credit of the said Tolls or Duties alter their First Meeting, unless Notice for that Purpose shall be pub-lilhcd in Two Edinburgh Newspapers, at lead Fourteen Days before the borrowing of such Money; and the Assignment of the Toll Duties for all or any Sum or Sums of Money so borrowed, shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the said Trustees and Magistrates respectively, or such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; which Book may be seen and perused at all seasonable Times, by any Person or Persons, without Fee or Reward.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall keepan exact Account of the Money received by virtue of this Act, and the Application thereof, and all other their Proceedings, and enter the fame in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; to which B >ok or Books any of the Trustees above mentioned shall, at all reasonable Times be at Liberty to resort, and to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward.

Money to bt borrowed.

Tolls may be assigned.

Sinking Fund established

Notice of bo< rowing and Entry of Alignments

Accounts to be kept by the Trustees-

596 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 21.

No Monry to

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Sum and Sums o until! order of Money arising and levied by virtue of this Act shall not be laid out or of the Trustees. expended without the Order of the said Trustees, at a General Meeting assembled, or cf such Person or Persons as they, or a Quorum of them, as aforesaid, shall authorize and appoint.

Application of

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Money which shall be le-Money. vied in virtue of this Act shall be applied in repairing, altering,^ and amending the said Roads, and in erecting and repairing Biidges thereon.

Penalty for

XL. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Misapplication of Mjifzpplica- tj,g \/]oncy rolltft'rd, received, or levied by virtue of this Act, all and every Person or Persons who shall so misapply, or by whole Authority the same shall be misapplied, shall forieit and pay Double the Sums lo misapplied, to be recovered from him or them, at the Suit of any 1 hrec or more Heritors within the said Counties of Perth, Fife, and Kinross, possessed ot Two hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, who are hereby authorized to sue for and recover the fame, in a summary Action before the Judge Ordinary, with Costs of Suit; One Moiety ol which Fin Tenure shall belong to the Persons who sue for the same, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the said Trustees, to be applied by them, as aforesaid, for the repairing of the Roads by this Act directed to be repaired; but if any such Profecudon shall, after Trial, be found vexatious and groundless, the Prosecutor or Prosecutors shall be liable to pay Double Costs.

Roads may be

XLI. And be it further enacted, That where any Part of the said Roads widened to js not of a sufficient Breadth, according to the lowest legal Hate and

" ‘ ' Standard of Twenty-five Feet, including the Ditches or Water-runs ac

the Side of the Roads, it shall and may be lawful for any Two of the said Trustees to widen and extend the Breadth of the said Roads to the said legal Standard, without giving any Comp, nfation to the adjoining Proprietors on that Account.

Power toalter XL.II. And be it further enacted, That where it shall appear necessary or and widen convenient to the said Trustees to alter the Course or Situation of toe said Korth Road Great North Road, at an Annual or General Meeting called for that Purpose by Public Advertisement, or to widen the fame beyond the said legal Standard, then the said Trustees so assembled, shall and they are hereby empowered toalter the CornfeorDireftion of the said Roads or any Part there-of,or to extend ihefame to such Bread.h as they shall think proper, not exceeding Fifty Feet, including Ditches as aforesaid, and for that Purpose to pull down any House, the outside Walls of which do not exceed Twelve Feet in Height; provided that in any such Alteration of the said Roads, the fame or any Part thereof be not brought nearer than Two hundred Yards to the Mansion House or ordinary Rtfidence of the Proprietor of the Lands through which such Hoads shall be made, and so as that the fame do not pass through any Garden, Orchard, Park, planted Walk, or any Avenue to any such House, nor any Piece or Parcel of inclosed Ground which before the passing of this Act shall have been used and set apart as aNurfery for Trees; and that the said Trustees shall pay such Damages to the Owners and Occupiers respectively of any Lands, Grounds, or Houses which shall be

I damaged

49° GEORGII III. Cap.^x. 597

damaged by altering cr widening the said Roads, or any Part thereof, beyond the legal Standard, or by pulling clown any House or Houses at the said Trustees shall judge fair and reasonable, but if any such Owners or Occupiers shall not be fatbfie 1 with the Offer made to them by the said Trustees or shall refute to treat with them, they shall apply to the Sheriff of the County in which the Ground is fuuated, who upon such Application is hereby authorized and required to summon a competent Number of discreet, substantial, and diiintertfted P.rfonS, being either Owners or Occupiers of Land within the County, not less than Thirty nor more than Forty, to come and appear before him at such Time and Place as by his War'anc and Precept shall be directed, Intimation of Fifteen Days being given by the Trustees of such Appointment, to the Party or his known Agent; and the Number of the Persons who shall attend shall then be reduced to Fifteen by the Trustees and the Proprietors (biking off one alternately, beginning on the Part of the Proprietor, or in case both Panics shall not appear, by the Sheriff Depute (hiking off until it be so reduced; and the remaining Fifteen being duly (worn, the Sheriff shall proceed to examine upon Oath in their Presence, such Witnesses as shall be summoned by either Parry; and upon their Depositions and other competent Ev dence, such Jury shall determine the Price to be paid by the said Trustees, and their Verdiil shall be final and conclusive on all Parties, without being fub;e£t to Review or Stay by Advocation, Suspension, or Reduction, or in any Manner whatsoever; and the Sheriff shall thereupon order Payment to be made of the Sums awarded by the Jury, and shall ordain the Owners and Occupiers of the Grounds, or their Trustees, Tutors, Curators, or Administrators, upon Payment or lawful Tender thereof, quietly to permit and suffcr the said Trustees to uke Possession of the Grounds.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if such Jury shall, by Expenses of their Verdict, adjudge the said Premises to be of greater Value than the Jury by whom said Trustees shall have offered for the fame, but leis than the Owner or tobePai<1, Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, shall have required, the Expence of such Jury shall be borne and defrayed by such Trustees and such Owner or Occupier equally j but in case the said Jury shall award 10 such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, the Sum required or any greater Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Trustees; and in case the said Jury shall award the Sum so offered by the said Trustees or any less Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided also, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by Reason of Absence, have been pie-vented from treating, such Expences shall be borne by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That all Lands and Houses which may Hew Lands be acquired by the said Trustees in pursuance of this Act, shall be veiled a,obe in the said Trustees by the simple Discharge for the agreed Price, or ap- the TYufte* praized Value thereof, or by Consignation of the said Price or Value in the ol *hi* AcU Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank thereof, in Manner herein directed, as the Case may be-, and it shall be sufficient to record the Discharge, or the Voucher of Consignation, in the Sheriff Court Books of 'any of the said Counties respectively wherein such Lands or Houses shall be situated, whereupon the Trustees shall be entitled to take and use the said Lands fLee. & Per.') jM and

$9$ 49" GEORGII III. C*p.$i.

and Houses and shall hold the same as validly artd effeflttally, to all fn-tents and Purposes, as if the respective Owners thereof had executed in their Favour regular Dispofnions of the fame, and InfeOftrtients had followed thereupon.

p'<And be it furthtr enacted, That the said Ttoftees shall be, and powered to they are hereby empowered to take and acquire, and ill Bodies Politic,

convey. Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Heirs of

Entail, Husbands, Trustee!-, Tutors, and Curators, sftd all find every Person and Persons whatsoever, though under any legal Disability or Incapacity, are hereby empowered and requihd to fell, feu, let, ind cOftvey, all such Lands or Houses as may be nettfiary for the making, altering. Or widening the said Roads or any of them, and erecting any Toll Bar or Toll House, or for during Materials or otherwise, where Ground is necessary for the Purposes of this Act, upon such Satisfaction being made to the Proprietor or Proprietors, and Occupier or Occupiers, as can he fcgTeed Upon by and between the said Trustees and such Proprietor Or Proprietor*, Occupier or Occupiers; and in the F.vent that they ettnnot agree, then upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be awarded 'by 'a Jury in the Manner herein-before directed.

Application of

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or don1exceed- awarckd to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages purch.fed, ing jool. taken, or used by virtue of the Pow’cts of this Act, for the Purposes . thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subjtfit to Life Rtfits, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, rr shall belong to any Corporation, married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disabilicy or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, or such other Bank as the said Court shall direct, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by-an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes-, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Tfdfts, intents, and Purposes, arid in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as dfare-said, (food settled or limited, or ftidh of them as 3c the "Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing 'Undetermined and capable of taking Effect-, ind in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being fray>c been entitled 10 to

39 9

4.90 G E OR G11 III. Cap. i r.

<o the Rents and Profits of the Linds, Tenements, and Heritages To hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchas'e or Settlement wtre made.

XLVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages purcl.afeo-taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person under Disability or Incapacity as aforpf.id, shall be lel6 than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cafes the lame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenemenrs, or Heritages so purchased,taken, or uftb, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunrcy, to be figoffied in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and placed to hi? or theif Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option, co Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Wiiiing under the Hands of the nomi-nati ig and approving Parties), in older that such Principal Money, and the Inttrefl arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner hetein-before directed, as far as the Case be applicable.

XLVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Mone so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Ufcof the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Pr.fi s of iheLands, Tenements, or Heritages lopurchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, shall think fir, or jn case of Infancy cr Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled reflectively.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchased by virtue of this •Atffj Hull reiufe to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to ihc Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Manty shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money fp awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, ar Royal Bank of Scotland, or such other Bank as the said Court shall direct, to the Credit of the Parcies interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages (describing them), subject to the Order, Controul, and DiC-position of the Coure of Seffijs, which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Monty, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Coure shall seem

meet.

Application' when Com-prnl'ation less than lool. but exceeds aol.

Application when Money Ids than iol.

In case of not

making out Titles, or where Persons cannot be found.

600 4g0 GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, Recording to the respective Estate or Estate>, Title or Inierert, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such Order in the Premises, as to the said Court shall seem just and reafwable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank ol Scotland, cr Roy al Bank of Scotland, or such other Bank as the said Court shall direct, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specilying for what and for whole Use the fame is or are received, to Inch Person or Persons as shall pay such Sum or Sums of Money into the Backs as aforesaid.

Incite of L. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise questionable touching the Title of any Person ro any Money to be paid into the said Banks in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heiitages, or of any Estate, Right, or I terest in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages to be purchufed in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money, and thelnterest thereof, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly j unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possessi >n was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or to some Eftace or Interest therein.

Court imy

LI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That , where by order Kxpen- reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corpo-teVtobe^aid1" rat’on to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased

F ’ under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchasts from Time to T-me to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necefljry Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay f such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

Tnifleestn

LII. And be it further enacted, That after the Alteration of the said ibiedt» main- Road shall have been completed, it shall and may be lawful for the said ftnt aVweu'at Lrustees, if they shall see fit, to keep and maintain the present Line of thenewLine. Road, or any Part thereof, for the Use and Accommodation of the Public, as well as the new Line, and that they shall be at Liberty to collect thereon the said several Duties by this Act granted: Provided always, that if any Person driving any Cattle of 'whatever Description, shall prefer using or travelling along the said old Line of Road, they shall receive a Dcdudlion from the Duties leviable under the Authority of

6oi

490 GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

of this Act, at the Rate of a Sum not exceeding Eight-pence per Score; and if any Person driving any Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, shall prefer the Lid old Line of Road, they shall be entitled to a Deduction from the Duties leviable under the Authority of this Act, at the Rate of a Sum not exceeding Four-pence per Score; and the said Trustees may and they are hereby empowered to lay out and expend from Time to Time a reasonable Sutn upon the Repair of the said old Line of Road so used by Persons driving Cattle as aforesaid.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Trustees Old assembled at a General Meeting as aforesaid. shall, and they are hereby au- may c thorized and empowered, as soon as the said new Roads shall be completed and made passable and convenient for Callages, to fell the Grounds comprized in or through which so much of the old or former Roads did lead, as shall not be kept up and maintained by the said Trustees, to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to become Purch Lets thereof, for the bed Price that can be reasonably gotten for the fame, the Person through whose Grounds the old Roads pafltd having always the Preference of Fur-chafe; and in case the said Trustees and such Person shall not agree as to the Price to be paid therefore, then the same shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner therein directed; and Affidavit shall be made by the Clerk to the Trustees of such Offer of Pres fence having been made, and the Money arising by such Sale shall be applied and disposed of for amending the said Roads; and the Sale and Conveyance and Conveyances to be made of such Lands and Grounds comprized in the said old Roads being executed by the said Trustees or a Quorum of them, shall be good and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

I.IV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Trustees shall think proper to alter the present Course of the said Road between Ke'.lybridge of Kmroft* and Cauljdam, by carrying it further to the Eastward, they shall be bound with Coal, to make a Branch of Communication between the new and prefect Road, or to keep in Repair Part of the present Road, in such Manner as they shall judge most convenient for supplying with Coals the Town of Kinross and Ports adjacent.

LV. Provided always, and.be it further enacted, That all and every Per- PersonsUabie son or Persons, who are by any particular Law cr Custom chargeable 3theRoaJ« towards repairing and amending any particular Parc of the said Roads to continue so. hereby intended to be repaired, shall remain chargeable as he or they were before the passing of this Act; and the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby declared to be empowered to treat and agree for any Sum of Money to be paid yearly, or otherwise, with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, chargeable with the Repairs of any Part of the Roads ciirested to be repaired by this Act, or any Bridge upon the fame in liftr of such Repairs, and ailo for the Payments of any Sum out of the Tolls granted by this Act, by the Year or otherwise, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, or Corporate, entitled to any Toil or Duty at any Place upon the said Roads, by Reason of any Usage ui otherwise.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall before they For eMaJ open any Part of the said new Line of the said North Road for the Accom- Parapet Waite.

[Lee. W Per.J 7 Ar niodation

6o 2

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 3 1.

modation of die Publ:c, erect or cause to be erected, good and sufficient Parapet Walls on the Sides of all the Bridges, and upon the Sides of the Road where the lame shall be dangerous for Persons passing along the fn’d Road, and th?v shall from Time to Time repair and keep in proper ■Repair tire said Walls or Parapets along the Whole of the said Road for the Purposes aforesaid.

to

LVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, to icrr.-uc. make and maintain along the Whole of the Road now made or to be made, a safe and convenient Footpath or Footpaths, for the Accommodation of Foot Passengers; and that if any Person shall ride upon the Paths made, or which may be made, along the Sides of any Part of the said Road, for the Benefit of Foot Passengers, or shall in any way wantonly hurt or injure the fame, he shall for evcty such Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, to be recovered and levied in Manner herein-after directed.

Directions for

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, after the the Road r°f Pa^ln§ this Act, keep and maintain conllantly in their Service, as J"" many Labourers as to them may seem proper, being, however, in a Proportion not less than Two Labourers for every Three Miles, for the Purpose of keening the said Road in constant and effectual Repair, by filling up the different Holts and Inequalities as often as they appear, filling up the Ruts made in the Summer Road, preventing the Summer Road from being worn away from the gravelled Part of the Road, and letting off the stagnant Waier; and that for these Purposes the said Labourers shall ^e provided with proper and fit Wheelbarrows and Tool-.

Mud to he

LIX. And whereas great Part of the Expence incurred in repairing the scrapcdoffihe said Road, especially that Part thereof which is used by Cares carrying Coals along the lame, is occasioned by a Want of due Attention on the Part of the said Trustees and the Perfims employed under them, in having the Mud properly leraped off the said Road, be it enacted, That the f.tid Trustees shall provide the above mentioned LaOourers with a proper Sec of feraping Tool', ard that they take Care for the future thac the said Road lie kept properly cleaned as aforesaid, the Mud to be laid up in proper Heaps, and to be removed thence from Time to Time, and the said Trustees may contrail for the felling the said Scrapings of the Road with any Person willing to buy the fame, such Contrail not to endure for any Period greater than Twelve Calendar Months.

Materials for

LX. And be it further enacted, That^it shall and may'be lawful for the repairing the Surveyor or Surveyors appointed by the said Trustees, or for such Per-iKoad' Tons as he or they shall appoint, by an Order of any Two or more of the

Trustees, to dig, gather, take, and carry away, any Gravel, Sand, Stones, Furze, Heath, or other Materials, for making or repairing the said Roads, out of any Watte or Common in the said Counties, without paying anyjCon-sideration on that Account, and also cut ot t he Property or Lands of any Person or Persons whtre such Materials are and may tie found {paying for the same), not within Two hundred Yards of the Mansion fL'Use or ordinary Residence of the Proprietor of the Ground qualified as aforesaid, nor our of . any Garden, Orchard, Park, or Ground, set apart and used as aNurfery or

Plantation for Trees before the passing of this Act j but it shall not be ia

the

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 31. 603

the Power of any Proprietor or Occupier of such Lands, by any Operations he may carry on, to deprive the Trustees of the Right of resorting to fucti Quarries and Gravel Pits as they have been in use to work for that Purpose, and have actually worked at any Time within Three Years preceding; but the said Trustees shall pay to the Owners and Occupiers of the said Grounds ref’peftively, from whence Stones, Gravel, or ether Materials have been taken away, or over which the same shall have been carried, such Damage as they shall fuftrin thereby, the Amount of which shall be settled by any Twoor more Justices of the Peace living in the Neighbourhood from whence the fame Materials are taken; and in case of any Difference between such Owners and Occupiers and the said Trustees, touch, ing such Damages as aforesaid, the said Justices shall and may judge and finally determine the fame; but !uch Disputes or Differences shall not, in the mean Time, hinder the using or carrying off the said Materials, and applying the same towards the repairing the Roads.

LXI. Provided always, nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it Notice tote, shall not be lawful for any Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons E'v£n‘ under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take and carry away. Materials for making or repairing the said Roads, to or from any indofed Lands or Grounds, without Authority in Wii.ing from the said Trustees, and until Notice in Writing (halt have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence, to appear before the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or Two Justices of the Peace acting for the Counties of Fife, Kinroft, and Perth, or either of them, to shew Cause why such Materials should not be had from such Lands or Grounds.; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice, the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorise such Surveyor or < ther Persons to dig, take and carry away, such Materials at such Time or Times, as to such Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or to such Justices shall seem proper, and if such Occupier shall nrgled or refu'fe to appear, by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, or such Justices shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended,

LXTI. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Place, for Trustees or their Contrador, for the Purpose of lepairing the Lid Roads, or any other Person whatever, to lay any Stones, broken or unbroken Gravel, or any other Obstruction whatever upon the Sides of the said Roads, but the Trustees and their Overseers, or Persons contracting with them, are hereby required to provide proper Places as Repositories along the whole Line of the said Roads, for the Materials for repairing the fan e, and they are hereby empowered to purchase such Ground (or the said P;-r-pol'es, and t( e Proprietors are required to sell the same in Manner aforesaid, or to pay for any Damages occasioned by the Ground being occupied by such Repofuor.es; and if the said Contrador, or any Person or Persons, shall, nevertheless, lay any such Stones or other Things upon the Sides of the Roads, the Person so offending, shall, fur every Offence, forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling; one Moiety payable to the Informer, the other Moiety to the Purposes of this Act- Provided also

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

also, that after the said Trustees shall have made and completed any Part of the said new Line of Road, and before the same shall be opened for the Use of the Public, they shall and are hereby directed to fee that a proper and Efficient Quantity of Materials for keeping in Repair the said Rote's, is placed in the said several Repositories, and that the Trustees or their Over'eers, do from Time to Time fee that a sufficient Quantity of such Materials be kept so deposited for that Purpose.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Houses, after the parting cf this Act, be built near the Sides of the said Roads, or in any Villages, < r in cafeany Houses or other Buildings of any Kind, shall be trested at or near the Outlets of any Town where Houses have not formerly been built orertfted, no such House or other Building, nor any Wall cr Fence of Stone, Brick, or Wood, of a greater Height than Six Feet, shall be built within the Distance of Twenty-five Feet from the Centre of the said Roads, under the Penalty of Five Pounds Sterling, for every Offence, and the Exppnce of demoltlhing such House or Edifice; and it shall be lawful for any One or more of the said Trustees, to flop the building or erecting of every such House or Building as he or they shall apprehend to be within the said Distance from the Side of the said Roads, by an Order in Writing, under his or their Hand or Hands, until such Time as sufficient Evidence shall be given, that such Building shall be built or erected beyond the Distance aforesaid; and if such Proof shall not be addpced at or before the next General Quarter Sessions for the County, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the said Trustees, to order such Building to be pulled down and removed at the Expence of the Ereftpr, or of the Occupier of the Ground, and to grant a Warrant for levying the said Penalty in the Manner as herein-after mentioned.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That before any Grounds are inclosed building to be for Gardens, Orchards, Walks, or Avenues, along the Sides of the said given. Roads or Buildings erected thereupon, the Proprietors or Tenants so in-

tending to inclose or build, shall lodge an Intimation in Writing of such being their Intention, with the Clerk to the Trustees. Twenty Days at lead before beginning the Work, and that under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, to be prosecuted for and recovered by the Procurator Fiscal, or any of the Trustees, the Penalty to be applied one Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the Purposes of this Act; which Penalties shall be recovered and levied in the same Manner as any other Penalty and Forfeiture is hereby directed to be recovered and levied and in case any Building is erected without such Notice being given, the Trustees shall have Power to cause the same to be demolished or pulled down at the Expence of the Person who shall have erected the same.

Treesnoitobe

LXV. And be it further enacted, That no Person shall plant any Trees

planted within within Twenty-five Feet from the Centre of the said Roads under the Pe-Dirtaifr" of nahy of Five Pounds for every such Offence, and the Expence of removing the Road. the said Trees; and it shall and may be lawful for any one or more of the said Trustees to flop the planting of the said Trees which he or they shall apprehend to be within the said Diltance from the Side of the said Roads, by an Order in Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, until such Time as sufficient Evidence shall be given to the badsfaclion of any Two Justices of the Peace that such Trees shall be p!anted beyond the Distance

ifjrefaici.

Buildings not to be within a certain Distance of the Middle of the Road.

604

605

49° GEORGII III. Cap. ir.

aforesaid, and if such Evidence shall not be given before the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace for the County in which the Trees are planted, it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of the said Trustees to order the said Trees to be taken up and removed at the Expence of the Person who planted the fame, and to grant a Warrant for levying the said Penalty in the Manner as herein-after mentioned.

LXVI. And be it enacted and declared, That the said Trustees shall and may canfe the said Roads to be measured, and Stones cf Whin or Granite, measure or Pods denoting the Distance, to be erected upon the said Roads, or near the Sides thereof, at the End of each Mile, or such other Distance as they shall think convenient; and that they shall also cause proper Direction Posts to be erected where they shall judge it necessary.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Penalty for wilfully break, destroy, damage, pull up, or remove any such Stones or Posts, or alter, obliterate, or deface any Letters or Figures that shall be a«. made, inscribed, or put thereon, or shall destroy, injure, or damage the Parapets or any other Parts of the said Bridges on the said Roads, or any of the said Gates or Turnpikes, or any of the said Toll Houses erected or to be erected, or any other Works belonging to the said Trustees, or shall be aiding or assisting thereto, or shall rescue any Person in Custody for any of the said Offences, and shall be thereof convicted by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County in which the Offence is committed, or where the Offender resides, such Person or Persons so offending shall pay the Whole of the Damages and Expences sustained by the Trusteea in the said Roads, and shall respectively forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds for every such Offence, to be levied and recovered in the same Manner as other Penalties are by this Act directed to be levied and recovered; and such Forfeitures shall be applied One Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety in repairing the Stones, Posts, Parapets, Gates, Turnpikes, Toll Houses, or other Works so broken, pulled up, damaged, or defaced, or in supplying new ones in their Stead; and if there shall be any Overplus of such Forfeitures the same shall be laid out in repairing such Roads as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for any Person brevi manu to seize and carry any such Offender or Offenders in any of the above Particulars, before any Justice of the Peace, for the Purpose of Conviction.

LXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Drag Iron or other Drag irons to Instrument shall be affixed under the Sole or Bottom of the Wheel or Wheels bc fiat-of any Waggon or other Carriage passing along the said Roads, to make the Passage of such Waggon or Carnage more safe down steep Hills, every such Drag Iron or other Instrument shall be flat at the Bottom or Sole thereof, and shall not be of lei's Breadth than the Fellies of the Wheels under which the same shall be affixed, on pain of the Owner of every such Waggon or other Carriage forfeiting a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Persons having Hedges or Trc-srmd Trees on the Sides of the said Roads shall be obliged to dress and lop the fame 10 at a proper Season of the Year, in such a Manner that the said Pled' ’

[Lee. Per.] 7 0 fh.U

6o6

Ditches to be scoured.

Passages and Drains into lields to be made so as not to prejudice ' the Road.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

shall not exceed] the Height of Five Feet from the Level of the Road', and so that no Part of any of the said Hedges or Trees shall overhang the Roads or Drains at the Sides thereof, and if they shall refuse or neglect so to do within Twenty-one Days after Notice given in Writing by the said Trustees, or any Two of them, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order the same to be dressed and lopped in a proper Manner, and at a proper Season, at the Charge and Expence of the Owner of such Trees and Fences, to be recovered in the same Manner as other Penalties by this Act imposed.

LXX. And be it further’enacted, That all Ditches or Drains which have been already made, or which hereafter shall be made, along the Sides of the said Roads, shall be scoured, cleaned, and kept in Repair, at the joint Expence of the said Trustees, and the Proprietor or Occupier of the Lands through which any such Ditches or Drains are or shall be made; and it shall be lawful to, and in the Power of the said Trustees to call upon the Proprietors and Occupiers of Land, or either of them for the Time being, to perform the whole Work necessary for keeping the said Ditches and Drains clean, and in good Order, upon Payment, making a lawful Tender to them of the One-half of the Expence thereof, to be ascertained when the Work is finished; and in case the Proprietor or Occupier for the Time shall neglect or refuse to clean and repair the said Ditches or Drains, after Ten Days Intimation to that Effect, the said Trustees or any Two or more of them shall be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to cause. the said Ditches and Drains to be cleaned and put in repair, at the joint Expence of the Proprietor and Occupier or either of them, and the Trustees as aforesaid, and the said Proprietor and Occupier or either of them shall be liable to the said Trustees for the One-half of the Expence disbursed by them in cleaning and fcounng the said Ditches and Drains, to be recovered in Manner hereinafter directed: Provided always, that it shall and may be lawful for the said Proprietor or Occupier to apply in the same Manner to the said Trustees for One-half of the Expence disbursed by them in cleaning and scouring the said Ditches and Drains, and that the said Proprietor or Occupier shall and he is hereby empowered to proceed against the said Trustees in the same Manner and to the fame Extent as the Trustees are herein-before authorized and empowered to proceed against him.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That when any Passage shall be made for Cattle or Carriages from any of the said Roads, for the Convenience of any Proprietor or Occupier into whose Ground it passes, such Proprietor or Occupier shall always cover the Drains crofting the Sides of the said Roads with sufficient Stone Work, in such a Manner as the Course of the Water in the Drains may not be interrupted or the Roads thereby prejudiced; and that no Occupier of Lands shall turn any Water upon the Sides of any of the said Roads, nor conduct any Water across any of the said Roads for the meliorating of his Fields, or other Purposes, until he shall have applied for and obtained the Consent of any Two of the said Trustees; and every such Proprietor or Occupier shall be obliged to carry die Water across the Roads in a covered Drain of such Depth and Qon-(trustionas that the Watermay not prejudice the Roads; and in case the said Owner or Occupier shall neglect or refuse to do the fame, after Ten Days previous Notice given to that Effect, the said Trustees shall be, apd they 1 aie

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 31. 607

are hereby empowered to execute and perform the said several Matter* and Things hereby ordered and directed to be done, and to charge and levy the Expence of doing the fame on the said Proprietor or Owner in Manner herein-after directed.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Surveyor or Surveyors, and for such Person or Persons as they shall th[0Ugh ad-appoint, by Order of the said Trustees, or any Two or more of them, to j oining Lands, make such Trenches, Ditches, or Drains, with proper Passages and Out-lets for the fame, through any Lands contiguous to the said Roads, as they shall judge necessary for the better repairing and upholding the said Roads, and for conveying away the Water from the Ditches which are or hereafter shall be made along the Sides of the said Roads; and after such Passages and Outlets have been so made, the Proprietor or Occupier of such Ground shall be obliged, in all Times thereafter, to keep clear such Outlets and Passages from the said Trenches and Ditches, from Time to Time, as they shall be required by the said Trustees or any Two or more of them, so as the Outlets may not be flopped or made to reftagnate in the said Ditches or Trenches, but may have freePassage through the said Proprietors or Occupiers Grounds; and in case of the Proprietor or Occu. pier neglecting or refuting to clear or cleanse such Outlets, when duly required by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, or any Two of the Trustees, then and in that Cafe such Trustees shall have Power to cleanse such Outlets and Passages, and levy the Expence thereof, on the Owner or Proprietor of such Grounds in Manner herein-after mentioned.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall» Horses and from and after the passing of this Act, pasture, or leave, or allow to be paf-tured and left, on the said Roads, any Horses, Sheep, Cows, or other Road. Beftia), it shall and may be lawful for any One or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County in which the same shall be committed, upon Application made to him by any Heritor or Occupier in the said County, or by any Person or Persons having Authority from the said Trustees, to issue his or their Warrant for apprehending the Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, and to bring him before him or them for Examination, and upon such Offender or Offenders being convicted of such Offence by the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or the Oath or Confession of the Party so offending, ic shall and may be lawful for such Justice or Justices of the Peace to fine such Offender or Offenders severally in any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings-Sterling for each and every Offence, One Moiety to be paid to the Informer, the other Moiety to the Prosecutor.

LXXIV. And be it also enacted, That it shall not be lawfuffor any Person Carriage* no* or Persons to put, or allow to remain, unnecessarily, any Carts or Car- {jJebj[lej on jiages, whether loaded or unloaded, upon any Part of the said Roads, under a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling for each Offence,

One Moiety being payable to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Purposes of this Act.

LXXV. And be it enacted, That no Person shall lay or cause to be laid Rubbi/h no* any Timber, Stones, Lime, Dung, Soil, Comport, Ashes, Rubbi(b, or other bc laid

Matter the Road’

6o8

Head Ridge* to be made and Gates to open inwards

Timber, kc. not to be dragged upon the Road.

Subscription* to be paid.

TruHees mar

afias Justices.

49° GEORGII III. Cap.$i.

Matter upon any Part of the said Roads, or upon any of the Streets of

any of the Towns or Villages through which the said Roads pass, or within Ten Feet of the fame, not being within a Wall or Fence separating the Ground on which such Matter is laid Irom the Roads; and every Person so offending shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling for each Offence, One Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the Purposes of this Act.

LXXVI. And, for the further preventing Annoyances in or upon the said Roads, be it enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act . every Person, in ploughing any Field contiguous to the said Roads, shall always make Head Ridges along the Sides of the said Roads, of the Breadth of Eight Feet at lead; and all Gates upon Inclosures next to any of the said Roads shall be made to open Inwards to the Field; and no Person or Persons whatever shall lay any dead Horse or other Carrion upon any of the said Roads, or within Twenty Yards of the Sides of any of the said Roads, (except in case of Accident, when the same shall be removed as soon as the Owners or Persons having the Charge thereof reasonably can), under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling.

LXXVII. And be it further enacted, That'if any Person or Persons shall haul or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, or any Plough, Harrow, or any Thing whatsoever, otherwise than upon Wheel Carriages, or shall carry or cause to be carried any Tree, Log, or Piece of Timber, exceeding Twenty-four Feet in Length, otherwise than on Four Wheels, or shall suffer any of the Things above mentioned, or any other Thing whatsoever, which shall be conveyed upon iWbeel Carriages, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads, every Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, One Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, the other to the Purposes of this Act.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who has or have subscribed towards making and repairing the Roads hereby intended to be made and repaired, shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their Subscription Money at the Time and Place to be appointed by the said Trullees, or any Three or more of them, it shall and may ba lawful to and for the said Trullees, or any Three or more of them, to sue for and recover the fame in any Court competent, declaring that the Subscription Money actually paid shall be a preferable Lien and Burthen upon the Toils collected upon the Roads for the Use whereof the Money was subscribed in Favour of the Person or Persons paying, and his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Assigns, until Repayment thereof.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That any Trustee appointed to put this Act inExecution, who is or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the Counties of Perth, Fife, or Kinross respectively, shall and may act as ajultice of the Peace within his respective Jurisdiction, for the more effectually putting in Execution the several Authorities and Powers in this preen! Act mentioned and contained, notwithstanding such Justice of the

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 31. 609

the Peace is 01 shall be a Trustee as aforesaid, or a Creditor upon the Tolls.

LXXX. And be it enacted, That in all Cafes where any Dispute, Suit, or roilGatherer«

• . * . 1 4 1 may give tvi*

Litigation shall arise, touching, concerning, or in anyways relating to d n'e the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to r.olledt the lame, or any other Person or Persons ailing by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not by Keafon thereof be disqualified from giving Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That all Tolls, Duties, Penalties, Recovery of and Forfeitures by this Act imposed (if not otherwise directed to PenaltR'1, be levied by this Act) shall be levied by Dilirefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands of any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the County in which the fame might have been exaited, or where the Ostence was committed; and the Persons didraining for the same are hereby authorized and empowered to fell the Goods and Effects I'o distrained, and to return the overplus Money (if any there be) upon Demand, to the Owners cf such Goods or Effects, after such Tolls, Duties, Penalties, and Forteirures, and the reasonable Charges of distraining, keeping, and felli g the lame,

(hill be deducted and paid; and all Penalties and Forfeitures, if not otherwise directed to be applied by this Act, flr.tll be paid to the said Trustees, and shall be laid out in the Repair of the said Road^; and in case diffident Didrefs cannot be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, it dull be lawful for any Justice or justices of the Peace of the County where such Deficiency or Default shall happen, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under his or their Hands to cause such Odender or Offenders to be committed to the House of Correction or common Gaol of the County, there to remain for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless the Penalties or Forfeitures and all reasonable Charges shall be fooHer paid and satisfied.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall think him or themselves aggrieved by any Order or other Proceedings of the said EruUces, it shall and may he lawful for him or them (except in the Cafes which are already otherwise provided for) to appeal to the said JufUces of the Peace of the County in which the same shall have taken place, in their General Quarter Sessions assembled, who are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine the Matter in Dispute, and whoseCrder therein shall be final and conclusive; and the Proceedings of the Trustees and the Justices on Appeal shall not be subject toSufpenlion or Advocation, or challengable by Process of Reduction.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall, within Table of TolU Twelve Mouths after the p,.fling of this Act, direct a Table of the Tolls j^m^ieanJ0 payable by virtue of this Act, ro be printed in large and legible Characters published. and affixed on some conspicuousPlace of every ToilBar on the said Roads; and ithe said. Ffrdftets shall in like Manner direct a List of all the Penalties enacted by this Act to be printed and affixed in the same Manner; and the said Trustees shall also print or cause to be printed the various Regulations which are by this Act enacted for the Regulation of those who may travel nA lUc. & Per.-] 7 P or

610 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 31.

or drive Carriages or Carts, or who may ride along the said Road*, and circulate and publish the fame for the Use of the said Travellers as aforesaid, in order that the said Regulations may be made as public as possible, so that no one may plead Ignorance of the same.

Conviaiom

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or their to be affixed Clerks, or any other Person acting under them, shall affix or cause to be on Toil Bars. a(^x£(j ac0py of every Conviction which may or shall take place under the Authority of this Act, upon the Two neared Toll Bars to the Place where the Offence was committed, and upon the Church Doors of the Parishes in which the Offence was committed, and the Conviction took place.

Toenforcethe LXXXV. And, for the better Observance of the Rules prescribed by an Observance of ACtpaffed in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, 11G L«- An Act for the better Regulation of Carters, Carriages, and loaded Horses, and for removing Obstructions and Nuisances upon the Streets and Highways, within thdt Part of Great Britain called Scotland; be it enacted, lhat the said Trustees shall, and they are hereby required at the Fird General Meeting to be held pursuant to this Act, and thereafter from Time to Time as Occasion may require, to give such Directions to the Collectors and other Officers appointed by the said Trustees as shall appear to them proper for enforcing the Observance of the said in Part recited Act.

For enforcing

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Trustees shall neg-cfth;*Aa'°n to rePa*r» or to keep ln Repair, the said Roads as aforesaid, or to enforce or cause to be enforced the various Regulations, or to execute the different Works, Duties, and Truds, by this Act enacted, it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, using and travelling along the said Road, and having paid any of the said several Tolls or Duties by this Act granted to be levied, or who shall be liable to pay any of the said Tolls or Duties at any of the Gates erected, or which shall be erected across or at the Side of the said Roads, upon finding Security to pay Cods if they shall be nonsuited, to prosecute the Trustees or any Six or more of them, before either of the Divisions of the Court of Session, who are hereby authorized and required to judge and determine therein, in a summary Manner, and without abiding the Course of the Roll; and upon finding the said Roads, or any Part thereof, not to be in propel Repair, or any of the said Regulations not enforced, or any of the said Works, Duties, or Truds, not executed, the said Court may, and they are hereby empowered to oblige the said Trustees, or any Six or more of them, to repair or amend the said Roads in a proper Manner, to enforce the said Regulations, or to execute the said Works, Duties, and Truds, within a ffiort Space of Time, to be limited by the said Court, who shall award and decree full Expences of Process to the Prosecutor against such Trustees, and which Judgement shall be final and conclusive; and if any such Prosecution shall, after Trial, be found to have been vexatious and groundless, the Prosecutor or Prosecutors shall be liable in Treble Costs: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall deprive, or be condrued to deprive any such Person as aforesaid from having and maintaining an Action for Damages for any Loss or Injury which he or they may have differed from the Trustees neglecting to repair the said Roads, to enforce the said Regulations, or to execute the said Works, Duties, or Truds, as aforesaid.

3 LXXXVII. And

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 31. 611

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Expence of procuring and Expencee of passing this Act shall be paid out of the First Monies levied or borrowed th," A" by virtue of this Act for making and repairing the said Roads hereby dirtfted and intended to be made and repaired.

[Public Act.]

LXXXVIII. And be it enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges,

Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Powers by this Act granted shall commence from and after the passing of this Act, and shall continue Continuance from thence during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to Act. the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Stkahan,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 32.

An Act for altering an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing Roads in the County of Ayr.

[28th April 1809/]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Forty-fifth Year of the 45 G. 3; Reign of His present Majesty, intituled An Act for alter- c. 18. itig, amending, and consoliditting several ARs, for repairing Turnpike Roads in the County of Ayr, for repairing other Roads there in, and for making more effectual the Statute Labour in the said County, certain Persons were appointed Trustees, and various Powers were granted for making and keeping in Repair the Roads therein mentioned: And whereas the Roads hereinafter mentioned, are narrow, in-com modious, and out of Repair, and cannot be effectually amended by the ordinary Courte of Law; and it would he advamageous to the Public, if the fame were put under the Care and Management of the said Trustees, vdelicet: A Road beginning at the North End of the Long Walk, where the Road joins the Lochlibo Road, and proceeding by Auebenbarvie Caitle, Irmntkill, Poinibou/e, Dur.lophouse, and Craignaught, to the March of the County with Renfrew parting through the Patilhes of Iriine, hlevjarloun, Dunlop, Ki winning, and Dreghorne. a Road from the Little Bridge, over If 'eirfton Burn, on the Turnpike Road from Irvine to Kilwinning, and from thence through IVeirston Farm, and eroding the Fnd of the Village of Corfebill, near fames lVi'Jon'% House, and going through Corfebill Moor, and proceeding through the Lands of Aucbtnmead to Beith, and from thence to the Confines of the County at or near Kerfebndge, parting through the i arishes of Irvine, Kilwinning, and / eith; a Road leaving the Road from Kilmarnock to Dunaonaid, l_Z.sc. Per.] 7 near

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

near the little Gatebead by Crofibou/e, till it joins the Road from Kilmarnock to Stewartoun, at the Town of Kilmaurs, passing through the Parish of Kilmaurs-, a Road leaving the Road from Kilmarnock to Stewartoun, near /lltonbill, by Sandyford, till it joins the fame Road, near the Shawbridge, passing through the Parishes of Kilmarnock and Kilmaurs-, a Road leaving the Road from Kilmarnock to Maucbline, near the Braehead Toll Bar, through Part of the Estate of Kilmarnock, Earonics of Monkland and Grongar, till it joins the Road from Galftowt to Kingswell, by the Lime Works near IlairJIjaw Toll Bar, passing through the Parish of Kilmarnock; a Road from Beith, by. at, or near CclJstream Bridge to a Junction of the Road between Biggart and Whitehause, all in the Pan Hi of Beith-, the Road from Maucbline by the Old Bridge of Barjkmming, till ic joins the Road at Dr organ, passing through the Parishes of Maucbline, Ochiltree, and Stair-, the Road from Failbridge by Locbbrown, till it joins the Road from Maucbline to Kilmarnock, passing through the Parishes of Tarbtileun and Maucbline; the Road from Little Miln by Kerfeloch to Dalrymple Bridge, all within the Parish of Dalrymple-, the Road from where it joins the Maucbline Road, leading to Kilmarnock, Weft of l.awer's Bridge to the High Road leading from Ayr to Galftoun, at Gaucberland, passing through the Parishes of Gaulftoun and Riccartoun -, a Road from If'alljlcun, where ic crosses ihe Road from Ayr to Maucbline at Boigend Bridge, and from thence till it joins the Road from Saint Eroox to Monkton at Sandyford, passing through the Parishes of Tarbolioun and Saint Evox-, a Road striking off from the Road through the Farm of Muirjloun to go by the North-west Side of Dnmjoan Meadow, and through the Farm of Bard.irrocb by Roading Head to Damb/ord, and from thence through the Lands of Cairn and Lejfnejfock, and Laigb Tarbeg, until ic joins the Road from Ayr to Cumnock, all within the Parish of Ochiltree-, a Road from Lugar Bridge through the Village of Cumnock till it joins the Road from Ayr to Cumnock at the Toll Bar, within the Parish of Cumnock-, a Road from Dalrymple Bridge, till it joins the Road from Maybole to Ayr, near Monkwood Bridge, passing through the Farm of Carclowie on the Southwest Side of the Farm Houses going through the Paiilhes of Dalrymple and Ayr-, a Road from a Point in the Road from Girvan to Colmonell, between Craig and Garnalurn, to join the Road from Gitvan to Ballantrae passing through the Parish of Colmonell-, a Road from Douglajloun to Manabae Bridge, near the Village of Kirkojiaald, and from thence through Corrieftottn and Hollowjbcen, to join the Water of Girvan hoad neat li allacejloun. with a Branch from Holiowjheen Muir to join the Maybole and Ktrko/wald Road, at or near Biamfield, going through the Parishes of Kirkojwald and Daily -, a Road from Patna Bridge in the best Line to Maybole, passing through the Parishes of Straitoun, Kirkmicbael, and Maybole; a Road from Kirkmubael by Onbyflrd and Guiltree Mill, Datvennan, and Kierbill to Patna Bridge, passing through the Parishes of Kirkmicbael and Straitoun: And whereas it is expedient that the said Trustees should be discharged-from the Care and Management of the Hoads hereinafter mentioned, videlicet: the Road which departs from the Road between Stewartoun and Polloiktoun to the March of the Shire towards Neitjioun-, the Road leading from at or near Kilwinning by Aucbinmead, March-land Brmge, and Beith, to the Confines of the County at or near Kerfe-

taud

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 32. 615

land Bridge-, the Road from the Sea Shore of Ayr between Blackburn and Cuningpark around the Race Course, and by Shawfield, Wkmmuir,

Fishertown, Sandy ford, Dupbold, and Holmftoun, ta the Water of Ayr at the Upper Mills of Ayr; May it therefore please Your Majesty,

That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament alfem-bied, and by the Authority of the same, That the Roads herein first be- Roads herei# fore particularly mentioned and described, shall be made, repaired, and defeibed kept in Repair, by the Trustees appointed by the said recited Act, in to be made such and the same Manner as if the said Roads had been enumerated and and repaired included therein, and all the Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, ^jer recile<! Exemptions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in the said recited Act, so far as the same are applicable thereto, shall be and are hereby extended to, and shall be used, observed, applied, and enforced, lor the Purpose of making, repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Roads.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Tolls or Duties shall n0 Tolls t« be levied for or in respect of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other be paid for Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses, or other Cattle drawing Stor«s-the fame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other public Stores ol or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces.

III. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving, or Stores, causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage provided for the Serviceof His Majesty's Forces,or conveying any Ordnance,

Barrack, or Commissariat, or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight; nor shall any such Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, be flopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, W’ain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to Imh Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or i urnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the Certain passing of this Act, lo much of the said recited Act as relates to the Roads not to Roads herein last particularly mentioned and described, shall be, and be made and the fame is hereby repealed, and that the said Trustees shall be, and rcpa,re they are hereby absolutely freed and discharged, of and from the future

Care and Management thereof: Provided always. The the said last

mentioned Roads shall and may be maintained and kept in Repair, in the same Manner as any Roads in Scotland, may now by Law be maintained and kept in Repair.

V. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of ob- Eyperces of taining and passing this Act, shall be paid and defrayed in such and the t,hil' 10 be

fame defr^ed’

616 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 32.

same Manner as the Expences of the said former Act were paid and defrayed.

[Public Act.]

VI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan; Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 33.

An Act to continue the Term and enlarge the Powers of Three Acts, passed in the Fourth Year of His late Majesty, and the Sixth and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Godstone in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the Purish of East Grinjiead in the County of Sussex.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual repairing the Road leading from Godstone in the County of Surrey, to Highgate at the Entrance into Aftidown Forest in the Panjh of East Grinfted in the County of Sussex: And whereas an Act was passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Ail of the Fourth Year of his late Majesty, for repairing the Road from Godstone in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the Parish of East Grin-sted in the County of Sussex: And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Two Acts made in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Godstone in tie County of [Loc. fcf Per.^ 7 R Surrey,

4. G s. c. 8.

6 G. 3. C. 58. *6 G. 3. I 47.

6i8

Act* fmther

continued.

4 Geo. z*

42 Geo. 3.

49" GGEORGII III. Cap. 33.

Surrey, to Highgate in the Parish c/"East Grinstead in the County d/Sussex: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts have proceeded in the Execution thereof, for which Purpose they have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of tlje 3 oils granted ,fi0d continued by the said recited Act-:; which Money still remains due and owing, and cannot he jiaid off, nor can the Road com-priled in- the said Acts be properly and effectually amended, widened, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term granted and continued by the said Acts be further continued, and some of the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, amended, and enlarged: May it therefore pteafe Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it ennfted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of hi , said late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Sixth and Twenty-fixih Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and such of the Clauses, Powers, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein contained as are now in force (except so much thereof as relates to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also except such as are hereby alieredor varied) shall be and the same are hereby declared to be and continue in full Force and Effect for and during the Term hereinafter mentioned, in as full, large, and ample Manner as if the lame had been expressly inferred and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; which said additional Term hereby granted shall be and is hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing on the Credit or on Account of the said former Acts, 01 of the Tolls thereby gtanced, or that may be borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit or by virtue of the said former Acts or either of them or of this Act, and all Interest: due or to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And whereas by the Lid recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King George the Second, it is enacted, Thac for the more effectual repairing and better keeping in Repair the said Road leading from the White Hart Inn in Godjione Town or Street, to Highgate at the Entrance into Ashdown Forest aforesaid, it should be in the Power of the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by certain Acts therein recited, or any of them, for amending and repairing the Roads leading from the Stones End in the Borough ot Southwark to Highgate at the Entrance into Ashdown Forest aforesaid, and the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they or any Seven or more of them should authorize and appoint, should and might take, receive, and levy at any Gaie or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes then already erected or to be erected upon every Par: of the Lid Road thereby intended to be repaired, and not elsewhere, the additional Tolls or Duiies therein particularly mentioned: And it was by the said recited Act further enacted, That certain Persons therein named should be added to and joined with the Trustees appointed or to be appointed by virtue or in pursuance of any former Act or Acts of Parliament passed for repairing the Roads aforesaid, and should have the fame Powers and Authorities fur putting the said former Acts and the now reciting Act in Execution, as if they had been expressly named therein, and appointed by the said former Acts: And whereas by an Act made and pasted in the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repealing an Att 2 puffed

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 33. 619

passed in the Twenty fifth Year of the Reign of Bis present MnjeJlj King George the Third, for the more effectually repairing the Roads leading from the Scone* End in Blackman Street in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, to Highgate in the County of Sussex, and fevetdl other Roads therein mentioned, and for gruntin' other Powers for those Purposes, certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, to be tlefted m Manner therein-after mentioned, were appointed Trustees for amending, altering, improving, and keeping in Repair among other Roads therein mentioned the Road leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey, to fighgate in the County of Sussex, of wnicli the said Road hading from Godjtone aforesaid to Highgate aforesaid forms a Part, and for otherwise putting the now reciting Act in Exrcuti <n: And when as it is expedient that the Trustees Trust-esfor for executing the said Act of tht Forty-second Year of His said ptefenc ""'of"8 tl'e Majesty should be Trustees for executing this and the said recited Acts; 41,j. be it therefore further enacted, That the Trustees named in and ap- ^n^Trjiftees pointed by virtue of the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year of the thu'Act!"113 Reign of His present Majesty, and their Successors from Time to Time elected and to be elected in Manner therein mentioned, shall to all Intents and Purposes be and be deemed to be Trustees for executing tire said recited Acts of the Fourth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, the Sixth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and this Act, in such and the same Manner as if they had been expressly and particularly named in and appointed by the said recited Acts or this Act.

III. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign Extending the of His late Majesty King George the Second, it is among other Things Powers of enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, and Clauses men- j^uwlioad tioned or contained in the therein recited Acts of the Fourth, Sixth and leading from Tenth Years of the Reign of His then late Majesty not thereby altered, h°h^atc *° amended or otherwise explained, should be extended to the said Act, as S & amply and fully to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were particularly and at large repeated or let down and enacted in and by the now reciting Act, and the Trustees thereby appointed and to be appointed should and might and were thereby empowered and required to execute or cause the same to be executed accordingly, so fir as related to the Road therein mentioned: And whereas the said Road leading from God/lone to Highgate afo.efaia, forms a Part of the lload leading from the Stones End in Blackman Street in the Borough of Southw rk to Highgate aforesaid, as herein before-mentioned, and is in Part amended, improved, regulated and kept in Repair by the Trustees named in or appointed under or by virtue of the said Act of the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty } be it therefore further enacted, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, and Clauses mentioned and contained in the said Act of the: Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty (not hereby altered, amended or otherwise explained) shall be extended to this Act, as amyly and fully to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the fame were particularly and at large repeated or let down and enacted in and oy this Act, and the said Trustees and their Successors shall and may . nd they are hereby empowered and required to execute or cairfe the fame ;o be executed accordingly upon the said Road leading from God-stone to Highgate aforesaid.

620

Power to re-' move the Turnpike Cate at Blue Anchor Lane, to prevent Eva-fton of the Tolls, Uc.

Allowing certain Exemption! from Toll.

Carriages employed in the puolic Service not

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

IV. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty King George the Second, ic is provided and declared, That the additional Tolls to be collected by virtue of the said Act, should not be paid ac any Turnpike which should or might be erected nearer Gedstone aforesaid than the Turnpike then erected in the Lane called Blue Anchor Lane, in the said Road thereby directed to be repaired: And whereas since the passing of the said recited Act it has been found that the Tolls thereby directed to be taken, received and levied, are evaded by reason of the local Situation of the said Turnpike Gate or Bar, by which the Public have been and are materially injured, and which would be prevented if the said Trustees were empowered to remove the said Turnpike Gate to some other Part of the said Turnpike Road, nearer to the Town of Godstone aforesaid, be it therefore enacted, That the said last recited Clause of the said Act of the Fourth Year of His late Majesty shall be and the fame is hereby repealed; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, by Order to be made by them at any Meeting or Meetings to be holden for putting the said recited Act of the Forty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, or this Act into Execution (of which Meeting or Meetings and the Purpose thereof Ten Days Notice shall be given in some Newspaper, and by Writing to be affixed upon the several Toll-gates or Turnpikes which shall be then Handing upon the said Road) to take down and remove the said Turnpike Gate, and erect the fame on any other Part of the said Road and nearer to the Town of Godstone aforesaid, as shall appear to them to be more convenient or proper, and from Time to Time to vary the Situation of such Turnpike Gate, and place the fame nearer to.or further from the Town of Godstone as they shall think fit, and that the said additional Tolls and all other Tolls shall be paid ‘and collected ac such newly erected Turnpike Gate; any Thing in the said recited Act of the Fourth Year of His late Majesty contained to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That none of the Tolls granted and continued by the said recited Acts or this Act shall be demanded, received, or taken for or in respect of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack or Commil-fariat or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or for or in respect of any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by him in going to or returning from the Place of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; and r if any Person or Persons shall claim or take the Benefit of any or either of the Exemptions aforesaid not being entitled to the fame, every such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Three Pounds.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance,

* Barrack,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 33.

Barrack or Commissariat or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, Hull he subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight, r.or shall any luc Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage be flopped or detained byreason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or ocher Carriage,or of being drawn by any Number of Horles or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such "Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this or the said recited Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas by a certain Act of Parliament made and passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Act of Parliament, the General Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part of Great Britain called England, and for other Purposes, the Trustees of any Turnpike Road or any Seven of them, are empowered to allow such Number of Horses as they shall judge necessary to be used in Waggons and Carts respectively, for the Purpose of drawing the fame up Hill or Hills in certain Cafes therein particularly mentioned: And whereas great Injury is done to the Roads by reason of the Person or Persons driving such Waggons and Carts not using Skidpans or Machines at the Bottom of the Wheels during the Time the said Waggons or Carts are defeending or going down such Hill or Hills; in order to remedy such Evil and Injury, be it further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall drive or act as the Driver or Drivers of any such Waggon or Cart, shall in defeending all and every Hill or Hills on the said Road hereinbefore mentioned and hereby and by the said recited Acts ordered 10 be repaired and amended, where such increased Number of Horses are allowed to be used as aforesaid, use or cause to be used and placed a Skidpan or Machine at the Bottom of one of the Wheels ef such Waggon or Cart respectively, to prevent the Wheels of such Waggon or Cart destroying or injuring the said Road, which Skidpan or Machine shall be placed or affixed under such Wheel at the Polt or Stone erected or to be erected at or near the top of such respective Hill or Hills, and be continued "and kept thereon until such Waggon or Cart shall arrive at or reach the Port: or Stone erected or to be erected at or near the Bottom or such re. spediive Htll or Hills; and in case any such Person or Persons as aforesaid shall fail or neglect to put on, continue and use tuch Skidpan or Machine in Manner aforesaid, and shall drive such Waggon or Cart down any such Hill or Hills without uling such Skidpan and Machine in Manner aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Constable, Tythingman, Surveyor, or any other Person or Persons, to apprehend and take or cause to be apprehended and taken every such Person or Persons so driving or acting as Driver or Drivers as aforesaid, before any one or more Justice or Justicts of the Peace in the Limit where the Lid Offence shall br committed, and upon the Conviction thereof either by the Confession of the Party or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses before such Justice or Justices of the Peace, every such Person or Persons so offending shall respectively forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, at the Diferction of the Justice or Justices before whom such Offender shall be convicted.

ILoc. IS5 Per.] 7 S

621

to subject to Fen vines for O.er-wrLdbr, or for mi uliiitio»al N imner of HoniM’

To enforce rne using of Ski'T8 or Machines to Wag: on and Care Wheels in certain Cales.

622

In c»Ie of rot making out Titles, 6tc

Where any C^ieftion (halt ante touching »ng the Title to Money to be pi'tl, the }'ii on Mho shall be in PufTeiTion of tht L mris at the Time of luth i uicliafe shall b: deemed entitled thereunto according t< inch PoheQion.

49° GEORGII lit. Cap. 33.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons, to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the Laid recited or before-mentioned Acts and this Act, or any of them, shall refuse to accept the lame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, c-r Hereditaments ['describing them'], subject to the Order, Controul, and l)if-pofnion of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Applj? cation of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and s hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the lame to be laid out apd invelted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thrreof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest of (he Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just ^nd reasonablep and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are heresy required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Ule the fame is or are received, to such Person or P. rlons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name or with the Piivity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited or befort-mentioned Acts or this Act, or any of them, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said Acts and cf this Act, or any < f them, or to any Bank Annuities to be nuiduftd with any such Money, or the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Pofllffion of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at ihe Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Puffeflion of such Person. or Persons, shall be deuned and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Sati faction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and dispose.l < f accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such PofiufTion was a wrongful Pcflifinn, and that f nte ot. er Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pr lo funic Eftyte or Interest therein.

9

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 33-. 623

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of

any Disability, or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation may order entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under reasonable the Authority of the said recited or before-mentioned Acts and this Act, or pufehaft* any of them, the Purchase Money of the same shall be required to be paid Repaid byiiie into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other T|U ee"' Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pm-fuance of the said recited or before-mentioned Acts and this Act, or any of them, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court (hill deem reasonable, to be paid by the said J rufttes, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said Acts and this Adb, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sum or Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences of Paying the obtaining and passing this Act shall br paid out of the Money already raised the Act'* of by virtue of the said former Acts, or out of the Monies which shall be first

raised by virtue thereof or of this present Act.

[Public Act.]

XII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially

taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Joffices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence upon the Term amt passing thereof, and shall continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Residuenuw to come and unexpired of the Term granted and continued by the Lid recited Acts of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His

said late Majesty King George the Second, and the S xth and Twenty-fixch Years of His present Majesty, arid from the Expiration thereof for and duiing the further Term ol Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew St rah an. Printers to the King’s nrnft Excellent Majesty, 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 34.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of several Acts for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chaje in the Pari ill of South Mims in the County of Middlesex, to Lems-ford Mill in the County of Hsrtfiord.

[28th April 1809.}

WHEREAS an Act was made in the Third Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for repairing tke Road leading from Galley Corner 3g %. c. 10, adjoining to Enfield Chafe in the Parish of South Mims in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill in the County of Hertford: And whereas another Act was made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing and enlarging 1? g. 1. c. 14. the Term and Powers granted by an Act p fed in the Third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chafe in the Parish rf South Mims in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill in the County of Heittord:

And whereas another Act was made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue Two Acts 10G.3. c. 7j. of the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Gull y Corner adjoining to [Loc.fft Peri} 7 T Hr.fi.elA

62 6

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 14

Enfield Chafe in the Parish of South Mims in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsfod Mill in the County of Hertford: And whereas another Act was made in the Eighteenth Ye»r of the Reign of His present Majesty, >sg.3. c 9c. intituled, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts of the Tbrd and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Galley Corner adjoining to Enfield Chafe in the Parish of South Mims in the County of Middlesex, to Lemsford Mill in the County of Hertford: And whereas there is now due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said Acts a considerable Sum of Money, which, together with the Tolls collected, have been duly applied, according to the Directions of the said Acts; but the said Road cannot be widened and improved, and made completely convenient for Travellers passing the fame, and be effectually repaired and kept in Repair, and the Money now due and owing on the Ctedit of the said Tolls be repaid, unlel's the said Tolls are ircreaftd, and the Term of the said Acts further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and j Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affirm bled, and

Afl» further by the Authority of the same, That the said several recited ACT, and

coauntie . an an(j tvcry th0 ciauses, Authorities, Powers, Penalties, Forleitures, and Punishments therein contained (except such as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and except Inch as are hereby altered, varied, or repealed), shall be and continue in full Force and EftVCt, and together with this present Act shall be put in Execution for the (evrral Purposes hereby and thrreby intended for and during the Term hetein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually in all Respects and to all Intents and Purposes whatever, as if the fame were expressly repeated and re-enacted in the Body of this Act; which said Term hereby granted shall I e and

is hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies

now due and owing on the Credit of the said recited Acts, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed or become due on the Credit of the Did recited Acts and this Act, and all Intcieft due and to become due for the lame respectively.

No T uft e to

II. And be it further enacted, That no Trustee shall have any Ee'iiontf Voice in the Election or Appointment of any Officer or Person to hold any"officer, any Office or Place of Trust or Profit under the said Trustees, by what-ha*f\i!eaUl1 toever Name he shall be described or called, unkfs such Trustee shall within a cer. have been present at One or more Meeting or Meetings of the said Trustees within Three Years preceding the Death, Resignation, or Removal of the last Officer, or in case the Office shall be of new Appointmer.r, then preceding the Meeting at which Inch new Appointment shall have been determined upon; and the Presence of such Trusted at such Meeting or Meetings as aforesaid shall be ascertained by his Name appearing in the Book or Bocks kept fer the Purpose of entering ail Proceedings of the Trustees as being present on the Day or Days of such Meeting.

III. And be it further enacted, That from and immediately after the Twentieth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and nine the

,'-vV Tolls

New Tull:-

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 34. 627

Tolls and Duties authorized to be collected by the said recited Aids shall cease and determine and be no longer paid or payable, and that instead thereof from thenceforth the following Tolls and Duties shall be paid and payable at each and every Turnpike and Toll Bar erected or to be erected upon or across or on the Side of any Part of the said Road;

(that is to lay,)

For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Barouche. Chaise, Calash,

Curricle, Hearse, or Chair, if drawn by Six Horses, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence •, or by Four Horses, the Sum of One Shilling; or by Three Horses, the Sum of Nine-pence, or by Two Horses, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every One Horse Chaise, whether with Two or Four Wheels, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Jockey Cart or Taxed Cart, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Afs, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny:

For every Carriage with Four Wheels, fastened to or behind any Waggon,

Wain, Dray, Cart, or other Carriage, if loaded, the Sum of Four-pence; and for every Carriage with Two Wheels lb fastened, if loaded, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Cart drawn by One Horse or Beast of Draught, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Horse or Beast of Draught drawing any Waggon, Wain, Dray,

Cart, or other such like Carriage with Nine or Six Inch Wheels, the Sum of Two-pence:

For every Horse or Bead of Draught drawing any Narrow-wheeled Waggon, Wain, Dray, Cart, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of Three-pence:

For every Score of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Six-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number: And For every Score of Sheep, Pigs, or Calves, the Sum of Four-pence, and so in proportion for any greater or less Number;

Which said respective Sum and Sums of Money shall be demanded and taken in the Name of or as a Toll or Duty, and the Money so to be raised and collected is and shall hereby be vested in the said Trustees, and the fame and every Part thereof Hull be paid, applied, or disposed of, or assigned to and for the several Uses,

Intents, and Purposes, and in such Manner as in the said several former Acts are mentioned and declared with respect to the Tolls thereby granted.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any Amount of FI >rfe or Horses being either rode, let, or driven, but not dtawing any Tol s payable Carriage, shall on any Day pass through any Toll Gate or Bar already or cata.tain hereafter by virtue of the said recited Acts, or of th s Ad, to be fat up or erected, and the \Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons hav ng the Care and Custody of such Horse or Horles, shall pay the Toll or Tolls payable in relped thereof; and such Horle or Florfes Hall afterwards during the same Day pass or go through the la ne Toll Gate or 5 - Bar

628

Powsr to vary To'l*.

Ob iging the Collector ot Toll* tn fi* up hit Name

/j.9" GEORGII III. Cup. 34-

Bar attached to any Coach, Charior, Landau, Berlin, Barouche, Chaise, Calalh, Curricle, Hearse or Chair, that then and in every such Case the Owner or Owners, or Person or Persons hiving the Care or Possession of such Carriage to which such Horse 01 Horses shall be attached, shall pay only such Proportion of the Toll and Duty for such Carriage as with the Sum or Sums which shall have been paid for such Horle or Horses to having passed through such Toll Gate or Bar, shall make up and amount to the Toll which would otherwise be paid anil payable for Lch Carriage with such Horse or the like Number of Horles; and also that no Toll or Duty shall be demanded and taken for the Return of any Horse or Horses having passed through any such Toll Gate or Bar attached ro any such Carriage, and in resptd of which Carriage and such Hotfe or Horses being attached thereto, a Toll Duty hath been before in such Day demanded and paid, any Thing in the Paid recited Acts or in this Act, to the contrary notwich-standing.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Trustees for the Care of the said Road or any Nine or more of them from Time to Time at any General Meeting or Meetings, to lessen and reduce all or any of the Tolls by this Act granted and authorized to be demanded and taken, and for such Time or Times as they shall think proper or expedient-, and may afterwards from Time to Time advance all or any of the Tolls so lessened or reduced, to any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the respective Sums or Tolls hereinbefore granted: Provided nevertheless, That no Reduction shall at any Time be made or take place, unless the Person or Persons who shall be entitled to Five Sixth Parts at the least of the Money which shall be then due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls so intended to be lessened or reduced, shall by Writing under his, her, or their Hand or Hands content thereto; and no Alteration shall be made in the said Tolls, unless Fourteen Days Notice at the least shall be given thereof in Writing, to be affixed upon or at all the Turnpikes or Toll-Houses which are now or shall then be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, on the said Road where such Tolls shall be payable.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Toll Collector appointed either by the said Trustees, or by any Renter or Farmer of the said Tolls authorized to be collected by this Act, or any Person demanding or taking any Toil payable by this Act, shall, and he is hereby required on each and tvery Day previous to his entering on Duty lor the Collection of the said Tolls to affix on a Board in legible Characters his Christian and Surname, and let the fame remain on the Frame of the front Door, or on some conspicuous Part of the Toll-House during the Time of his remaining on Duty to collect the said Tolls and in case such Collector or Collectors, Person or Persons shall ri fuse or neglect so to do, and being convicted thereof on the Oath cf One credible Witness, he or they shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be levied, recovered, and applied in such and the same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are directed to

be

6^g

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

be levied, recovered, and applied in and by the said recited Acts or either of them.

VII. And whereas it is expedient that the Exemptions granted by Exemptions, the said recited Acts should be repealed: Be it therefore enacted, That the said Exemptions shall from and after the Twentieth Day of October One thousand tight hundred and nine, be and the same are hereby repealed j and thac from thenceforth no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Waggons, Wains, Carts, Carriages, or Horses employed in carrying or conveying, or geing to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood,

Gravel, or other Materials for repairing the said Road, or any of the Roads in the Parishes in which any Part of such Road doth lie; or Hav, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, net sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses or on the Lands of the Owners or Occupiers thereof; or for any Waggon', Wains, Carts,

Carriages, or PJorfes employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Comport, or Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands in any of the said Parishes (Lime only excepted); or for any Horles or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being flioed cr farried; or from any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or ether Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine £• ivice is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, cr attending the Funeral of any Person that (fall die and be buried in any of the said Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any Tick Person, or upon other his parochial or minilteriai Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Ex-prefles under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Exprtfle.-, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, cr drawing any Carriage attending them with tl.eir Arms or Baggage; or for any Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Ilorles, or other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Com-shirt'ariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to lbs Majesty, or for the Ulc of His Majesty's Forces; or for any Horse, Mare, or Geiding furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place of Exercise, provided such Fetfcns are in the Uniform of their tefptflive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemptions as aforesaid; or lor any Ilnrfrs,

ILoc. fcf PerJ 7U Cans,

63°

Stores.

For erectinj

Wrighii.g

Engines.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 34

Carts, cr Waggons employed in Conveyance cf Vagrants sent by legal Passes; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calafli, or Chair, or any Passenger on Horseback going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Middlsfex or Htrlford, on the Day or Days of such Election, cr on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded ■, nor for any Horse or Bead laden with or drawing any Carriage carrying Corn ground or unground to or from Lemsford Mill in the Parish of Hatfield in the said 'County of Hertford, or laden with any other Sort of Goods going to or returning from any Market or Fair to be held at the said Town; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this A<d granted, not being entitled to the lame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sutn not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Pm-pcfes of the said Acts and this A£h

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving, or causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Over-weight; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, be flopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Humber of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to puc any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, any Tiling In any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, rr any Five or more of them, at any Meeting (if they shall think proper.) to order and cause to be buiic upon any Parts of the said Road, as to them shall seem raoit eligible and expedient, a Crane, Machine, cr Engine, with suitable Buildings thereto, proper for the weighing of Carts, Waggons, or Cairiages conveying any Goods, Wares, or Merchandize whatsoever, and by Writing signed by them, or any Kjve or more of them, to order all and every or any such Carriage or Carriages which shall come upon any Part of the said Road within the Distance of Fifty Yards from any such Crane, Machine or Engine, whether the same shall have passed through any Toll Gate or Toll Bar, or not, to be weighed, together with the Loading thereof; and that all Claufts, Powers, Privileges, Exemptions, Restrictions, Penalties, and Forfeitures contained in an Act passed in the Thirteenth Year- of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into one Ail of Parliament the general Laws now in being for regulating the Turnpike Roads in that Part

631

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 34.

cf Great Britain called England, and fcr ether Purposes, applicable to Weighing Machines, shall in all Cafes extend to and operate upon all Cranes, Machines, and Engines whatsoever, to be erected by virtue of this Act, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees at any Meeting, whereof Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been given in Writing, affixed upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes then erected by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, and by Advertisement inferred in foiue Newspaper circulated in the Neighbourhood of the said Road, from Time to Time by Writing under their Hands, to let and demise, or agree to let and demise, either with or without the Tolls, by the said recited Acts and this Act, authorized to be taken, the Weighing Crane5, Machines, and Engines which may be erected by virtue of the said reciced Act passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty and this Act, and the additional Tolls or Duties granted and made payable thereat, for any Carriage which with its Loading shall weigh more than the Weight alluwed by Law, provided that the said additional Tolls be let in the same Manner as the Tolls arising at the Toll Gates or Turnpikes are by the said recited Acts ditefted or pre-Icribed to be let-

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ride upon any causeway or Foot Path now made or hereafter to be made on the Side of the said Road, or any Part thereof, or shall drive any Horse or other Cattle, or any Swine, or any Cart or other Carriage thereon, or shall wilfully cause any Damages whatsoever to be done thereto, every such Person for every such Offence shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, to be levied and recovered in such and the same Manner as is directed for the Recovery cf Penalties and Forfeitures in and by the said recited Acts, or either of them.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued for or concerning any Thing to be done by virtue or in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, in Jthe Name of their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit ro be brought or commenced by the Direction of or against the said Trustees in the Name of Their Cletk or Treasurer shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Clerk or Treasurer, nor by the Act of such Clerk or Treasurer without the Consent of the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, but that the Clerk or Treasurer fcr the Time being to the said Trustees, shall be deemed to be P,aintiff or Defendant, as the Case may be in every such Action.

XIII. Provided always, That every such Clerk or Treasurer in whose Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act, shall be fully reimbursed and paid out of the fiift Money to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts

F< r letting Weighing Engine

Penalty on damaging

causeway* or Footpaths.

Trustees may sue or be sued in the Name of tluir Clerk of Treasurer.

Clerk or Treasurer to be paid his £<-] pences,

632

Surveyor smay dig Gravel, •^c. on Waite Groun

Notice to be given before Materials are tir.en.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 34-

Acts and this Act, after such Action or Suit shall be commenced or discontinued, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as by the Event or in consequence of any such Action or Proceeding, he shall bear, pay, expend, or be put unto or become chargeable with by Reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

XIV. And be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Surveyor or Surveyors to be appointed by the Trusteeo under the said recited Acts, and for such Person and Persons as the said Surveyor or Surveyors shall appoint, to dig, gather, take, and carry away any Gravel, Furze, Heath, Sand, Stones, or other Materials, ■out cf any Waste or Common of any Par ill), Town, Village, or Hamlet in the said Coumies, proper and convenient for repairing and amending the Road aforesaid; and for Want of sufficient Gravel, furze, Hcaih, Sand, Stones, or other Materials, then to dig, gather, take, and carry away the fame out of the Wade or Common of any neighbouring Parish, Town, Village, or Hamlet in any other County or Counties, Liberty or Liberties, withouc paying any Thing for the fame; and where there is not sufficient of such Materials on any Commons or Waste Grounds near adjoining, it shall and may be lawful for the said Surveyors, by order of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to dig and gather the fame on the several Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons, (such Lands or Grounds not being a Yard, Garden, O.chard, Park, Paddock, Avenue ya a Moult-, Wood, Coppice, or Nursery for Trees) where such Materials are or miy be'found, and fom Time to Time to carry away such and so much thereof as the said Surveyor and Surveyors in their respective Places shall judge nereflary for repairing and amending the said Road, paying such Rate for such Materials, and the Damage done to the Owners or •Occupiers of the Lands or Grounds where and from whence the lame •shall be dug, gathered, cr carried away or over, as the said Trustees, or any FiVe'or more of them, shall adjudge reasonable; and in case of any Difference concerning the same between such Owners and Occupiers, and the said Trustees or their Officers, touching such Damage, the justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions to be ftolden for the County where such Materials shall be dug or gathered, and from whence the same shall be carried away, or such Damage done as aforesaid, shall and may adjudge, afiefs, and finally determine ■the fame.

XV. Provided nevertheleF, and be it further enacted, That it fli •.!! not be lawful for any Surveyor or any Person or Persons acting under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, get, take, or carry away any Materials for repairing such Road out of or from any ii cioftd Land or Grotind until Notice in Writing, signed by the Surveyor, shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premifrs from which such Materials are intended to be taken or left, at the House or lsft or usual Place cf Abode of such Occupier, to appear before the said Trcfttes, or any Five or more of them, or any Two or more Justices the Peace acting in and far the County win rein fveh P.etniles shall lie, to show caul'e why such Maieiials shall

[1 jI

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 34. 633

not be had from such Lands or Grounds, and in case such Occupier or his Agent shall attend pursuant to such Notice, buc-shall not shew sufficient Cause to the contrary, the said Trustees or such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Person to dig, get, take, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as to such Tfullees or to such Justices shall seem proper; and if such Occupier or his Agent shall neglect or refuse to appear by himself or Agent, the said Trustees or such Justices shall and may m ke such Order therein as they shall think (it, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person whomsoever shall ^Plu"w°an take away any Materials which have been dug, gathered, or got in Mateml's?' any Linds, Fields, Grounds, Whites, or Commons, Rivers, or B>ooks,

for the Purposes of this Act, or shall get or take away any Materials out of any Pit or Quarry which shall have been made for the Purpose of getting Materials fur the said Road before the said Surveyors or their Workmen shall have discontinued working therein for the Space of Fourteen Days (except the Owner or Occupier of any piivaie Ground, and Persons authorized by such Owner or Occupier to get the Matcrils therein for his own private Use only and not for Sale), every Person so offending shall forfeit for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ferry Shillings.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That so much of the said recited StauteWork. AdL as 1 elate to the Perfo mance of Statute Labour on the said Road

shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, anti that all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road or any Pat t thereof, shall (till remish liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the Counties of Middlesex or Hertford; and they are hereby required and empowered upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order yearly, to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the rcfbedive Parishes or Places in which the said Road doth lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place in lieu of or as a Compofuion for such Scatute Work as aforesaid. shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Ttuftccs, or their Treasurer or Treasuiers; and in order thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time tp summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices at some PLce to be expressed in such Summons (within Fourteen Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the re-[Loc. 5s5 Per.J 7 X spe&tvc

&34

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 14.

frective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and R. fti.dbions as arc or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days’ Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done at such Days and at such Times (not being Hay Time < r Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer at such Time or Times as the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty as by the said recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her or them at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Defaulc of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subjnft and liable to such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force qr eftt& for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on tr.e said Road shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and discharge the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and luble to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid as if he had ntgledled or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Highways; and if any Surveyor of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Application of

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be Compensation agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the 11 said recited Acts and this iAdt, for the Purposes thereof, which shall

belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person

or

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 34, 635

or Persons under any other Disabiljty or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the H gh Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and wiih the Approbation of the said Courr, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or D.scharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments,

(landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Muncy shall not be so applied, then the tame shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purpose?, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be txifting, undetermined, and capable of taking Eff'edt; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Ordtr of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be (old for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Mo- Application ney so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or where the Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, joes not ex'-0" and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under ceediooi. nor Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two le,‘ tl’an 20 hundred Pounds, and shall amount to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in c..fe of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied

in

6j6

Application where the Money i« lef« Man io 1'

In case of not making out Titles,

or if Persons cannot lie found, »ui-clnfe Money to be paid into the Bank;

subject to the Order of the Court of Chancery on M »tion or Petition.

4

49° GEORGII III. Cap.$±.

in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nom.nating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Cale be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction and Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purch;fed, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardian4, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, shall rtfufe to accepr the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfactions of the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing them), subject to the Order, Controul, and Dif-pofuion of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, ori the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court frail seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the re-speclive Estate or Estates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Older in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for

what

637

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. ^4.

what and for whose Ufc the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where any Question Where any shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into ^fc^ouching the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- the Title to countant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, pIfd"Yhe°Per-for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of ion who shall any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Heredimentr,

to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or &c. at the to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, or the Di-vidends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons i,e«t«mid who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Heredi- entitled taments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under t!'eIet3’ such Person or Persons, or under the PolfelTion of such Person or Persons,

shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities, to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXIII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That where, by reason of any TheCourtcf Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled ord«*a-y to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the able Expend Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, the Purchase Money for £« pdd^y the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and the Trustee*. to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said recited Acts

and this Act, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, out of the Monies to be received by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That all the Costs and Charges Expences of expended in, about, or by reason of passing of this Act, shall as (bon as * UW may be after the passing of this Act, be paid out of the Monies collected or to be collected or borrowed by virtue of the said former Acts or of this present Act.

[Public Act.]

XXV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

[Etc. Gf Per.] Y XXVI. And

638

Term of the Att.

49° GEORGII III. Cup.14.

XXVI. And be it farther enabled, That the Terms granted determined by the said recited Acts shall upon the Twentieth Day of October One thousand eight hundred and nine cease and determine; and that the said Acts (subject to the Alterations herein-before mentioned) and this Act shall from thenceforth continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printei* to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 35.

An Act for allowing the Timber on Part of the settled Estates of Dame Jane St. John Mildmay Widow, in the Counties of Essex, Somerset, Dorset, and Southampton, to be cut down; and for applying the Monies thence arising in the Purchase of Estates, to be settled in Manner therein mentioned.

[28th April 1809.]

WHEREAS by Indentures of Lease and Release, and Appoint- Indentures

ment, bearing Date respectively the Twenty-eighth and I’wen- 28 & 29 June-ty-ninth Days of June, in the Year One thousand eight hundred lSuf5' and eight, the Release and Appointment made between Sir Henry Paulet St. John MUdmay Baronet, since deceased, Dame Jane St. John Mildmay then his Wife and now his Widow, and Sir Henry St. John Carew St. John Mildmay Baronet, then Henry St.John Carew St. John Mildmay Esquire, and therein described as elded Son of the said Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay and Dame Jane, of the Fird Part; John Henry Newbolt Esquire-and Edward Bray Gentleman, of the Second Part; John Clerk Esquire. and George William Ricketts Esquire, of the Third Part; William Bray Esquire of the Fourth Part; and the Reverend Thomas Salmon Clerk and the said Edward Bray of the Fifth Part; the Manors, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments situate in the Counties of Essex, Somerset, Dorset, and Southampton, more particularly mentioned and described in the Schedule to this Act annexed, in consequence of the subsequent Death of the said Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay, now dand settled and limited with [Lee. ts5 Per.J 7 Y their

63S 49 GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

P-nlft, Son.

George Wm. another Son,

C harlcs Wm.

Powlctf,

aiiviitcr Son.

their respective Appurtenances to the life of the faiu John Clerk and William Bray, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for 1 nree hundred Years, upon Trull for securing an /Annuity of Four thousand Pounds to the said Sir Henry St. John Carew St. John Mildmay herein-after mentioned and subject to the said Term, to the Use, Intent, and Purpose that the said Sir Henry St. John Carew St. John Mildmay and his Assigns may, yearly, during the joint Lives ofhimlelf and of the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay, receive out of the said Manors, Hereditaments, and Prcniifes, an Annuity of Four thousand Pounds, and subject and charged as aforesaid to the Use of the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay and her Assigns during her Life, with Remainder to the said John Clerk and George William Ricketts and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay, upon Trust to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder to the Use of the said Thomas Salmon and Edward Bray, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for One thousand Years, to commence from the Decease of the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay, she having survived the said S'r Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay, upon Trust for raising a Sum not exceeding Thirty thousand Pounds for the said Sir Henry St. John Carew St.John Mildmay, or the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Hereditaments comprized in the said derm immediately expectant on the Determination thereof, and from and after the Expiration of the said Term and in the mean Time subject thereto, to the Use of the said Sir Henry St. 'John Carew St. John Mildmay and his Assigns, during his Life, without Impeachment of Waite, with such Powers of leafing, jointuring, and other Powers, as therein-after contained; with Remainder to the said John Clerk and George William Ricketts, and their Heirs, during the Life of the said Sir Henry St. John Carew St. John MilJmay, upon Trust to preserve contingent Remainders; with Remainder subject as thereih-before is mentioned, to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Sir Henry St. John Carew St. John Mildmay succeslivtly in Tail general; with Remainder subject and without Prejudice tb raising any of the Sums therein authorized to be raised and charged, and to »he said Term of One thousand Years and the Trulls thereof, to the Use of Paulet St. John Mildmay Esquire, Second Son of the said Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay and Dame Jane and his Assigns, during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with such Powers of leafing, jointuring, and ether Powers, as are thereafter mentioned; with Remainder to the said Jail named Trustees and their Heirs during his Life, upon Trust to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Paulet St. John Mildmay successlvely in Tail Male; with Remainder (subject and without Prejudice as aforesaid) to the Use of George William St. John Mildmay, another Son of- the said Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay and Dame Jane, and his Assigns, during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with such Powers of leafing, jointuring, and other Powers, as therein mentioned, with Remainder to the fame Trustees and their Heirs during his Life, upon Trull to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder (subject as aforesaid) to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said George William St. John Mildmay successively in Tail Male; with Remainder (subject as aforesaid) to the Use of Charles William Powlett St. John Mildmay, another Son of the said Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay and Dame Jane, and his Assigns, during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with such Power^ of leafing, jointuring, and other Powers, as therein mentioned, with J; " IQ '* Ren\ainder

639

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Remainder to the fame Trustees and their Heirs during h;s Life, ttpon Trult to preserve comingent Remainders, with Remainder, subject as aforesaid, to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Charles William Powlett St.John Mildmay successively in Tail Male; with Remainder Humphry, (subject as aforesaid) to the Use of Humphry St. John Mildmay, another ail°tlicr on* Son of the said Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay and Dame Jane, and his Assigns, during his Life, without Impeachment of Wade, with such Powers of leafing, jointuring, and other Powers, as therein mentioned, with Remainder to the fame Trustees and their Heirs during his Lite, upon Trust to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder (subject as aforesaid) to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Humphry St. John Mildmay successively in Tail Male; with Remainder (subject as John Francis, aforesaid) to the Use of John Francis St. John Mildmay, another Son of another Son. the said Sir Henry Powlett St.John Mildmay and Dame Jane, and his Assigns, during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with such Powers of leafing, jointuring, and other Powers, as therein mentioned, with Remainder to the fame Trustees and their Heirs during his Life, upon Trust to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder, subject as aforesaid, to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said John Francis St. John Mildmay successively in Tail Male; with Remainder (subject as Edward, aforesaid) to the Use of Edward St. John Mildmay, another Son of the anotl‘er bon‘ said Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay and Dame Jane, and his Assigns, during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with such Powers of leafing, jointuring, and other Powers, as therein-after mentioned, with Remainder to the fame Trustees and their Heirs during his Life, upon Trust to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder (subject as aforesaid) to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Edward St. John Mildmay successively in Tail Male; with Remainder (subject as Gualtier, aforesaid) to the Use of Gualtier St. John Mildmay, another Son of the all0t'lcr io[u said Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay and Dame Jane, and his Assigns, during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with such Powers of leafing, jointuring, and other Powers, as therein mentioned, with Remainder to the fame Trustees and their Heirs, during his Life, upon Trult to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder (subject as aforesaid) to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Gualtier St. John Mildmay successively in Tail Male; with Remainder (subject as aforesaid) to Carew Anth. the Use of Carew Anthony St. John Mildmay, another Son of the said another Son. Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay and Dame Jane, and his Assigns, during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with such 1'ovvers of leafing, jointuring, and other Powers, as therein mentioned, with Remainder to the fame Trustees and their Heirs during his Life, upon Trust to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder (subject as aforesaid) to the Use of the First and other Sons of the said Carew Anthony St. John Mildmay successively in Tail Male; with Remainder (subject as aforesaid) Aug. Tucker, to the Use of Avgujlus Tucker St. John Mildmay, another Son of the said another Son. Sir Henry. Paulet St. John Mildmay and Dame Jane, and his Assigns, during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with such Powers of leafing, jointuring, and other Powers, as therein mentioned, with Remainder to the fame Trustees and their Heirs during his Life, upon Trust to preserve contingent Remainders, with Remainder (subject as aforesaid) to the Use of the First <ind other Sons of the said Aagujius Tucker St.John Mildmay successively in Tail Male; with Remainder, subject as aforesaid, Hugh, to the Use of Hugh Sd. John Mildmay, another of the Sons of the said a"otlieT Son.

Sir

64o 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

Sir Hairy Paulet St. John Mildway and Dame Jane, and hi* Assigns, during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste, with such Powers of leafing, jointuring, and other Powers, as therein mentioned, \<ith^ Remainder to the fame Trustees and their Heirs during his Life, upon I ruff to prefetve contingent Remainders, with Remainder (subject as aforesaid) to the TJfe of the Fir it and other Sons of the said Hugh St. John Mildmay Reminder to fuceefiivtly in Tail Male; with Remainder, subject as aforesaid, (there the Daughter being no other Son of the said Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mild way by the & Daughter. pa; j jj31Tle Jane ) to the Use of all and every the Daughter and Daughters of the said Sir Henry Paulet S/. John Mildmay by the said Dame jane, equally between them for their respective Lives, with Benefit ol Survivor-ship between them; with Remainder to the Use of the right Heirs of the Copyhold said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay for ever; and by virtue also of a Cove-l fitments of nanf contained in the said Indenture of Release and Appointment, certain jmc jane. Copyhold Tenements which came to the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay by virtue_of the Will of Dame Ann Mildmay are now held or covenanted to be held to the Uses, upon the Trusts, and for the Intents and Purposes therein-before limited as to the Freehold Premises, except the Limitations to Trustees to preserve Remainders, and the Limitations to '1 rustees, for Death of Sir the Terms of Three hundred Years and One thousand Years: And HtnryPjulet. whereas the said Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay died in the Month of November One thousand eight hundred and eight, having duly made and published his last Will and Testament in Writing, bearing Date the Sixth Day of July in the same Year, and thereby appointed his now Widow the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay foie Guardian of his infant Children: And whereas the said Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay intermarried with Jane Mildmay Spinster (now the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay) on the Twenty-second Day of June One thousand seven hundred and eighty-six, and had by her no other Sons than those named in the said recited Indenture of Release and Appointment, and the said Testator had by her Four Daughters only (videlicet) Jane Dorothea St. John Mildmay, Maria Mildmay, Judith Ann Mildmay, and Letitia Mildmay: And whereas all the Children of the said Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay, except the said Sir Henry St. John Careiv St. John Mildmay, are Infants under the Age of Twenty-one Years, and the said Sir Henry St. John Catena St. Joint Timber on Mildmay is unmarried: And whereas there is a great Quantity of Timber WTheEftP-rt63 standinS on different Parts of the F.ffates limited to the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay for her Life by the said recited Indenture of the Twenty-ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, some of which is at its full Maturity, and other Part thereof is injurious to the Land, and Hands so thick that it would be of Advantage to the adjoining Trees, and to the Succession of Timber, to cut down under proper Management a considerable Number of the Timber Trees now Handing on the said I’.states:'

I..i(ri:«tTon of And whereas the said Estates were under and by virtue of the said recited be Kftatri. indenture of Release and Appointment limited to the said Sir Henry Pau.et St. John Mildmay during the joint Lives of himself and the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay, without Impeachment of Waste, prior to the several Limitations herein-before set forth, and the said Sir Henry Paulet Sr. John Mildmay being in the actual Possession of the fame Estates, and in the Receipt of the Rents and Profits thereof, was about to have cut down' a censiderable Quantity of the said Timber, and had employed Persons to let out the fame for Sale ugainst the approaching Season, but was prevented by his Death from carrying such his Intention into Execution: ‘

And

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 64*

And whereas the said Sir Henry St. John Carew St. John Mildmay is the First Tenant for Life without Impeachment of Waste of the Lid Estates by Tenant' virtue of the Limitations contained in the fame Indenture of Release and for Appointment, but not being in the actual Possession thereof is not enabled himself, nor can he duly authorize the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay, who is now Tenant for Life in Possession of the fame Estates, to cut down any of the said Timber: And whereas the said Dame Jane St. John Mild- JjLnc may and Sir Henry St. John Carew St. John Mildmay are desirous that such of the Timber Trees now Handing on the said Estates of which the rew arc de|-,. said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay is Tenant for Life in Possession as afore- rous certain said, (and which said Estates are more particularly mentioned and described Tim, Ht7 I reei in the said Schedule to this Act annexed), as are at their full Growth and "n nc cllt Height of Improvement, or in a State of Decay, or by Handing too close hinder the Growth of each other, or of the young and thriving Timber, and by being cut down will promote the Growth of t'r.ofe 'frees which shall be left Handing or which injure the Land on which they grow, shall be reded in TruHees with Power, under proper Reltnictions, to cut down and make Sale of the fame, and that the Monies to arise by such Sales shall, under the Direction of the High Court of Chancery, be laid out in the Purchase of EHates to be settled and limited as herein-after mentioned:

Wherefore Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the said Dame Jane St.John Mildmay on Behalf of herself and her said infant Children, and the said Sir Henry St. John Carew St. John Mildmay, do most humbly beseech Y our Majesty that it may be enacted $ and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the passing of this Act, all and every the Timber Trees which now are Handing and growing,* and which shall be Handing and growing on the several Manors, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Essex, Somerset, Dorset, and Southampton, comprised in the said recited Indentures of the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Days of June One thousand or this h&. eight hundred and eight, and thereby limited in Ule to the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay for her Life as aforesaid, and comprised in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, shall be and the same are hereby veHed in Henry Peters of Betehworth CaJHe in the County of Surrey Esquire, and John Cler k of Shaw/ord House in the said County of Southampton Esquire, their Executors, Administrators, and Alligns, for the Term of Seven Years next after the passing of this Act, if the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay shall so long live,

(but without Prejudice to the Rights of the Lord or Lords of any Manors of which any Copyhold Lands may be holden), upon the Trufis and for the Intents and Purposes herein-after expressed and declared; that is to say, upon Trust that they the said Henry Peters and John Clerk, and the Survivor of. them, and the Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of such Survivor, do and shall, when and so often as they or he in their or his Discretion shall think. necessary and proper with the Consent of the said Sir Henry St. John Carew St. John Mildmay, or in case ol his Death, then with the Consent of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the next Estate in Remainder, immediately 'iter the said Dame Jane St.John Mildmay by virtue of the Limitations contained in the said recited Indenture of Release and Appointment, such Person or Persons being of full Age, or otherwise with the Consent of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, lell and cut down, or cause to be felled and cut down, in Manner herein-after [Lsr. ft? Per.\ 7 Z mentioned.

Veiling the said Timber Trees in certain Persons, in Trust, for the Purposes

t

642

A Surveyor t lie appointed

Receipts of the Trusttei to be valid.

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 35.

mentioned, all and every such Timber Trees as now are or at any Time hereafter shall be at their full Growth and Height of Improvement, or in a State of Decay, or which hinder the Growth of young and thriv ng Timber, or which injure and damage one another, or by being cut down will promote the Growth of those which shall be left Handing, or which injure the Land on which they grow, and to contract for the Sale of and sell and dispose of the fame with the Bark, Branches, Lops and lops thereof, either together or in Parcels, and deliver or cause to be delivered the said Timber Tiees to any Person or Persons who shall be willing to purchase the fame, for the moll Money and best Price that can at the Time of such Contract or Sale be reasonably had or obtained for the fame, with full Liberty for the said Henry Peters and John Clerk, or the Survivor of them, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Survivor, in case of Failure on the Part of any of the Purchasers of the said Timber Trees, Bark, Branches, Lops and Tops, in fulfilling the Conditions of the Sale thereof, to resell the fame, and also with full Liberty from Time to Time to demand and sue for, in their or his Name, and recover and receive all and every the Sum and Sums of Monty which shall or may become payable for or in respect of any such Timber Trees, Bark, Branches,' Lops and 1'ops, and to apply the Money from Time to Time to be received therefrom in the Manner and for the Purposes herein directed.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That before any Timber Trees shall be felled by virtue of this Act, the said Henry Peters and John Clerk, or the Survivor of them, or the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Survivor, shall appoint a Surveyor to view and take an Account of the Timber Trees growing upon the said Estates, or any Part or Parts thereof, falling within the Description of the Timber Trees by this Act authorised to be felled and fold, which it shall be proper to fell and cut down, and to set down in Writing in a Book or Books provided for that Purpose, the Number and Description of the said Trees so to be cut, and the Names of the Farms, Fields, Coppices, or Places in which the same are or shall be Handing; and before the felling of any such Timber Trees such Surveyor shall produce such Book or Books to the said Trustees, and also to the said Sir Henry St. John Carew St. John Mildmay, or in case of his Death to such Remainder-man as aforesaid, and take an Oath, or in case such Surveyor shall be one of the People called Quakers, then a solemn Affirmation, before a Justice of the Peace acting for the County in which such Trees so to be felled as aforesaid shall be Handing or growing, oraMasterin Chancery (which Oath or Affirmation they are hereby respectively authorized to administer), that the said Book or Books doth or do contain, according to the best of the said Surveyor’s Knowledge, Judgement, and Belief, a true Account of the Number and Kinds of such Trees therein spec'fied, and their Situation, and that the lame fall within fume or one of the Descriptions by this Act given of the Timber Trees hereby authorized to be felled.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Receipt or Receipts of the said Henry Peters and John Clerk, and the Survivor of them, and the Executors, Administrators, or Assigns of such Survivor, shall be a good ami effectual Discharge to the Purchaser or Purchasers of the said Timber Trees, or of the Bark, Branches, Lops and 'lops thereof, for so much of their respective Purchase Monies as in such Receipt or Receipts shall be expressed

or

i

643

49® G EO R G11 III. Cep. 35.

or acknowledged to be received, and that such Purchaser or Purchasers, after such Receipts, shall not be obliged to fee to the Application of such Purchase Monies, or be answerable or accountable for any Loss, Misapplication, or Non-application of the fame or any Part thereof.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That notwithstanding the Trull herein-before declared, the said Henry Peters and 'John Clerk, and the Survivor of them, and the Executors, Administrators, and A (Tigris of such Survivor, shall constantly and at all Times during the said I'erm of Seven Years, leave or keep (landing and growing upon the said Estates a large Proportion of Trees fit for cutting, beyond what may be necessary for the Repairs on the said Estates.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Henry Peters and John Clerk, and the Survivor of them, and the Executors, Administrators, and Assigns of such Survivor, and also all and every the Person and Persons who shall or may at any Times or Time hereafter be or become a Purchaser or Purchasers of all or any Part of such Timber Trees, Bark, Branches, Lops, and Tops, as aforesaid, by them-felv.es or their Agents, Servants, Workmen, or Labourers respectively, from Time to Time and at all proper Seasons and Times in the Year, with Horses, Carts, and Carriages, to enter and have free Ingress and Egress in, upon, and out of all and every the Lands and Grounds upon or near •which the said Timber Trees are or shall be (landing or growing, for the Purpose of peeling or barking the Oak Trees, and of felling, cutting down, sawing, and carrying away all and singular such Timber Trees, and the Bark, Branches, Lops, and Tops thereof, making reasonable Satisfaction for any Damage which may be sustained by reason or means thereof.

VI. And be it further enacted, That when and so soon as the Purchase Monies for the said Timber Trees, Bark, Branches, Lops, and 1’ops, or any Instalment thereof, shall have been paid to the said Trustees or Trustee for the Time being, as herein before is mentioned, they the said Henry Peters and John Clerk, and the Survivor of them, and the Executors, Ad-mimstrators, and Assigns of such Survivor, shall from Time to Time pay the fame into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account there under the Title, " The Monies arisen by the Sale of Timber on the settled Estates of Dame Jane St. John Mildmay Widow," pursuant to the Method prescribed by the Act of the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, Chapter Thirty-two, and the general Orders of the said Court, and without Fee or Reward, according to the Act of the Twelfth Year of King George the Second, Chapter Twenty-four; and the Rece:pt or Receipts of any Caftiier of the Bank of England for the said Money, and the Certificate of the said Accountant General annexed to the fame, and filed in the Register Office of the said Court of Chancery, shall be an effectual Release and Discharge to the said Trustees or Trust^e, for the Time being, so paying the fame for the Money therein mentioned and acknowledged to be received.

VII. And be it further enacted, That all the Monies which shall be paid into the Bank as aforesaid, after deducing such Cods, Charges, and Expences as herein mentioned, shall, upon a Petition to be presented to the said

Trustees to leave a large Portion ot Trees (landing.

Allowing Purchasers to have unrao-lested Ingress and Egress.

Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank, of England.

Application of the Purchase Money.

644

Purchase Mo-pies, how to he applied.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. is-

said Court in a summary Way by the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay' be laid out and inverted in the Purchase or Purchases of Manors, Messuages. Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of Inheritance, situate in the County of Southampton, as shall be approved of by the said Court; and from and immediately after the making of such Purchase or Purchases as aforesaid, the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so to be purchased shall be conveyed, settled, and assured to the Use of the said Dame ’Jane St. John Mildmay and her Assigns for her Life, with such and the like Power of leafing as is given to her in the Ertates comprized in the said herein-before recited Indenture of Release and Appointment, and from and immediately after her Decease to the Use of the said Henry Peters and John Clerk, their Heirs and Assigns, upon I rust that they the said Henry Peters and John Clerk, or the Survivor of them, or the Heirs or Assigns of such Survivor, do and shall pay the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof to the said Sir Henry St. John Carew St. John Mildmay, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for the lerm of One Year next after the Death of the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay, in case he the said Sir Henry St. John Carew St. John Mildmay shall so long live, or so much of the fame Rents, Issues, and Profits, as shall become due after the Death of the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay, during the said Period, and from and immediately after the Expiration of One Year next after the Death of the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay, do and shall convey and act'ure the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so fo be purchased, unto the said Sir Henry St.John Carew St. John Mildmay, his Heirs and Assigns, if he shall be then living; but in case the said Sir Henry St. John Carew St. John Mildmay shall die in the Life-time of the said Dame Jane Si. John Mildmay, or shall die before the Expiration of One Year next after her Decease, then upon Trust for the Person or Persons successively, his, her, or their Heirs and Assigns, who under and by virtue of the Limitations contained in the said recited Indenture of the Twenty ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, shall for the Time being be entitled in Possession to an Estate in Tail General or in fail Male, or to anEstate for Life without Impeachment of Waste, in the Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the said recited Indenture of the Twenty-ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight: Provided nevertheless, that no such Person or Persons shall acquire any verted Interest in the Fee Simple of the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so to be purchased, and be entitled to a Conveyance thereof, till he, she, or they shall have been in Possession or entitled to the Possession for One Year of the said Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the said recited Indenture of the Twenty-ninth Day of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and shall have attained <.he Age of Twenty-one Years for One Year.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in the mean Time, and until all the Money arising from the said Sale or Sales shall be inverted in such Purchase or Purchases as aforesaid, the same shall from Time to Time be laid out by the fat'd Accountant General under the Direction of the said Court of Chancery in the Purchase of Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills; and the Interest of the Money so laid out in the said Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, and the Money received for the same as they shall be respectively paid off by Government, shall be laid out in the Purchase of other Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills, all 4 which

645

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

•which said Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills shall be deposited in the Bank in the Name of the said Accountant General, and shall there remain until a proper Purchase or Purchases shall be found and approved as before directed, and until the same shall upon a Petition setting forth such Approbation to be preferred to the said Court of Chancery in a summary Way by or on Behalf of the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay, and after her Death by the said Sir Henry St. John Carrot St. John Mildmay, or the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled in Possession to the Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the said herein recited Indenture, by virtue of the Limitations therein contained as aforesaid, or if such Person or Persons shall be under Age, then of his or their Guardian or Guardians, be ordered by the said Court of Chancery to be sold, and to be applied in such Manner as the Court shall think just and direct j and if the Money arising by the Sale of such Navy or Victualling Bills or Exchequer Bills shall exceed the Amount of the original Money so laid out as aforesaid, then and in that Cafe only the Surplus which shall remain after discharging the Expence of the Application to the Court shall be paid to the Person or Persons respectively who would have been entitled to the Lands directed to be purchased, in case the fame had been purchased pursuant to this Act, or to the Representative or Representatives of such Person or Persons.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, from Time to Time, to make such Orders as the said Court shall think expedient, just, or reasonable, for allowing, taxing, and settling all Costs, Charges, and Expences, which have been or shall be incurred in obtaining and parting this Act, and making the several Applications to the said Court in pursuance thereof, and in making of the Sale or Sales of the Timber Trees, Bark, Branches, Lops, and Tops, hereby vetted in the said Trustees, and in inverting the clear Monies which, under this Act, shall be paid into the Bank of England in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, according to the Directions herein contained, or otherwise in carrying the Trusts and Purposes of this Act into complete Execution, and also from Time to Time to make an Order for Payment of all such Colls, Charges, and Expences, as aforesaid, out of the Monies which shall be so paid into the Bank as aforesaid, or out of the Monies arirtng by Sale of the Navy 05 Victualling or Exchequer Bills so to be purchased as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted, That after the Decease of the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, in a summary Way, upon a Petition to be presented for that Purpose by the said Sir Henry St. John Carenu St. John Mildmay, or the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled in Possession to the Manors and other Hereditaments comprized in the said recited Indentures under the Limita-tions therein contained, in case the said Sir Henry St. John Carcw St.John Mildmay, or such Person or Persons, shall have been entitled in Possession to the fame Manors and other Hereditaments, and have been of full Age for the Space of One Year after the I'1' cease of the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay, if to the said Court shall feern right, to order and di:e£l the Monies herein-before directed to be laid out in the Purchase of Real Estates, if the same shall not have been so inverted, to be paid to the said Sir Henry St. John Carew St. John Mildmay, or such Person or Persons so

ILoc.b iVr.J 8 A entitled

Court of Chancery to make Ordera from Time tq Time.

Court of Chancery to convey the purchased tillatei.

646

Felling of Timber.

In case of Death of the Truf^ees* Court of Chancery to appoint ethers.

Trustees not answerable for others.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 35.

entitled as aforesaid, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for his, her, or their own the and Benefit, instead of ordering the same to be inverted in the Purchase of Real Estates.

XI. And whereas no exact Survey or Catalogue has been made of the Timber Trees growing on the several Manors, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments in the Counties of Dorset and Southampton, by this Act verted in the said Henry Peters and ’John Clerk; be it therefore enacted, lhat nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to authorize the said Henry Peters and John Clerk to tell and cut down, or cause to be felled and cut down, any of the Timber Trees which are or shall be Handing or growing on the said several Manors, Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the said Counties of Dorset and Southampton, comprized in the said recited Indentures of the Twenty-eighth and Twenty-ninth Days of June One thousand eight hundred and eight, and also comprized in the Schedule Co this Act, without the previous Approbation and Order of the said Court of Chancery, obtained on the implication to be made for that Purpose in a summary Way, by Petition to the said Court by the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay.

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That if the said Henry Peters and John Clerk, or either of them, or their or any of their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or any Trustee or Trustees who shall succeed or be appointed in the Stead of them, or any or either of them, as herein-after mentioned, shall die or be dtfirous to be discharged, or thall refuse or decline, or become incapable to act in the Trusts and Powers hereby reposed in them or him, or shall go out of Great Britain before the said Trusts shall be fully performed or executed; then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery, upon a Petition to be presented in a summary Way by the Person or Persons for the Time being beneficially entitled to the Trull Estates or Securities, if such Person or Persons shall be of full Age •, but if such Person or Persons shall be under Age, then by his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, during his, her, or their Minority, or respective Minorities, to appoint any Person or Persons named by the Court to be a Trustee or Trustees in the Place of the Trustee or Trustees so dying, or desiring to be discharged, or declining, or becoming incapable to act, or going out of Great Britain, and thereupon all and every the Powers and Authorities by this Act given shall be veiled in, and all and every the Trust, Property, and Securities shall, with all convenient Speed, be conveyed and transferred in such Sort and Manner as to become legally and effectually veiled in such new Trustee or Trustees, solely or jointly with the surviving or continuing Tiuftee or Trustees, as the Circumstances of the Cafe shall require, upon the fame Trusts as are herein-before declared of and concerning the same respectively, or such of them as shall be then subsisting or capable of taking Effect; and that such new Trustee or Trustees shall and may have, and exercise, and aft, in the Execution of the Trust and Powers aforesaid, in such and the same Manner as if originally named and appointed by this Act.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That neither of the prtfent or future Trustees under this Act shall be answerable or accountable for the others or other of them, or for involuntary Losses; and that by and out of any Money which shall come to their or his Hands or Hand

1 by

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 647

by virtue of any of the aforesaid Tracts, it shall be lawful for them and him' to retain to and reimburse themselves and himself respectively, all the Costs, Charge*, and Expences which they or he may respectively incur or sustain in carrying the Trulls of this present Act into Execution, and not herein particularly provided for.

XIV. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs General and Successors, and to all and every other Persons and Bodies Politic and i»vl"E-Corporate, his, her, and their Heirs, Succedors, Executors, Administrators, and Adigns (other than and except the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay and the said Sir Henry St. John Carew St. John Mildmay and his Issue, and except all and every other the Sons and Daughters of the said

Sir Henry Paulet St. John Mildmay by the said Dame Jane St. John Mildmay, and their, his, and her Issue, and except the Heirs and Adigns of the said Datne Jane St. John Mildmay and all other Person and Persons claiming or to claim any Estate or Interest under and by virtue of the said recited Indenture of Release and Appointment), all such Estate, Right, Title,

Interest, Property, Claim, and Demand whatsoever, of, in, to, or out of the l imber Trees Handing or growing on the said Estates comprized in the said Schedule to this Act annexed, or which shall stand and grow thereon during the said Term of Seven Years, as they, every, or any of them had before the passing this Act, or would or might have had, held, and enjoyed, in case this Act had not been made.

XV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be printed by the Afttohe

Printer to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, and a Copy thereof, so

printed, shall be admitted as Evidence thereof by all Judges, Justices, printer"8* and others.

aio:

A SCHEDULE

648

49°^EORGII III. Cap. 35.

A SCHEDULE OF THE ESTATES

TO WHICH THE FOREGOING ACT REFERS.

*"pHE Manors of Chelmsford otherwise Bishops Hall in Chelmsford, and Moulfham otherwise Moulfham Hall, and the Scite of the Manor of Moulfham, and the Manor of Springfield Barnes, with the Seigniory and Lord ship thereof:

The Manors of Burnham and Mangapp:

The Manor of Crixey, otherwise Crixeth:

The Manor of Markes: and

The Manor of Batlleshall;—all in the County of Fffex j with their respective Rights, Members, and Appurtenances.

The Manors of S>ueen Cornell, otherwise East\Camell Nctberham, and Horn Blaut-ten alias Horn Bloiten; in the County of Somerset; with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances.

The Manor of Upton, alias Upton Ringflead, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, in the County of Dorfef, and the Manor of Brixton Waytes Court, otherwise Brixton, otherwise Waytes Court; with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances $ in the County of Southampton.

FARMS. TENANTS. PARISHES. N° OF ANNUAL

ACRES. RENT.

ESSEX. a. r. r. £ /. d.

Bishop’s Hall James Wenden Chelmsford and Broomfield J 170 0 36 556 O 0

Part of Townfield and Gardens Tho. Albra Chelmsford 11 2 11 <5.3 O 0

Other Part of Do. John Hammond Do. 9 0 23 4 <5 0 0

Bishop’s Hall, Mill and Land Lands adjoining the Mill Jof. Marriage Do. 4 j 34 35 0 0

Do. Do. 23 210 9 <5 0 0

Upper Brickfield Meadow Tho. Durant Do. 8 0 26 60 0 0

Lower Do. The Moiety of King’s Piece, A Long Oakley arid Lower a Oakley - - J (Jha. Murrell Do. Do. 7 3 35 55 0 0

Rt. Tindall, Esq. 181 6 53 0 0

' '

The other Moiety of Do. James Blythe - 1817 53 0 0

Gravel Pit Field - *■ John Chelhunt Do. 34 3 a, J IO 0 0

Barnes Manor Farm John Marriage Springfield 293 I 12 6jo 0 0

Mill Lands and Prentice Farm Joi. Marriage Do. 60 0 17 210 0 0

Three Cups inn and Lands An Inclosure Ball Do. 11 3 11 36 0 0

Ball Do. 6 1 0 3° 0 0

(continued)

49° GEORGII Hi. Cap'S$.

649

ESSEX—continued.

Lands with MouKham Hall Firth Wood

Lower Wood Lodge and 1 Shales Wood - J Lodge Farm Sundry Lauds

Lands round MouKham Hall Tile Kiln Farm

Whitehouse Farm - j

MouKham Street Farm 7'wo Inclosures and Garden 7 Ground - - j

Mill and Lands Corner of Lower Wood Sundry . auds Home Farm Friars

Markes Manor, Warren Farm and Goldsmiths Pigtail Farm Lowlands Farm End House Farm

Battilhall Farm

Black ufh Woods and Land Bourne Plain Wood Land

SOMERSET.

Hazle Grove

Do. Farm Carr.ell Hill Little Do. -

Sundry Lands

Do.

Do.

Camel Town Farm

Sundry Lands Do.

Do

Cottage, Orchard, and Plots Andrews Close

Houses and Lands Do.

-{ *{

Land

Water Mill House, Garden> 1 and Mead - - /

[.loc. U Per.]

Do.

House and Lands Do.

Do.

TENANTS.

In Hand In Hand

Do.

John Marriage Do.

Do.

Edward Myhill Thomas Burn & Wm. Maniage Whitehead Thomas Cooper

Robert Dixon

Abraham Bullen Widow Aris James Tibbets John Jolling J. O. Parker, Esq.

John Lee

John Tyler Isaac Palmer John Tyler

William Fitch

Philip Taylor In Hand Do.

J. Armstrong, Esq. Stowill Marshall Thomas Fitch John ealy John Hockey George Sanl’am Robert Jay

Thomas Caines -

Wm. Howard John Morris Richard Andrews John Barrett Do.

Heller Morris, on 7 lives - 1

John Mullett, on 7 lives - j

In. Winfor, on lives Rob. Corry, on lives John Hockey.on lives Robert Watts, on 7 lives - j

Wm. Cole, on lives

In. Barrett, on lives

PARISHES.

MouKham

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do. and Baddow -

Do. and Baddow -

Do.

Do.

Do. t

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Rumford S: t)a- 1 genhara - J Do.

Rumford

Do.

Lambourn and Sta- I pleford Abbot ( Do.

Do.

Do.

Queen Camell Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Queen Camell and ) Marston Magna J

Do.

Do.

Do. and Mudford Queen Camell Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

Do.

8 a

N OF ACRES.

ANNUAL

RENT.

A. R. p £ X. d.

I 16

<67 3 i2

ya 2 16

>33 I 30 130 0 0

58 3 29 >74 0 0

>»3 I 27 2,-0 0 0

209 I 10 200 0 0

86 3 31 290 0 0

5° O 5 280 0 0

5 3 34 60 0 0

>7 2 3> 11* 0 0

0 3 20 0 5 0

- 8 0 0

108 3 8 250 0 0

6 1 3 35 0 0

142 O >3 150 0 0

23a 0 11 45° 0 0

• 00 0 >3 >°5 0 0

112 2 17 1 to 0 0

284 2 *7 180 c 0

96 2 20 70 0 0

66 1 0

>43 0 4

5> 1 5 196 10 0

268 0 32 40S 0 0

607 1 4 7*4 0 0

142 2 20 176 0 0

25 0 18 3° 0 0

*3 0 11 36 0 0

6 2 ■7 >4 0 0

>74 2 32 300 0 0

47 3 27 75 0 0

69 2 >3 146 0 0

48 2 28 65 0 0

4 0 11 10 0 0

2 3 *5 10 10 0

64 O 10 —

*4 2 39 —

>3 3 22 —

35 0 0

*4 1 *5 —

2S X 0

20 0 20

1 2 0 O 16 0

(ftmtinued)

650

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 35-

FARMS. TENANTS. PARISHES. N° OF ANNUAL

acres. RENT

SOME RSET—continued.

A. R P. £ t. d.

House, Garden, Orchard, Land and 1 Robert Feaver, on ) lives - J Queen Camell 3 2 26 -

A House, Barn, Orchard, and ) Land - - y Elizabeth Francis, j on lives - J Do. 4 2 36 "

A House, Garden, and Close - Miss Foot Do. 2 I 30 —

A House and Land - Ann Reeves, on lives Do. 3 3 I —

Do. •{ Thomas Watts, on 1 lives - / Do. 2 2 12 —

Corn Mill, House, and Land Samuel Pitman, on ? lives - J Do. 3 2 »5

Orchard Do. Do. Do. I 1 30

NETHERHAM.

Netherham Manor Farm - Widow Reynold - Netherham Pitney and Huilh } 5®4 3 17 0 3 34 •wr, 00 J O O O

A Farm - Nfr. John Sherrin | Netherham Pitney and Huilh } ■3s 3 l6 *75 0 0

Do. - Mr Wm. Sherrin Do. 84 3 26 125 0 0

Beer Farm - Martha Sherrin | Netherham and Aider } 5° 1 O 87 10 0

Sundry Woods - In Hand Do. - 73 3 36 40 0 0

A Farm •1 Rev. A nth. Pyne \ on lives - J Netherham - *57 O *5 —

A Farm and Buildings ■! Mr. Starved Mar- \ shall, on lives / Do. - 3* 2 34 -

House, Buildings, and Lands | Mr. Wm, Hill, on / lives - - J Do. - a5 3 3 —

f Tho Gould, James')

A Farm and Buildings •{ King, & others, > on one Liie - J Do. * 2 1 2 >3

A House, Buildings, and Lands James King, on lives Do. - l6 3 26 —

Three Inclosures of Land -{ Widow Grove, on 7 lives - - 5 Do. - s 0 *7 -

A small Farm -{ Hannah Horsey, ) on lives - j Huilh - 18 O *7 -

Five In lofurea - John Chard, on lives Netherham - 21 I 35 —

Four Ditto - In. Jeffery, on lives Do. - 12 3 20 —

A House, Buildings, and Land 1 Joseph Gould, on 7 Do. - 20 I 28 —

Four Inclosures - James Windsor Do. - 8 I 28 —

A House and Four Inclosures ) John Windsor, ou / lives - - 1 Do. - 12 I *9 -

Three Inclosures f Mr. John Mitchell, 7 on lives - j Netherham and Huilh } 10 1 25 -

Land - Mr. Charles Mit- 7 chell, on lives 3 Do. 1 2 II -

House and Lands ■f Marmaduke An- ) drews, on lives J Do. - 8 1 3° -

Manor Farm Mrs. Heller Symes Hornblotten - *78 O 1 O O 0

Jtfansion House, Garden, and | Mr. Wm. Field Charlton Horethqrne 20 . a4 O O 0

A Farm; Mr. John Foot Do. 355 3 4 3^0 0 0

1

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 35. 651

FARMS. TENANTS. PARISHES. fca o o z ANNUAL

ACRES. RENT.

SOUTHAMPTON. A. R. P- eg t. d.

Waitcourt Manor Farm with 7 Lands J Mr. Wm. Arnold - Waitcourt 200 O O o o o

A House, Garden, and Lands | Mary Wheeler, on lives - - J Do. -

House, Garden, and Orchard Ann aker, on lives Do. —

Five Balls Public House and 1 Garden - - J George Morris, on 1 lives - - J Do. -

A House, 7 Cottages, Out-1 William Follicle, ) Do.

buildings, Gardens,& Land / on lives - J —

Two Cottages, a Tenement, 1 Mr. Jolm Wheeler, 7 Do.

Gardens, and Land - / on lives - S —

A Messuage and Buildings, \ Wm Jollifte, on 7 Do. al»out

Garden, Orchard, and Land / lives - - 5

A Cottage, Garden, Orchard, 1 and Land - - / Geo Morris, on lives Do. 6j O O —

Two Cottages, Garden.*!, and 1 Rich. Arnold, on 7 Do.

Land - - J lives - - /

A House, Smith’s Shop, Gar-1 James Ridllone, on t Do.

den, &c, - - / a life - - /

Townsend Cottage, Garden, 1 James Redstone, on I Do.

and Land - - / lives - - J — •*—

A House, School Room, Or- ) Richard Shotter, 1 Do.

chard, and Garden - 1 on life - J

(Signed) Tho. Dyke.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaNj Piiniers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 3 6.

An Act for repairing and amending certain Roads in the County of Peebles, and for better regulating the Statute Labour within the same.

[i2th May 1809.]

WHEREAS by an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled.

An Act for repairing and widening the several Roads in the *s G a. c. 93. County of Peebles, leading from T weedferois towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blyth Bridge, La Mancha, and Whim, and by , Linton and Carlops, and from Inglefton through Carlops, until •oil the said Reads join the Limits of the County of Edinburgh; and by another Act passed in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty*, intituled, An Act for repairing n G. 3. c.*j. and widening the Roads from the Town of Peebles to the Kingleatedge^awaf to Gatehopeknow, Burnfoot, and to the Top of Minchmoor, and to Loachhead, in the County of Peebles-, and by another Act passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to *5G,3 c-7*« continue the Term of an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the several Roads in the County of Peebles, leading ftoin Tweedfcross towards the City of Edinburgh, by Blyth Bridge, La Mancha, and Whim, and by Linton and Carlops, and from Inglefton through Carlops, until all the said Roads join the Limits of the County of [Loc. if Per.] 8 D Edinburgh;

658

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

3*0.3

c. 113.

Ai5t< a6 G. a. 3*J

tcpcJcd.

Edinburgh; and by another Act passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Terms and Poners of. several Acts of the Twenty-/txtb Year of His late Majesty s Reign, and of the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of His prfent Majijif's^ Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Peebles; and for making the said Acts more tffefiual, and for belter regulating the Statute Labour within the said County, certain Persons were appointed Trustees for surveying, ordering, altering, amending, widening, repairing, and keeping :n Repair the said Roads, and for levying and applying the Converfins for Statute Labour within the said County of Peebles: And whereas the said Trustees have proceeded to put the said Acts in Execution, and have for that Purpose from Time to Time borrowed several considerable Sums of Money which still remain due: And whereas it would be attended with great Convenience to the Country, if Power was given to alter the C^urfe of the said Road over Minch Moor, and conduct the fame along the Side of the River Tweed, to join the new Road to Selkirk through FJibank Wood: And whereas it would be greatly to the Advantage of the Public, were the Terms and Powers of the said Acts with regard to Turnpike Roads-enlarged, and if further Powers and Authorities were given re,a-tive to the Conversions for the Statute Labour within the said County; and it is expedient that the said several Acts with such enlarged and amended Powers and Authorities should be reduced and consolidated into one Act; but these Purposes cannot be effected without the Authority of Parliament; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, the Eleventh, Fifteenth, and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of Ills present Majesty, and all the Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Articles, Rates, Penalties, and Forfeitures therein contained, shall from and after the First General Meeting of Trustees to be held under the Authority of this Act be, and the same are hereby repealed, and instead thereof this Act shall from thenceforth commence and be put in Execution; and that this Act and all the Tolls which are hereby authorized to be levied, shall be and they are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls allowed to be levied by the said Acts hereby repealed; and that the Conversion Money in lieu of Statute Labour hereby granted, shall be and is hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the ConveYions in lieu of Statute Labour granted by any of the said Acts hereby repealed, in the same Manner as the said Tolls and Con-vtrfious were severally liable to the Payment of the fame before the passing of this Act; and all Contrafts and Agreements for the Lease of Tolls, making or repairing of Roads, or any other Purposes entered into by the Trustees under any of the said recited Acts hrreby repealed, shall continue in full Force and Efteft, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Trusttes for IT. And be it enacted, That all t^e Freeholders who now (land, or shall nP ke hereafter b admitted on he Roil ot Fretho oers of the County o l ecbles duxin^ the Time they shall continue to stand on the said Roll, ami evt ry

9 Person

4 9° GGEORGII III. Cap. 36. 659

Person who is or shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife in the actual Pofltflion and Enjoyment of the Fee or Life Rent of the Donnnium utile of Lands lying in the said County of Pubks, valued in the Tax Rolls of the said County to the Extent of One hundred Pounds Scots per Annum, or of the clear Value of One hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum, and all and every the eldest Sons of fu.h Freeholders and Fropre-tors, and the Sheriff Depute of the County of Peebles, and the Provost or Chief Magistrate of the Royal Burgh of I idles, both for the Time being, shall be and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for fnr-veying, ordering, making, amending, \\ idening, repairing, and keeping in Repair, and causing to be surveyed, made, amended, widened, repaired, and kept in Repair, the Itveral Roads in the County of Peebles, hereinafter mentioned, •videlicet, the Roads leading from Tweedfcrofis towa ds the City of Edinburgh by E'yth Bridge, La Mancha, and Whim, and by Linton an,: Carlops, and from Inglejhn through Carhops, until all the said Roads join tlu Limits of the County of Edinburgh, and the Roads from the Town of Peebles to Kingseatedge and Gatehopskncvj, Burn* foot, and to the Top of Minchmoor, and to Lochhcad and the Bridges thereon, and for putiing in Execution all the Powers and Authorities by this Act given and granted respecting the said Roads and Budges, with Power to finish any Business relative thereto, begun by the Trustees appointed by all or any of the said recited Acts, and to call to account all Persons who acted under the Authority thereof, and to recovtr all Ar-rears due, and Penalties incurred under the said recited Acts, or any of them.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person other than such Qna!;f\cat!o* Freeholders and Proprietors, and their eldest Sons and Heirs apparent as Trustees*1^ aforesaid, shall be capable of acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall be qualified to act as a Commissioner of Supply for the County of Peebles, or unless he shall be in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife in the adlnal Possession or Enjoyment of Lands or Heritages of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum, or be possessed of or entitled to a Personal Estate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together of the Value of Two thousand Pounds, nor shall any such last-mentioned Person not being qualified to be a Commissioner of Supply be capable of acting in the Execution of this Act until he shall have taken and subscribed the Oath following before any Two or more of the said Trustees, who are hereby authorized and required to administer the same; that is to say,

‘ T do swear, That I truly and bend fide am in my own

* A Right (or in the Right of my Wife, or the Case may be) in t’ne'actual ‘ Possession or Enjoyment of Lands or Heritages of the clear yearly Value of One hundred Pounds Sterling, or possessed or entitled to a Personal

* Estate alone, or Real or Personal Estate together, of the Amount

* or Value of Two thousand Pounds Sterling.

« So help me COD.*

IV. And be it enacted, That if any Person not qualified as aforesaid. Penalty shall, notwithstanding presume to act as a Trustee in the Execution of aCii| !:,of this Act in the Matters aforesaid, every such Person shall for evety Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling besides the Expence of Prosecution, to be recovered by fumraary Complaint at

the

6 6o

TrMfteeS not to hold any Place of i’rofit under this Act.

Time and Place nt General Meetings and Order of Procedure-

Trustffstoip-point Officers, who shall find Security.

■Quorum of T i ulteei-

49* GGEORGII 111. Cap. ^6.

the Suit cfany Perfor. qualified to be a Trustee under this Act before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute of the County of Peebles, or before the Just tices of the Peace of the said County, ar their Quarrer Sessions, and to be paid to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, or Person appointed to receive the same, to be applied for the Purr fes of this Act; and the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Person c m plained of.

V. And be it enacted, That if any of the said Trustees shall accept or hold any Place of Profit arising out of this Act, he shall be incapable of aSing as a Trustee during his Enjoyment of such Place of Profit; and that no Truffee or Toll Gatherer shall fell or retail Beer, Ale, or Spirituous Liquors.

VI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall hold their First General Meeting under this Act in the Town House of the Burgh of Peebles, on the Third Tuesday after the passing of this Act, or as soon thereafter as conveniently maybe, with Power to the said Trustees or Majority of those present at the said General Meeting to adjourn to such other Time and Place as they shall think convenient, and their next General Meeting upon the Day of the Michaelmas Meeting of Freeholders of the said County for the present Year, and the said Trustees shall thereafter hold Two General stated Meetings at Peebles in each Year during the Continuance of this Act, One upon the Day on which the Commissioners of Supply shall meet for assessing the Land Tax on the said County, and the other upon-the Day of the Michaelmas Meeting of Freeholders of the said County, with Power also to the said Trustees at General or District Meetings to name One or more of their Number to be Committees to have the more immediate Care and Management of particular Parts of the said Roads, and in case of several being appointed as a Committee, to name the Number which shall constitute a Quorum, to give to these Committees such InstruSions and such Powers for carrying this Act into Execution as they shall think fit and expedient; and also with Power to the said Trustees in their General, District, and Committee Meetings to appoint Treasurers, Clerks, Cashiers, Collectors, Surveyors, Overseers, and other Officers, with reasonable Salaries for their Trouble; all which Treasurers, Clerks, Cashiers, Collectors, and others appointed to Offices of Trust, shall find Security for the due Execution of their Offices, and shall account on Oath to the said Trustees or such Committees or other Persons appointed to receive their Accounts once every Twelve Months (or oftener if required) for all Monies received by them, and pay over the Balance to the Trustees or their Order, and in case of Default in accounting or Payment, it shall be lawful for the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County, at the Suit of the said Trustees, to commit the Defaulter to Prison till a faithful Account be rendered, or until he shall have compounded with the said Trustees for the Balance due from him as aforesaid, which Composition the said Trustees are hereby authorized and empowered to make: Provided always, that no Person shall be committed for want of sufficient Goods or Property whereon to make Distress for such Balance for any longer Space of Time than Six Months.

VII. And be it enacted, That the Quorum or Number of Trustees necessary to doBufinefsin Geneialor District Meetings shall be Three, but if only One,or any Number less than Three lhn.ll be present at any General or

District

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 36. 661

District Meeting, such Trustees or Trustee shall have Power to adjourn the Meeting, and in that case Notice shall be given of the Day, Place, and Pur-pore of such adjourned Meeting by Advertisement in any Newspaper published in Edinburgh, at least Ten Days previous to the Day of such adjourned Meeting, or by affixing such Advertisement upon each of the Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected on the said Roads, or in case of the said Roads being divided into Districts in virtue of the Powers herein contained, by affixing such Advertisement upon each of the Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected in that District of Road for which such Meeting shall be called; and the Clerk of the said Trustees shall have Power, and he is hereby required, when directed by a Writing under the Hands of any Two or more I'rustees, to call at any Time a General or District Meeting, giving the like previous Notice of the Time, Place, and Purpose of the Meeting; and at such Meetings noBufmefs shall be entered or decided upon other than what is specified in the Notice given as aforesaid, and it shall not be in the Power of any General or District Meeting to rescind, alter, or vary the Determination of any former General or District Meeting, unless previous Notice of the Intention of so doing, and the Time and Place of the Meeting be given by Advertisement in any Edinburgh Newspaper, or affixed upon the Gates or Turnpikes as aforesaid, nor unless Two-thirds of the Trustees present shall. concur therein.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, at their said May divide First General Meeting, or at their Second General Meeting to be held

after the passing of this Act, of which due Notice shall be given in] some aoportion one of the Edinburgh Newspapers at least Ten Days previous to the Day Tolls' o 1 which such Meeting shall be held, may divide the said Roads into such Districts or Sedtions as they shall think fit, and allocate and apportion the Produce of the Tolls arifingat the Turnpikes or Toll Bars erected or to be e edted upon the said Roads, towards the making and upholding of such Districts or Sedtions as they shall think fit; and as soon as such Division, Allocation, and Apportionment shall be so made and adjusted, the Clerk or Treasurer of the said Trustees is hereby authorized and required to enter and record the fame in a Book to be kept for that Purpose:

Provided always, that in all Time thereafter during the Continuance of this Act, it shall not be in the Power of the said Trustees to reverse, vary* or alter the aforesaid Division, Allocation, and Apportionment so entered and recorded as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all the Proceedings of the said Trustees r* Trustees, and an exact Account of all the Money received by virtue of this kesP tt00*11* Act and of the Applicnion of the fame, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerks appointed by the said Trustees, whole Duty it shall be to enter and record regularly all these Proceedings and Accounts, and for that Purpose to call for and oblige the Receivers,

Tacklmcn, and Cashiers to produce their Accounts and Vouchers thereof, anJ in case of their neglecting so to do, they shall forfeit a Sura not exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling; which Books of Account and Proceedings shall be open to the Inspeciion of every Heritor in the County of Peebles, without Fee or Reward; and in case of Misapplication of Money borrowed, collected, received, or levied by or under this Act, all and every Person or Persons who shall so misapply the fame, or by whose Authority [Lee. Per.2 8 E the

6o2

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

the Misapplication thereof shall be made, shall forfeit Double the Sum misapplied, with Coils of Suit, to be recovered at the Suit of Iwo or more Heritors of the County of Peebles by a summary Proceis before the Court of Session, out of which Sum, when recovered, the Sum so mifap-piied shall be paid to the Trullees for the Purposes of this Act, and the Remainder be divided into two Moieties, one to be paid to the Trustees for the like Purposes, and the other to the Persons suing for the fame; and Committees appointed as aforesaid shall be accountable to the General Meetings, and for that Purpose shall lay before them, once in the Year at lead, a State of their Accounts, and all other their Transactions, to be by them at one of their dated General Meetings examined, audited, and approved; and in case of Failure or Neglect, the Clerk of the General Meeting shall and he is hereby required to apply to the SheriffDepute or Substitute of the County, or to the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions, which Sheriff or Justices shall grant a Warrant for summoning the Clerk of the Committee so failing, or other Person or Persons to whom the said Failure or Neglect is imputed, and on Proof of such Failure or Neglect, shall fine him or them in a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling, to be paid to the said Trustees to be by them applied to the Purposes of this Act.

Miy eiert X. And be it enacted.That the said Trustees ata General or DidriftMeet-

anTroU * ing adembled, shall and may continue and erect or cause to be erected, such Houits. Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, in or across any Part or Parts of the said Roads, or of the Cross Roads leading into or joining any of the said Roads, and particularly on that Cross Road called the Drummthier blobs and Meldon Road, the Cross Road leading up the Strath or Valley of the River Lyne, the Cross Road leading to Dalkeith, in the County of Edinburgh, and the Cross Road leading from Noble Hau/e to the Water of Skirling, in the said County of Peebles; and also shall and may continue and erect or cause to be erected such Number of Toll Houses as they shall think fit, provided that such Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpike', shall be at a Di(lance not less than Six English Miles from each other meTured on the fame Road, and may authorise their Collectors cr Tacksmen under their Authority, to take and levy at each of the said Gates or Turnpikes, before any Passage be permitted thereat, a Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding the following Rates; that is to say,

T4!e For every Coach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Chaise, Calash, Chair,

Hearse, or other such Carriage, drawn by Six or move Horses or Bealls of Draught, the Sum of Six Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses or other Beasts of Draught, the

Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses or other Beasts of Draught, ihe Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by OneHorfe or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling:

For every Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other such Carriage, drawn by Six <• r more Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of &x Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Four Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or other Beads of

Draught,

49° G EO R G11 III. Cap.z6. 665

Draught, the Sum of Three Shillings Sterling; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings Sterling; and drawn by One Horse or other Bead of Draught, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence Sterling:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs.with or without a Rider, ' laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling:

For every Drove of Oxen, Neat Cattle, Asses, Horses, or Fillies, un-Ihcd, the Sum of Five Shillings Sterling, per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number: And,

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, the Sum of One Shilling Sterling, per Score; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number:

And the said Trustees shall cause a Table of the Rates of Toll authorized for the Time being to be collected at each Toll Bar, to be printed and affixed upon or near each Turnpike Gate or Toll House, for the Informa' tion of all concerned.

XI. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and they are Trustees may hereby empowered to diminish or lessen any or all of the said Tolls upon anTraifc°lbei» any One or more of the said Roads or any Part thereof, with the Consent again.

of the Persons entitled to Five-sixth Parts of the Money then due and owing on the Credit of the said Tolls, but not other wise; and also to raise the Tolls again if they shall see Cause, but so as not at any Time to exceed the Tolls authorized to be levied as aforesaid by this Art; and also, if they shall think proper, with the Consent of the whole Creditors on the respt-rtive Tolls and Duties to cause the said Tolls and Duties to cease and determine.

XII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall, if they find it necef- Trustees may fary, cause Weighing Engines to be eredfed upon such Parts of the said fe&w<igh. Roads as they shall think fit for weighing all Carriages that shall pass *lis

along the said Roads, and shall receive and take (over and above the 'Foils hereby granted) the following Sums of Money as additional Tolls; for every Hundred Weight (of One hundred and twelve Pounds to the Hundred) which any Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, together with the Loading thereof shall weigh,atany of the said Weighng Engines, over and above the Weight which such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage is allowed to weigh, without paying additional Toll; that is to say, for the first and second Hundred the Sum of Three-pence Sterling for each Hundred; for every Hundred of such over Weight above Two Hundred and not exceeding Five Hundred, the Sum of Sixpence Sterling; for every Hundred of such over Weight above Five Hundred and not exceeding Ten Hundred the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling; for every Hundred of such over Weight above Ten Hundred and not exceeding Fifteen Hundred, the Sum of five Shilling? Sterling; and 1 or every Hundred of such over Weight above Fifteen Hundred, the Sum of Twenty Shillings Sterling, before they respectively shall be permitted to pass through such Gate or Turnpike; and the same shall be applied as the other Tolls are by this Act directed to be applied; and in case any Person or Persons shall hinder or obstrurt the weighing of any Carriage as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, besides ail necessary Expences.

5

664.

ReeuU'iom concerning Tin: Weight of Cani3fcrtb.

Toils refft d *♦* the Truf-tm.

T !’.« may be levied by *>*($.

Turnpike tvard Toil Hon e« vetted in Truliecf.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, shall be allowed to pass without paying any additional Toll, provided such Waggon, Cart, or Carriage, with its Loading does not weigh more than the Weights following; videlicet, Every Waggon, or Four-wheeled Carriage, having the Fellies or Rollers of the Wheels of the Breadth of Sixteen Inches, rolling on an even Surface, and bearing equally on the whole Breadth Eight Tons in Summer and Seven Tons in Winter; every Waggon or Wain having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Nine Inches, rolling on an even Surface, and bearing equally on the whole Breadth Six Tons in Summer and Five Tons and One-half in Winter; every Cart having the Fellies of the Breadth of Nine Inches, rolling on an even Surface, and bearing equally on the whole Breadth Three Tons in Summer and Two Ions fifteen hundred Weight in Winter; every Waggon having the Fellies of the Breadth of Six Inches, rolling on an even Surface, and bearing equally on the whole Breadth Four Tons five hundred Weight in Summer, and Three Tons fifteen hundred Weight in Winter; every Cart having the Fellies of the Breadth of Six Inches, rolling on an even Surface, and bearing equally on the whole Breadth Two Tons twelve hundred Weight in Summer, and Two Tons seven hundred Weight in Winter; every Waggon having the Fellies of less Breadth than Six Inches, Three Tons and a Half in Summer and Three Tons in Winter; every Cart having the Fellies of less Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by Two or more Horses, One Ton and a Half in Summer and One Ton seven hundred Weight in Winter; and every such Cart drawn by One Horse, One Ton both in Summer and Winter,all the above Weights being Avoirdupois; and for the aforesaid Purposes it shall be deemed Summer from the First Day of May to the Thirty-first Day of Ofloier, and Winter from the First Day of November to the Thirtieth Day of rfpril both inclusive.

XIV. And be it enacted, That the Money so to be raised and collected as aforesaid shall, and is hereby declared to be vested in the said Trustees, and shall be strictly applied to and for the Uses and Purposes by this Act directed; nor shall any Part thereof be expended without their Orders, or the Orders of their Committees, or other Persons authorized by General Meetings; and if any Person or Persons, subject to the Payment of Tolls hereby granted, shall, after Demand made, neglect or refuse to pay the fame, the said Trustees shall be and are hereby empowered, by them~ selves or such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint to levy the same, by Distress and Sale of any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle or Carriage, upon which such Toll is imposed, and to keep such Cattle or Carriage until the Toll and Charges of the Distress be paid; and after the Expiration of Six Days to fell the Cattle or Carriage distrained by public Roup, at the Toll House where the Toll should have been paid, returning ihe Overplus to the Owner, on Demand, (if any be,) after Deduction of such Toll and all Charge lor distraining, keeping, appraising, and felling the same.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Right and Property of all and every the said Turnpikes Toll Iioufes, and Premises, to be erected in virtue of this Act, and Materials thereof, with the Materials that shall be collected and dug up for making and repairing the said Roads and

Bridges-

665

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

Bridges, shall be reded in the said Trustees, who may and are hereby authorized to dispose of them as they shall think proper, for the Purposes of this Act only.

XVI. And for the better enabling the said Trustees to ered the Toll Houses necessary for collecting the said Tolls, be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby empowered to purchase and take in Lease such Pieces of Ground as they shall judge most convenient, not exceeding One Fourth of an Acre for each House; and if they cannot agree with the Proprietor and Occupier of the Ground, they shall apply to the Sheriff Depute or Subdicute of the County, who shall have Power, and are hereby required to oblige such Proprietor or Occupier to give a Lease of the said Ground for any Term not exceeding the Continuance of this Act, and fix the Rent of the fame, whose Determination shall be final.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to ered, orcanfe to be erected, One or more Gate or Gates on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, and across any Road, Lane, or Way leading into the fame -, and also a Toll House at each such Gate, and there to take and receive such Tolls as are hereby granted and made payable, but so as that a Ticket received at any such Side Gate or Cross Bar, shall entitle the Receiver thereof to pass I oil free through the next Gate or Turnpike, if within Six Miles, on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock on the succeeding Night.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person occupying any Lands or other Premises near co the said Roads, shall adift or be accessary in permitting any Person to pass over the fame, or through any private Gate or Passage with any Horse, Beall, or Carriage, liable to pay Toll by virtue of this Act or shall connive thereat, or if any Person shall ride or drive any Horse, Bead, or Carriage through any private Road or Passage, or shall forcibly pass through or assist any Person in passing through any Turnpike Gate erected or to be erected on the said Roads, by any of which Means the Payment of such Toll may be evaded, such Person so permitting or conniving at, and the Person or Persons riding or driving such Horse, Beall, or Carriage, through such Grounds or private Passage, or forcibly passing through any Turnpike Gate, being convicted thereof by the Testimony of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses. before the Sheriff Depute or Substitute, or any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County ai Peebles, or any of the adjoining Counties, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the said Trustees or their Coliedor or Colkdors for the Time being, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling over and above the Expences of Suit.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall take oft"any H »r!e or Horles, or Oxen, or other Beasts of Draught, from any Carriage, at or before the same shall come to any of the Gates or Turnpikes erected by virtue of this Act, with an Intention to evade the Payment of any of the l olls hereby imposed or any Part thereof, or shall leave or cause to hr lelt upon or near any Part of the said Roads any Carriage, or any Horse, Bead, or Cattle, with such Intent as aforesaid, each

£ Loc. Es5 Per.1 S f a ad

Trusttpi may purchase Lands and erect Tv-11 House!.

Trustees may crest Sid* ,.j Gates.

Penalty on Persons going or permitting; others to go through any Gate.

Penalty on

taking i tt Hodes, itt.

666

Penalty on unloiHing Carriages before coming t o a Gate.

Toils to be P'iii only one: a Day.

Penalty on P-rfoni His po ing cf or

ic^eiving T.ckets, &c.

£ r.eov>tir*j irom Toll.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

and every Person or Persons so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaicT, and being thereof convicted in Manner aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay to the said Trustees, or to their Collector or Collectors for the time being, for their Use, a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling.

XX. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons travelling on the said Roads in a Coach, Chaise, or any other such Carriage, shall (top before coming to a Turnpike Gate, and walk through the Gate; or in case any Person or Persons shall unload any Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage travelling along the said Roads before coming to a Turnpike, and shall carry the said Load through such Gate, such Person or Persons shall pay the Tolls by this Act imposed, in the same Manner as if such Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage, had gone through the Turnpike Gate without being unloaded; and if such Person or Persons shall refuse to pay such Tolls, he, she, or they, shall for(eit and pay a Sum not exceeding 1 wenty Shillings Sterling to the said Trustees, or their Collector or Collectors, for the Time being, for each of such Carriages.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons having paid the Tolls herein-before granted at any of the said Gates or Turnpikes, shall on the same Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock of the succeeding Night) be liable to pay again the said Tolls at any Gate or Turnpike through which they shall have pa(fed, for returning or repassing with the fame Coach, Chaise, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage drawn by the fame Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, or for the fame Horse, or other Bead or Cattle for which any such Toll shall have been paid; but in case the fame Coach, Chaise, Waggon, Cart, or other Wheel Carriage, Horse, Afs, or other Bead or Cattle, shall repass the Gate or Turnpike with a new Loading a second or more Times in the same Day, they shall in such Case pay the Tolls for each Time they shall so pass with a new Loading in the same Manner as for the firfb Time.

XXII. And for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the said Tolls, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons having paid the Toll by this Act imposed, and having a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, signifying the Payment of such Toll, shall give or dispose of the same to any other Person or Persons, in order to avoid Payment of the said Toll, every such Person so giving or disposing of such Note or Ticker, Notes or Tickets, or receiving the fame, being convicted thereof upon Oath before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, or belore the Sheriff Depute, or Substitute of the County of Peebles, or of any of the adjoining Counties, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding 1 wenty Shillings Sterling to the said Trustees, or their Collector or Collectors for the Time being.

XXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That no Person or Persons shall be charged with any of the Tolls aforesaid, for passing through any of the Turnpikes to be erected by virtue of this Act, who shall not travel above Two hundred Yards on the said Roads; nor any Carriage going to carry or convey, or carrying or conveying, or returning from carrying or conveying any Stones or other Materials for making or repairing the said Roads and Bridges, or other Public

Roads

667

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

Roads or Bridges within the said County, or any of the Causeways within or belonging to the fame; nor for any Horses, Cattle, Corn, or any Kind of Crops or Implements of Husbandry passing to or from, or carried to or from any Field through any Gate or Turnpike situated on the Farm to which the Corn, Crops, Implements of Hufbmdry, Horses, or Cattle passing as aforesaid belong; nor for the Paflfage of any Dung for manuring Lands lying within the County of Peebles', nor shall any Occupier or Occupiers of Fields or Burgh Roods on which no Offices or Barn Yards are erected for the Use of the said Fields or Lands, be liable to pay any of the said Tolls for any of their Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Pasture in the said Fields or Lands, or with Implements of Ilufbandry, nor for Horses or Carriages carrying ary Corn in the Straw, Hay, or Grass, being the Produce of the said Fietds or Roods, to the Place where the said Corn in the Straw, Hay, or Grass is usually kept or used by the said Occupier or Occupiers; nor for Corn of any Kind sent to Mills or Kilns, to be manufactured for the Use of Farmers, their Families, and Cottars, or returning therefrom; nor for Horses or other Bealls of Draught or Burden, or empty Carriages returning from carrying the Articles aforesaid, or any of them; nor for Horses or Cattle going to or returning fram palturing or watering Places; nor for Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Smithies for the Purpose of being (hod; nor for Horses, Carts, or other Carriages drawing or carrying Ploughs or other Implements of Husbandry to eft from the Grounds on which the fame have been or are to be at work, or returning from carrying or drawing the fame, provided it be not necessary for these Purposes to travel more than One Mile on any of the said Turnpike Roads; nor shall any Toll be demanded from any Person or ‘Persons who shall pass or return through the said Turnpikes to or from their Parish Church, Chapel, or any other Place of Religious Worship belonging to or situate within the Parish where such Person resides, upon a Sunday or any other Day on which Divine Worship is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; nor for any Persons who shall pass or return on attending the Funeral of any Person or Persons who shall die and be buried in any of the Parishes in which the Roads hereby directed to be repaired do liej; nor for any Horses or Carriages of whatever Description employed or io be employed in carrying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmalter General, e'ther when employed in carrying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning from conveying the fame; nor for the Horses or Carriages of Officers or Soldiers upon tly-ir March or upon Duty; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in carrying any sick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or in returning from carrying or conveying the fame; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriagevvhatfoe.tr, or the Horse or Horses, or other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commiflfariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces; nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding furnished by of for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for

and

668 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

and on the Days of Exercise; provided always, that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively; nor for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons travelling with and conveying Vagrants or Criminals sent with legal PafTes, or returning from conveying the fame; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the said Exemptions, not being legally entitled to the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

Exempting

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving or ££8"-* causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat or other PubiioStores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the U e of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Over-weight; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage beltopped or detained, by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or ather Carriage, to put aay Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Toils to be

XXV. And be it enacted, That if any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turn-fn six Miles05 P'k's> are or shall be erected within a less Distance of each other than Six Miles, any Person or Persons producing a Ticket to shew that he, she, or they have paid the Tolls at one Gate, shall not pay any further Tolls till the Distance exceeds Six Statute Miles from the Gate at which he, she, or they shall have paid: Provided always, That such Exemption shall only take Place in the Cafe of any Person or Persons continuing to travel on the fame Line of Road or Branches thereof.

Trune»s may

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees at aGeneral or let the Tons. Dutrift Meeting assembled, or a Committee to be named by any General or District Meeting, may and they are hereby authorized and empowered by Public Roup, to let the said respective Tolls or Duties, in Whole or by Parcels, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, by Lease or otherwise, for any Term not exceeding Three Years for thi highest Rate or Rates they can get for the fame, to such Person or Persons as shall from Time to Time give such good and sufficient Security for paying thereof as shall be approved by the said Trustees.

Trust es may

XXVII. And Ke it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said on the ic'b' Trustees, aver ad above the Mmey which may be now due and owing on the Credit of the Tolls allowed to be levied by the said Xds hereby repealed, to botrow such Sum or sums of Money as they shall judge to be necessary, on the C edit of the Tolls leviable at any or each of the Turnpike Gat's to be erected determined by virme of this Act, to be laid out in making and repairing the said Roads and Bridges, erecting Toll H,»uses and defraying other Expences of carrying tint Ad into Execution; provided that the whole Amount of the Money so borrowed shall not at any one

Time

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 36. 66g

Time exceed Thirty thousand Pounds, declaring that the Money so borrowed shall be and continue a Lien upon the Tolls granted by this Act, upon that Part of the Uoads for the Use of wh'ch the Money was borrowed or advanced; and it shall be lawful for the said Tiuflees, and they are hereby empowered to assign the Whole or any Part of the Tolls by this Act impol'ed to the Person or Persons front whom the Money as aforesaid shall be borrowed as a Security for Payment of the Sum or Sums of Money so lent by them with the Interest thereupon; and the Alignments of the Tolls for Money so borrowed shall be entered in a Book to t-e kept by the said Trustees, or such Persons as they shall appoint; which Book may be seen and perused at all reasonable Times by any Person or Persons any way interested as a Land Owner in the Laid County, or as a Creditor as aforesaid, w rhout Fee or Regard; and the Securities to be granted by the said Trustees for the Purposes aforesaid,

shall be transferable by Indorsement duty lublctibed by the Party transferring in the Presence of one or more subscribing Wirnels or Witnesses in Manner herein-after mentioned.

XXVIII. And be it hereby declared, That the said Trustees shall not be Ta,iter* not held or adjudged to have rendered themselves personally liab'e for the Re-payment of the Money borrowed, or Interest thereof, by reason of having signed the Securities; which Securities are to be held and considered

as granted upon the foie Credit and Security of the Tolls; nor shall any Trustee be held personally liable upon any Pretext for Payment of any Sum which he shall not have bound himself to pay personally as an Individual, independent of his Office as a Trustee under this Act.

XXIX. And whereas many Parts of the said Roads, and particularly that Trusteesto over Minchmoor, lead over steep Grounds, which may be avoided, and several [J]et)e Parts of the Roads are near to Rivers and Waters which injure them, and in

some Instances injure and demolish Bridges, which may be prevented; be amended. kc. it therefore further enacted, That the said Trustees in their General or Dif-tricl Meetings as aforesaid, shall be, and they are hereby authorised to alter the present Line and Direction of the said Road over Minchmoor, by con-dufting the fame along the >ide of the River Tweed, to join the new Road to Selkirk, through Elibank Wood, and where it shall appear expedient, to alter the Line and Direction of any of the said Roads, from higher to lower Grounds, so as to avoid Pulls, and to settle the particular Direction of the fame; and to cause the Course of Rivers or Waters to be altered, Co as best to prevent Injury to Roads and Bridges, for which Purpose the Persons employed by them may go upon the adjacent Lands, provided that reasonable Satisfaction shall be made by the said Trustees to the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands for the Damage done, to be settled as herein-alter mentioned.

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall

wilfully orjmaliciously break down, or otherwise destroy or defaceanyTurn- tre" kiLdown pike Gates, Mile Stones, Ports, Chains, Bars, Houses, or other Works Gate., &c. whatsoever erected for the Use of such Turnpikes, or shall refeue any Person in Custody for any of these Oft'ences, every Person so offending, being thereof law fully convicted in any Prosecution ordered by the said Trustees, or any 'Two of them, upon the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be o.e the Sheriffs, or any Two or more J Loc. Per.~\ 8 C Justices

67o 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

Justices of the Peace of the County of Peebles, or of any adjoining County, shall be condemned to pay any Sum not exceeding Treble the Damages iuftained, together with the Cods of Suit, and to be imprisoned for any Time not exceeding Two Calendar Months and thereafter, until the Damages and Colls awarded shall be paid.

Pr.-vrcr to

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall have Power ToIis'0U'ld for at ^e'r General, Didrift or Committee Meetings, to compound or agree by the Year or otherwise with any Person or Persons travelling the said Roads, the Compofirion agreed upon being made payable Quarterly, and by Advance; and Copies of all such Agreements shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that by the Clerk or respective Clerks, to be seen and perused by any Person or Persons at all reasonable Times without Fee or Reward.

p-mlty on the

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Keepers of the CatrttorVo* Turnpike Gates already erected or to be erected by virtue of this Act shall attending, &c. fail in due Performance of their Duty, or shallnegieft to give conllant Attendance at all Hours, and a free and ready Passage to all Persons and Carriages on Payment offered of the Toll, it shall be in the Powder of the said Trustees, or any Two of them, and they are hereby required on fatjs-faflory Proof given, to levy from each Toll Keeper so offending in all or every of the said Particulars such a Sum as to them shall appear reasonable, jiot exceeding Five Pounds Sterling for each Offence.

XXXIII. And for the more effectually making, repairing, and keeping in Repair the other Roads and Bridges in the said County of Peebles, be it further enacted, That all the Freeholders who new Hand or shall hereafter be admitted on the Roll of Freeholders in the said County during the Time they shall continue to stand on the said Roll, and every Person who is or shall be in his own Right or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment of the Fee or Liferent of the dominium utile of Lands lying in the said County of Peebles, valued in the Tax Rolls of the said County to the Extent of One hundred Pounds Scots per Annum, or of the clear Value of One hundred Pounds Sterling per Annum, and all and every the eldest Sons of such Freeholders and Proprietors, and the SheriffDepute of the County of Peebles, and the Provost or Chief Magistrate of the Royal Burgh of Peebles, both for the Time being, shall be and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for ordering and superintending the making and repairing and keeping in Repair, or causing to be f'urveyed, altered, and repaired, all and every the Roads and Bridges within the County of Peebles, other than and hefides the said Roads in the said County on which Turnpikes are or shall be erected and Tolls taken in virtue of this Act; and for levying and applying the Assessment hereinafter allowed to be imposed and levied, and for carrying into Execution the whole Powers given by any general Law or by this present Act relative to such Roads and Bridges within the said County.

XXXIV. Provided always, That if any Person, net qualified as aforesaid, shall notwithstanding presume to act as a Trusteeas aforesaid, every such Person shall, for every such acting, forfeit the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, befHes the Expences of Prosecution, to be recovered by Complaint in a summary Way, at the Suit of any Heritor within the said

County,

Qualification ot Trulter* for convening the Siarutc ■Labour.

Penalty on

acting it not qualified-

671

49c GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

County, before the Sheriff Depute of the County of Peebles or his Substitute, or before the Justices of the Peace at their Quarter Sessions,which Penalty shall be paid to the Trustees aforesaid, or their Clerk, to be applied by them for the Purp tfes of this Act; and in case of such Complaint, the Proof of the Qualification shall be upon the Person complained of.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Paid Trustees, or any Three or more of them shall, in order to put this Act into Execution, meet within the Town floufo of Peebles on the same Day on which the Trustees herein-before named, fur the Superintendence and Direction of the Turnpike Roads, hold their first Hated General Meeting under this Act, and shall meet thereafter yearly on the Days appointed for the annual dated General Meetings of the said Trustees for the Turnpike Hoads, with Power to adjourn and name a Prefes, and also a Clerk with a suitable Salary for his Trouble, who shall keep a regular Record of their Proceedings, and when required shall give out Extracts of the Orders or Proceedings of the Trustees, containing Warrants for putting their Orders into Execution.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That at all General Meetings of the said Trustees Three shall be a (Quorum; and if a Quorum shall not attend, any One or rnoie Trustees attending shall have Power to adjourn.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Clerk of the said Trustees, or in his Absence the Prefes of the former General Meeting shall, when directed by Two or more Trustee', call a General Meeting by Advertise-inent in any Newspaper, published at Edinburgh Ten Days before such Meeting, signifying the Purpose of the lame; and no Person but the Clerk or the Prefes of the fame General Meeting shall have Power to call such special Meetings.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Determination of either of the annual stated Meetings or the Rules and Regulations established by them, shall be annulled or altered till the next annual stated Meeting, ora Meeting advertised for that special Purpose.

XXXIX. And be it enacted, That all Occupiers of Land, whether Owners, Liferenters, or Tenants, shall be liable to furnish as Statute Labour annually Six Days Labour of a Man with a Horse and Ca-t for each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, or in the Option of the said Trustees to pay yearly a Composition in Money for the Lands occupied by them respectively, according to the valued Rent of such Lands, the Conversion for each One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent being the Value of Six Days Labour of one Man with a Horse and Cart, and so in Proportion for a higher or lower Valuation; and which Conversion shall be ascertained in Manner after mentioned.

XL. And be it enacted, That all Carters, Carriers, and other Persons having Places of Residence within the County of Peebles, and keeping 'Horses for hire, or for carrying on their Trades and Occupations, or for Pleasure. whether constantly or occasionally, shall be liable to furnish an-

4 Dually

First and other Meetings ol Trustees.

Quorum of Trustees.

Clerk to call Meetings.

D-trrmina-

tion of An. nual Meeting* not to be altere 1 till next Annual Meeting, or a Special Meeting.

Conversion in lieu ol Statute Labour.

Rates payable

by Cattera , lec.

672 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

rually One Da'’s Labour of a Man with a Horse and Cart, or in the Option of the said Trustees, instead of performing Statute Labour, shall pay a Composition or Conversion in Money, rot exceeding the Value of such Labour, and all Cottagers, Labourers, Colliers, Miners, Mechanicks, Tradelnien, and Workmen at any Manufacture within th laid County, being Householders of the rVge of Twenty-one Years complete and upwards, and not liable as aforesaid as Occupiers of Land or Keepers of Ilorfes, shall be liable for f our Days Labour of One Man annually, or in the Option of the said Trustees to pay a Conversion in Money equal to the Value of such Labour; all such Conversions to be ascertained in lt«t not to be Manner herein-af'er mentioned: Provided always, that if the Persons keep-Couble rstut. ing Horses shall be assessed at the same Time as Occupiers of Land within the County, they shall be entitled to a Deduction of the Composition to which they are liable inre'pect-of their Horses and Men employed with such Horses out of the Assessment on their Lands, or to a Deduction of the Assessment upon their Lands out of the Composition to which they are liable in respect of their Horses and Men employed with such Horses, according as the one shall exceed the other respectively; but they shall not

be liable in Payment of both Assessments.

C1*tsymen

XLI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act ana S;iio i- contained shall subject Clergymen of the established Church of Scotland, habi- f-r the r 10 the Pet formance of Statute Labour, or to be assess'ed for the Conversion Mantes, &c. thereof in respect of their Mantes and Glebes in their na ural Possession, or Parish Schoolmasters in respect: of their Schoolhouses, Dwellinghouses or Lands thereto belonging.

Trustee' to KLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said TruffeirfralnVa *es at t^le‘r bdrft or any fubffquent General Meeting, or at any Adjourn-

rithe, &c. ment thereof, and they are hereby authorized and required to nominate

and appoint One or more Assessors for each Village or Parish within the County, as they shall think fit, and such Assessors shall return upon Oath (which Oath any One or more of fte said Trustees is and are he eby empowered to administer) to the Clerk to be appointed as aforesaid, ana within such Time as the said Trustees shall direct, a full and correct Lift of all Lands which are not valued in the Cess Books of the said County, with the Names of the Owners and Occupiers thereof, respectively, as also of all Houses which have no cultivated or profitable Land belonging to the fame, the Yearly Rent whereof may amount to Twenty Shillings Sterling or upwards, with the Names of the Occupiers thereof, together with a just and full Account of the Rent of such Lands and Houses when the same are occupied by Tenants, or the Annual Value thereof to the best of their Judgment when they are occupied by the Proprietors, or when the Rent payable by the Tenant cannot be diteovered, and also a List of all Persons keeping Horses as aforesaid, with a just and full Account of the Number of Horses kept by each Person as well as of the Men employed with such Hoites, and li.cewife aLift of the Cottagers, Workmen, Manufactures, and others above ueteribed,who are not liable as Occupiers of Land or Keepers of Horses, and thn r within the respective Villages or Partlhes for which they are appointed to act as Assessors, and if any Person or Persons shall think hiinlelf, herself, or themselves aggrieved by such Return, it shall be competent for him, her, or them, to complain to a General Meeting of Trustees, who are hereby empowered and required to

hear

673

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

hear and finally to determine upon the Matter of such Complaint, and such Assessors shall be allowed a reasonable Gratification for their Trouble.

XLIII. And be it enacted, That the respective Owners and Liferenters of Lands in the said County, shall in the First Place make Payment of the y^on »o the said Composition chargeable on their whole respective Properties in the Coii'-<3»rof said County to the Coiled or of the Cess or Land Tax thereof, (who is t!ie Lintl T,x hereby authorised to receive and discharge the fame), and that by Two Half Yearly Moieties upon the Twenty-fifth Day of March and Twenty-ninth Day of September, beginning the First Half Yearly Payment thereof on the Twenty-ninth Day of March, One thousand eight hundred and nine, and when so paid, the said Owners and Liferenters shall be entitled to Repayment and Relief from their respective Tenants of a Proportion of the said Composition corresponding to the valued Rent of the Lands occupied and possessed by such Tenants respectively, and in all Cafes where the valued Rent of an Owner, Liferenter or Tenant’s Possession does not appear from the Valuation Books of the County, the valued to the" Rent thereof shall be ascertained by the Propottion that the real Rent or valued Rent. Annual Value thereof shall bear to the Total real Rent of the Owners and Liferenters Lands in the Parish where the Possession is situated, and in the Event of any Dispute betwixt an Owner or Liferenter and Tenant, with regard to the Annual Value of any Lands in the Occupation of such Owner or Liferenter, the same shall be determined by the Sheriff Depute of the said County or his Substitute, at the Suit of either Party, and such Determination shall be final and conclusive, and the Collector of the Land Tax shall be bound, and is hereby required to keep in his Bocks a separate and diltinbt Account of the Money levied and received for such Composition as aforesaid from each Parish in the said County.

XLIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if the said Trustees a* Puerto *p-their General Meetings assembled shall think proper, they may appoint afepa- Coleftur. rate Collector or Cashier for receiving and paying away the said Convet-fion of the Statute Labour, and may require the Collector of the Cess or Land Tax to exhibit to them a Schedule of the Persons liable in Payment of such Cess or Land Tax, and containing the Sums for which each Person is liable, and also to appoint Collectors or Cashiers to whom the whole o:her Conversions herein-before granted and made payable shall be paid by the several Persons liable inPayment of the fame, in Manner before mentioned, and the Collectors or Cashiers, Collector or Cashier lb to be appointed by the said Trustees shall enter all their Receipts and Payments regularly in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and the said Trustees may remove such Collectors or Cashiers, Collector or Cashier, and may appoint other or others in his or their Stead as often as they shall think proper; and the said Collector of the Cess or Land Tax, or the Collectors or Cashiers, Collector or Cashier so to be appointed as aforesaid, shall find Security to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, to account annually or as often as they shall be required, for all the Money received by them, and to pay the Balance or Balances in their Hands to the said Trustees or their Order when demanded, they being always allowed a suitable Gratifi. cation for their Trouble, not exceeding Five Pounds/>cT Centum of the Sums which they shall collect and receive.

[Lee. & Per.] 8 H

674r

Tnifte"S may raise or leiTen the Ka’e of Couverliun.

Ap;liest'Cn the Money.

For Compel, lirvr hi mint of the Cun-veifian.

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 36.

XLV. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees shall, at their first Meeting to be held under the Authority of this Act, or at some Adjournment thereof as aforesaid, and afterwards at their annual General Meetings, on the Thirtieth Day of April, or at some Adjournment thereof, advertised in any Newspaper published in Edinburgh Ten Days at lead before such Meeting, settle and fix the Rate of Conversion of the Statute Labour in respect of Lands as aforesaid, for each Parish respectively within the County; and it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees as aforesaid to ascertain the Value of Labour of a Man and a Horse and Cart for a Day, which Value so ascertained, shall remain the Rule for Assessment under this Act until altered by a subsequent annual General Meeting, on the Thirtieth Day of April; and the said Trustees may enlarge or diminish in the fame Proportion the Sums above mentioned to be payable by Carters, Carriers, Cottagers, Workmen, Mechanicks, Manufacturers, and others, in Manner before mentioned; and further, may settle and fix different Rates of Conversion for different Parishes, as the State of the Roads and the Number and Circumstances of the Inhabitants within the respective Parishes may require.

XLVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Money raised by the Conversion of the Statute Labour in each Parish, shall after defraying the Exigence of collecting the fame be applied to the Roads and Bridges other than Turnpike Roads and Bridges within the same respectively, and to no other Purpose, unless a Majority of the Heritors of that Parish being Trustees, shall at a General Meeting assembled, agree to apply a Part thereof to Roads or Bridges in any other Parish, and if the Coni-pofnion Money of any Parift), or any Part thereof, shall be applied other Ways than as hereby directed, the Trustees who shall autiiorise such Misapplication, shall be liable to refund the Money so misapplied, with full Costs of suing for the fame by any of the other Trustees, or of any Owner of Lands or Houses within the Par fh in which it wasraised and levied in any Action, to be puilued before the Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, or any Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County of Peebles, and the Money so recovered shall be applied to the repairing of the Roads of the Parish in which the Money so misapplied was raised.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, liable to pay the said Conversion, shall refuse or neglect on or before the said respective Days above-mentioned to pay the fame, it shall then be lawful for the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, or for Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, to grant a Warrant for poinding the Effects of the Deficient in a summar/ Way, to appraise them on the Spot where found, and afterwards to sell the same by Auction for Payment of the Assessment or Conversion, which shall be due, together with the full Charges attending the Recovery thereof; and the Surplus (if any) shall be paid, when demanded, to the Person whose Effects shall have been so poinded, and in case sufficient Distrtfs cannot be found, or sufficient Security given for Payment, it shall be lawful for the said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, o: Justices aforesaid, by Warrant under their Hands to imprison the Deficient for any Time, not exceeding Three Calendar Mofiths, unless such Conversion and all reasonable Charges shall be i'ooner paid, which Warrants ate to be granted by the SheriffDepute, or his Substitute,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

stitute, or Justices aforesaid, upon an Application made to them, or any of them, and an Attestation signed by any of the Collectors, certifying that the Peri'on complained of had been deficient in paying the Assessments or Conversions above-mentioned, and expressing therein the Arrears of such Persons.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That it fhalPand may be lawful to Composition and for the Magistrates of the Royal Burgh of Peebles, lo levy or cause to be levied from the Inhabitants of the said Burgh (excepting the Clergyman of Peeiiiej. the Parish unless he be in the Occupation of Lands other than his Glebe valued in the Cess or Stent Books of the BurghJ a Composition in Money in lieu of Statute Labour, not exceeding the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence Sterling yearly for each Man within the said Burgh, liable to perform Statute Labour, and also to levy or cause to be levied from Carters, Carriers, and all other Persons within the said Burgh (excepting as aforesaid), keeping a Horse or Horses for Draught, Labour, or Riding, a Composition in Money not exceeding Three Shillings Sterling yearly for such Horse, the said several Compositions to be payable at the Term of Whilfiu'.day yearly; and as the said Sums of Two Shillings and Sixpence for the Labour of each Man, and Three Shillings for each Horse are considered to be the present Value of One Day’s Labour of each Man and each Horse, the said Magistrates are hereby empowered annually in Time coining, to ascertain the Value of One Day’s Labour of a Man and a Horse, and to demand Payment of the fame, although it be more than the Sums above-mentioned, and on the other Hand, they shall be obliged to restrict their Demand to the said Value, in case it shall be less than the above-specified Sums; and if any Perffan or Perfor.s shall refuse or neglect to make Payment of the said Cornpofuions at the said Term to the said Magistrates, or to the Collector or Collectors appointed by them, for levying the fame, then the Proceedings at the Suit of the Magistrates, or their Collector for compelling Payment thereof, shall be in the same Manner as herein-before directed, for compelling Payment of the County Compositions, and which Monies when lb levied shall (after defraying the Expence of the Collection thereof) be applied at the Sight and by the Direction of the said Magistrates to the Streets and Roads in use to be repaired by the Statute Labour of the said Burgh, and to no other Purpose, unless a Majority of the Magistrates and Town Council assembled, shall agree to apply the said Monies or Parc thereof to other Roads in the Baiilh of Peebles, or in any of the adjoining Parishes.

XLIX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if it shall appear to the pCfromaf, said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitule, or to the said Justices, that any Col- grieved nuy left or or Collectors shall have made an oppressive Complaint before them, o^gJ.‘,'bIe it shall be la.vful to the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, or Justices as aforesaid, to award treble the Amount of the Damages which shall be sustained by any Person or Persons who have been injured and oppressed by such Warrant or Warrants, such Damages to be paid to the Person or Persons injured by the Collrftor or Collectors, upon whose Application the Warrant or Warrants were granted.

L. And be it farther enacted, That the said Trustees, instead of apply- Tru(te;«m*y ing the Composition of the Statute Labour, for each fubfrquent Year, at ^?t°Ans\f °‘n' their General Meetings or Adjournments thereof, may appoint One or more their'Nw,ar

Ijf for 1 be diffet-

ent Paiilhei.

676

:ifl case the Trustees appointed b/ this A?, neglect to rxcri.te the fame, the Con. million, ers of Supply may fix the Co.iverfiLn Money.

Power to borrow Monty.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

of their Number in each Parish Committees, with Power to appropriate the Composition Money to the Roads within the Parish; and it shall also be lawful to the said Trustees to chuse Committees from their own Number, or to appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think capable, to have the general Oversight and Direction of making the necessary Repair upon the Roads within each Parish, with Power to such Committees and Overseers to grant to the Workmen whom he or they may employ, an Order on the Collector for Payment of their Work, lb as such Order shall never exceed.the Sum allotted to that Parish Road by the General Meeting; and in which Order the said Committees or Overseers shall describe the Road or Roads for which it is issued, and the Person or Persons employed in making or repairing such Roads, entitled to receive the Money for Work actually done, and no Money shall be paid except upon such Order as before mentioned.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to the Commissioners of Supply for the said County of Peebles, at their annual Meeting on the Thirtieth Day of April for laying on the Land Tax, that the Trustees for the Conversion of the Statute Labour by this Act appointed, shall have neglected in any one Year to fix the Rates of Conversion for Lands, Houses, ILorfes, or Men employed with such Ho fes, or Occupiers of Houses aforesaid exclusive of Occupiers of Lands and Keepers of Horses, or shall have neglected to appoint a Collector or Collectors for levying the said Conversion, or to apply the same as by this Aftdirested, or shall have neglected in any other Way, to put in Execution the Powers hereby vested in them for the Purposes thereof, then and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners of Supply at their annual Meeting aforesaid, to afiefs the County according to the highest Rates of Conversio herein authorized, and to appoint Collt&ors for receiving and paying away the fame, and Overseers for the applying and laying out thereof, in repairing the Roads within die County, under the Direction and C'ontroul of the said Commissioners of Supply, who shall enjoy all the Powers in raising, levying, and applying the Conversion of the Statute Labour, and be subject to the fame Regulations as the Trustees herein appointed.

LII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees and they are hereby empowered to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money which they shall deem necessary for making and repairing the Roads of any Parish within the County, upon the Credit of the Conversion Money raised or toberaised in the said Parish, so as the Sum borrowed shall not at any Tiine exceed Five Years Conversion of the Statute Labour in the said Padlh, and to assign a Portion of the said Conversion Money not exceeding One Half thereof for such a Term of Years as shall be necessary lor repaying the Sum or Sums borrowed with Interest, until the same shall be repaid, which Sum or Sums so borrowed, shall be laid out within the particular Parish upon the Conversion Money of which the Assignment is granted, and upon the Roads of no other Parish whatever, unless with the Consent of the Heritors and Trustees as herein-before mentioned: Provided always, that such Transactions shall be entered in the Books of the faiii Trustees, and that such Loan and Assignment be agreed to by Two-thirds of the Trustees qualified as aforesaid. Proprietors of Land in the Parish for the Use of which the Money is to be borrowrd.

6

49° GGEORGII III. Cap 36.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees (as well those appointed for the Turnpike Roads as those appointed to manage the other Roads and Bridges through the said County generally, and the Conversion Money, the present and subsequent Regulations in this Act applying to both Sets of Trustees, and to both Objects, except where herein-after specially appointed to the contrary) shall at all their Meetings pjy their own Expences.

LIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That the said respective Trui ees, may sue or be filed for any Matter or Thing to be done in the Execution of this Act, in the Name or their Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being; and that no Action or Suit therein the said Trustees shall be concerned as Pursuers or Defenders in the Name of their Clerk or Treasurer by virtue of this Act, shall abate by the Death or Removal of any such Clerks or Treasurers, but that the Clerks or Treasurers to the said I'ruffees for the Time being shall be deemed to be the Pursuers or Defenders (as the Case may be) in every such Action.

LV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said respective Trustees to build fences and to (hut up and suppress Publish R.oads ol every Description, which may appear useless or of little Importance to the Publick: Provided always, that Notice of the Resolution to ihut up any such Road be given by Advertisement at the Churches of the Parishes through which the said Road passes, for two conl'ecutive Sundays One Month at lead before the said Road shall actually be (hut up; and that any Person or Persons who shall think himlclf, herself, or themselves aggrieved by such Resolution, may apply to the Sheriff Depute of the County of Peebles, or his Substitute, who, if hefeesCause, is hereby empowered to suspend the Execution thereof, until the next General Meeting of the Trustees who shall hear and determine therein, subject to Appeal to the Quarter Sessions as herein mentioned.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees shall be and they are hereby authorised to cause the Roads to be amended, widened, and repaired, in such Manner as they shall think proper; and either to enter into Concrads or Agreements from Time to Time, (the fame not exceeding the Term of Five Years,) for making, repairing, or upholding the said Roads, as they shall think (it, or to authorise the Trustees of any particular Parish to do so; and they are also hereby authorised to settle the particular Direction of the Roads, and to employ Engineers, Surveyors, and other Persons, with suitable Allowances for their Trouble; and also to make, or cause to be made, causeways, and to cut and make Drains, Ditches, and Passages for Water, through any Ground adjacent, and to keep clear such Ditches or Outlets; and for such Purpose the Workmen employed by them, may go upon the said Lands: Provided always, that reafor.able Satisfaction be made to the Owner and Occupier of such Lands for the Damage done; and if the said Owner or Occupier shall not be satisfied with the Allowance offered by the Trustees, he and they shall be at liberty to apply to the Quarter Sessions of the said County, who shall have Power finally to settle the same.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees shall have Power to cause to be built new Arches and Bridges [Lee. Per.'] 8 1 of

677

Trustees so

pv, flit ir own expences.

Trustees miy lue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk and Treasurtn

Trustees may (hue up uleiefs Roads;

on givinj; One Month's previous Notice at Panlll Churches.

Trustees may

cause Kcsds to be altered and repined.

May make Drains, &c.

To ere A new Bridges, &c.

678

To wiflcn t'is R iads and »!'«• the C lurfe thereof'

To pull down Hous.s, &c.

With Exce,1* thms.

Proprietors under Entail or not, may renounce Claims of Damage.

Incapacitated Peif.rns may fell Lands.

Sheriff to furr.-mon a J r o fix V u oi r.nwl a 1J Houfs.

490 GGEORGII III. Cap. 36.

of Stone, Brick, or Timber on the said Roads, and to cause to be taken down old Bridges become unnecessary, and to apply the Materials thereof as they shall see proper for the Purposes of this Act; and also to cause such of the said Turnpike Roads as arc not of fufKcient Width to be widened to any Breadth not exceeding Forty Feet exclusive of the Footways, and clear of the Ditches, and to cause such of the other Roads as are not of sufficient Width to be widened to any Breadth not exceeding l'wenty-soar Feet exclusive of the Footways and clear of the Ditches, and to cause the Course of such Parts of the said Roads r.s they shall think proper to be altered for shortening the fame or making them more commodious and level; and for these Purposes to cause all Dwelling-Houses, OIBce-Houses, or other Buildings falling within the Line of Road, the SideWalls whereof shalt not exceed 1 wentyFeet in Height, and allOut-fide or Foreflairs', or projecting Buildings, in any Town, Village, or Place, and all Fences and other Impediments to betaken downandremoved, after giving the Owners or Occupiers thereof Six Months Notice of the Purpose intended: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall be construed to empower the said respective Trustees to remove oi encroach upon any House, the Side Walls of which exceed Twenty Feet in Height, nor any Garden, Orchard, Yard, planted Walk, nor the Avenue to any House, nor any Ground set apart, inclosed and used as a Nursery for Trees; and the Road so altered and widened shall thereafter be taken and held to be a Publick Highway, and comprehended within this Att.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall be in the Power of all Proprietors and Occupiers of Lands, as well entailed as unentailed, to give up and renounce every Claim of Damage or otherwise, competent to them by this Act, for such Ground and Materials as any new Road may occupy or require on their respective Properties, in cales where the fame does not exceed the Value of Twenty Pounds, and that such Renunciation is and shall be equally binding on the Heirs of such Proprietors, and shall in no way infer an Irnt ncy under such Entail against the Grantor of such Renunciation.

LIX. And be it further emitted. That the said Trulhees shall be, and they are hereby empowered to take and acquire, and ali Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Heirs of Entail, Hufbaods, Trustees, Tutors, and Cuators, and all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, though under any legal Disability or Incapacity are hereby empowered and required to fell, let, and convey all such Lands or Houses as may be necessary for the making, altering, or widening the said Roads or any of them, and eretting any Toll Bar or Toll House thereon, or for floring Matdials, or otherwise, where Ground is necessary for the Purposes of this Act.

LX. And be it further enacted, That in taking the necessary Ground for making, altering, or widening the said Turnpike or other Road', or other Pur oses before-mentioned, altering the Course of Rivers or Waters, or in taking down any House or Houses or Fart or Part of any House or Houses, and in emoving Fences or other Impediments, by Authority of this Att, if the said respective Trustees shall not come to an Agreement with the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of such Grounds, or with the Owner or Owner*, Occupier or Occupiers of any House or Houses,

i or

679

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

or Part or Parts of any House or Houses, wh'ich are to be taken down, or whose Fences are to be altered or removed, as aforesaid; or in case the Claim of Damages which maybe thence incurred has not been renounced in Manner aforesaid. Application shall be made to the Sheriff Depute of the County, or his Substitute, to futninon a Ju y, in order to value the Ground necessary to b; taken and used as aforesaid, or Houses or Parts of Houses necessary to be taken down for so widening and enlarging the said Roads or Highways, and the Loss or Damage ensuing from the altering or removing of Fences, or other Impediments; and the said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, is hereby empowered and required upon Application by the said Trudee% or their T>eafurer or Clerk, to order Notice thereof to be given to the O wher or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of such Ground or Houses, and afterwards to ifftte a Summons in the usual Manner for calling together and impannelling a Jury confiding of Fifteen Persons in Number, to examine into, and after such Exami ration to return a Verdict upon Oath as to the Damage fudained, both in respect of the Lands or Houses taken or pulled down by the said Trustees, and on Account of the Fences necessary to be pulled down, and they shall also have Power to ascertain what new Fences diould he erected and the Value then o!, z:rd appoint the same to be made, or the said Value to be paid along with the Damage; and in ascertaining the Value of the Dyi<es or Inclosures which it may be necessary to pull down in making new Roads, the Jury shall also have Power to direct such Dykes as may thereby become useless to the Proprietor tube taken down and removed by the said Trustees upon Payment of such Allowance therefore as the said Jury may determine; a’d it shall be optional to the Proprietor eitherto accept of the Allowance so awarded, dr to retain the Materials of the said Dykes to his own private Use; and after a Verdict is pronounced as aforesaid, the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitute is hereby required to adjudge Payment of the Value and Amount of the Loss or Damage thereby awarded to the P-.ufons having a Right thereto; and upon Payment being made by the said respective Trustees out of the Money raised by vi tue of this Act, of the Sum awarded to the Party or Parties intereded, or Consignation of the said Sum in the Bank of Scot/anl, or Royal Bank of Scotland, the said respectNe Trustees shall from thenceforth have Right and be it Liberty to take and use the Ground, and to take down the Houses and Fences or Parts of Houses and Fences lo valued, for the Purposes of altering, widening, and extending the Roads and Hghways aforesaid, as fully and effectually ever after, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Owner or Owners and Occupier or Occupiers of such Ground, Houses, or Fences, had executed regular D tpofuions of the fame, and thereupon Infeftinenr had followed; and the said Proceedings and Orders of the Sheriff Depute or his Subfti-tuce itiall be final, and not removable or quessionable by Bills or Letrers of Advocation or Suspension to or by any other Court whatsoever, any Law or Ullage to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXI. Provided always, That in the Event that such Jury shall award a greater Compensation than the Trustees shall have offered, but less than the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers shall have required, the Expence of such Jury shall be defrayed and borne by the said Trustees and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers equally; but in case the fan! Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or OccU-pie s, the Sum lo required, or any greater Sam, the Whole of the said

Sheriff to utilise raiment of the Sum awarded by the Jury.

Expences of Juty.

680 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

Expence shall be paid by the said Trustees; and on the other Hand, if the said Jury shall award the Sum offered by the said Trustees, or a leis Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Om upiers: Provided always, that in all Cafes where any Person or Persons (halt by reason of Abience or Incapacity be prevented from treating with the said Trustees, such Colts and;Expences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees: Provided a!so, that after having paid to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Houses such Sum a, the said Trustees shall think reaftmable, or in case of their Refusal to accept the fame, after having consigned such Sum in the Bank ot Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, it shall an'1 may be iawiul for them to enter into and upon such Lands or Homes f r the Purposes of this Act; and no Stop shall in the mean Time be put to the Operations of the said Trustees, on Pretence of settling the said Damage, or that they have not been satisfied and paid.

to prevent unnecelLry Trouble and Delay, bs it further the Worefo enacted, That in case any Person interested shall apply for and obtain from Camion * °n any Ju^l'e competent, a Warrant for (topping the Execution of any of the found. Purposes aforesaid to be carried on under the Authority of this Act, the said Judge is hereby directed and empowered to recal such \\ arrant and remove any Sift obtained as aforesaid, provided sufficient Caution is found by the respective Trustees therein named for the Amount of such Damages, as may be ultimately awarded to the Person suing for the lame, and ascertained in Manner nerein-before prescribed.

Application

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or tion where1*" awar<^et^ to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages pur-cseceding chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Pur-aooi. poses thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life Rents,

Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Incorporation, Married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, ot; Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall in case the same shall amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds Sterling, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be with all convenient Speed paid into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a fununary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Heritages Handing settled therewith to the fame or to the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money flu 1 not be so applied, then the same shall be hid out and invelted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and s, ami in the same Manner ns the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages which shall be lb purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be exilting undetermined and capable of * — 4 taking

68i

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

taking Effefl; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest or annual Produce of such Money shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling and not less than the Sum of Twenty Pounds Sterling, then and in all such cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Heritages so purchased, taken, or used, and of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his, her, or their Accounts as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by the said Trustees (such Nomination and Approbation to be signed in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties) in order that such Principal Money, and the Interest: arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case may be applicable.

LXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds Sterling, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Heritages so purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

LXVI. And be it further enacted, That injeafe any Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased by virtue of this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said respective Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Trustees to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, (describing them,) subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the Court of Session, [Lot. 0? Per-] 8 K which

Where the Compensation does not exceed eoo1 and is not less than sol.

Where it is le& than jo 1.

In case of not making out Titles ■,

of if Persons

cannot he found, Purchase Money to be paid into the Bank;

subject to tht Older of the Coat t ot StL. iioil.

682

Whtie any Quction shall arifr touching ti e Title to the Money to be paid, the Person who th all be in Possession of the Lands,

& c. at the Time of fitch Purchase shall be deemed entitled thereto according to such poffefhon.

The Court

may order reasonable E*i>«nc‘s of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

Old Roads to be sold.

49° GEORGII III. Cap.T,6.

which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the lame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Ertates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premil'es as to the said Court shall ieem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who lit all receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is ,or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person, to any Money to be paid into the said Banks in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages according to such possession until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session, and such Money and the Interest thereof shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

LXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hetitages, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That whenever the Course of the said Roads shall be altered as soon as the new Road shall be completed, and made passable for Carriages, in case the old Road shall thereby become useless, and may be shut up without Inconvenience, the said respective Trustees shall be and are hereby empowered, if they fee proper, to value, by a Jury as aforesaid, or otherwise as they may deem necessary, and dil-

pose

68j

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

pose of or fell the Land or Ground composing such old or former Road, and that according to the Value of unimproved or uncultivated Lands in the Neighbourhood; the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Grounds through which the said old Road did pass, having always the Preference of Purchase at the said Valuation; and Affidavit shall be made by the Clerk of the District within which the old Road is situated of such Offer of Preference having been made; and the Money arising from such Sale shall be applied and disposed of for the Purposes of this Act, relative to that District or Section of the Roads (whether supported by the Tolls hereby granted or by the Conversions in lieu of Statute Labour) to which the said old or former Road shall have belonged, and the Sale and Conveyance or Conveyances to be made of such Lands and Grounds comprising the said old Road, shall be good and effectual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

LXX. And be it further enacted, That in altering the Course of any of the Roa«tmaypar« saidlloads, or widening the fame, it shall be in the Power of the said Trustees ^0?,?h ,a to cause the same to be carried through any Minister’s Glebe: Provided Glebe.'1 * always, that such Quantity of Ground shall be added to the Glebe lying most contiguous and convenient thereto, as shall be by the said respective Trustees deemed a sufficient Compensation for that taken for the said Roads; which Grounds the said Trustees shall have Power to purchase in Manner herein mentioned, from the contiguous Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, whether the lame be under Entail or otherwise; and in case of any Difference with regard to the Addition to be made to such Glebe, or the Price to be paid to such Owner or Owners,

Occupier or Occupiers, Application shall be made to the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, of the said County, who shall summon a Jury, and determine the Extent of the said Addition and Amount of such Price, in Manner as herein-before directed, in Cafes of Land to be taken for the Purposes of this Act; and upon such Determination, and upon Payment being made by the said Trustees of such Price to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Ground or Consignation thereof in the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, the said Trustees shall from thenceforth have a Right to cause the said Addition to be made to the Glebe, and in the mean Time to take and use such Part of the Glebe as shall be necessary for the Purpose of altering or widening the said Road; and the Proceedings and Order of the said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, shall be final and conclusive.

LXXI. Provided always, and be it declared, That in every case where it Ground tak;n may be necessary to exchange or take Ground as herein-before allowed for ndh MhJcd* the Purposes of this Act, the fame shalljnot affect, alter, or diminish the Rent, valued Rent of the Lands from which such Ground shall be so taken.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said respective Trustees, or'such TruiUes nur Person or Persons as they shall appoint, may dig, gather, take, and carry away Mate*

Gravel, Furze, Heath, Stones, or such other like Materials for the making, m s> fcc' amending, and repairing of the said Roads, and for building Arches and Bridges or repairing the same as aforesaid out of any Grounds where the Came may be found, whether the fame be within the said County of Peebles, or in any other adjoining thereto, provided the Dillance from the Confines

68+

on paying Damages.

Notice to be eiven before Materials taken.

Proprietors c Occupiers to clean! e Ditclie>, &c.

490 GGEORGII III. Cap. 36.

fines of the County of Peebles shall not exceed Eight hundred and eighty Yards, (such Materials not having been dug or raised for the private Use of the Proprietor of such Grounds) and to open Accefies for carrying off the said Materials, such Accefies, and the Places from whence the said Materials shall be proposed to be taken, being first marked out by any Two or more of the said Trustees after Notice in Writing given by them or Intimation before Two Witnesses or by some Person by their Order, to the Proprietor of such Grounds, or his or her Fador, and to the Occupier thereof Six Days previous to marking out the fame, the Trustees making reasonable Satisfaction, if demanded, to the Owners and Occupiers of such Grounds respectively from which the Materials shall be taken or over which the fame may be carried, for the Damages to be done thereby, and for the Value of such Materials; but if such Proprietor, Factor, or Occupier shall not be l'atisfied with the Compensation offered by the said Trustees, the same shall be asceruined by a Jury to be impannelled by-the Sheriff Depute or his Substitutejas aforesaid, whose Proceedings shall be final; but such Applications shall not prevent the said Trustees from causing the said Materials to be carried off and used in the meantime.

LXXIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Surveyor or any other Person or Persons under the Authority of this Act, to dig, gather, take, and carry away any Materials for making and repairing the said Roads, Arches, or Bridges, from any inclosed Lands or Grounds until either the Consent of the Proprietor is obtained, or Notice in Writing shall have been given to the Occupier of the Premises from which such Materials are intended to be taken or left for such Occupier at his usual Place of Residence to appear before the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County from which such Materials are to be taken, to shew Cause why such Materials should not be had from such Lands or Grounds; and in case such Occupier shall attend pursuant to such Notice the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, or such Justices shall, if they think proper, authorize such Surveyor or other Persons to dig, take, and carry away such Materials at such Time or Times as to such Trustees or any Three or more of them, or to such Justices, shall seem proper; and if such Occupier neglect or refuse to appear by himself or his Agent, the said Trustees or any Three or more of them, or such Justices, shall and may make such Order therein as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if such Occupier or his Agent had attended.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Ditches have been or hereafter shall be made, near the Sides of the said Roads, or through any Fields adjoining thereto, by the Proprietors or Occupiers of the said Fields, such Proprietors or Occupiers shall be, and they are hereby required to keep the Ditches properly scoured, and not allow the Water to stagnare therein so that the Roads may be thereby damaged; and if they fail to do so, after Six Days Notice previously given, the said respective Trustees, or the Overseers of the Roads by the Direction of any of the Trustees, may and are hereby required to order the said Ditches to be opened, scoured, and cleansed, at the Cost of the said Proprietors or Occupiers, such Costs to be recovered by Distress and Sale of any moveable Effects, in the same Manner as herein before directed for levying the Assessraenc hereby granted j

and

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 36. 685

and if any Occupier of Land shall turn any Water across or upon the Side °cc.ul‘.1!1*,0 or Sides of any of the said Roads, he or fha shall condufl such Water Xnp the"'* either in an open or covered Drain of such Form and Dimensions, as the R.°* said Trustees in a General, Difbidt, or Committee Meeting assembled shall the Trustee». order and direct; and if such Occupier of Land shall, after Ten Days Notice, refuse or neglect to make such Drain, according to the Directions of the said Trustees as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the said Trustees to order and cause such Drain to be made; and the Person or Persons refusing or neglecting to make the fame agreeably to the Orders and Directions of the said Trustees as aforesaid, shall repay to the said Trustees all the Costs, Charges and Expences attending the making such Drain, and shall likewise pay a Penalty of Treble the Amount of such Colts Charges, and Expences; the said Costs and Penalty to be levied by Dif-trefsand Sale, in Manner herein-before directed, and to be applied for the Purposes of this Acr.

LXXV. Provided always, That the Drains and Ditches to be made by Order of the said respective Trustees shall be scoured and kept in Repair by the Occupiers of the Lands through which the Drains pals; and if any Occupier of Land through which such Drains and Ditches are or shall be made, shall wilfully obstruct or fill up any of them, the Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit and pay Treble the Expence of repairing and scouring the fame, to be recovered in Manner hersin-after mentioned; and the said Occupier shall be deemed the Transgressor, unless it shall appear to the Trustees that he was not in Fault; and where any Passage for Cattle or Carriages across any Road for the Convenience of the Occupier of the Ground through which it passesareor shall be made, the Occupier of such Ground shall in no case fill up the Water Table or Drain, but shall always cover the Drains crossing the Sides of such Road with fuflkient Stones or other proper Materials, so as the Course of the Water may not be interrupted, or the Road thereby prejudiced; and no Occupier of Land shall turn any Water upon the Side of any of the said Roads, or let it run over the said Roads, but shall be obliged to conduct the Water across the Road in a covered Drain of such Depth and Construction as the Water may not prejudice the Road.

LXXVI. And whereas the Roads to be made under the Authority of this Breath of Act may be much prejudiced by the Narrowness of the Wheels of the wheel Car-several Carriages travelling thereon, and by the excessive Burdens loaded unJV^" on such Carriages, be it enacted, That no Waggon having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels constructed as aforesaid of the Breadth of Nine Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Eight Horses; and that no Cart having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels thereof of the Breadth ot Nine Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Five Horses; and that no Waggon having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, and rolling on each Side a Surface of Nine Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Seven Horses; and that r.o such Waggon, rolling a Surface of Six Inches only, shall go or be dtawn with more than Six Horses j and that no Cart having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth ot Six Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Four Horses; and that no Waggon having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches, shall go or be drawn with mor* than Five \_Lec. 13 Ter.] £ L Horses;

Oi'che* and Drains to be scoured at the Expence of Occupier*.

Penalty on tilling up Ditches.

686

under certain £enaititi4

No Driven to drive their Catiiages or Holies ahrtaft.

©riven of Carriage*, &c-on meeting other Carnages, &c. to drWe to the Left Hand or near Side.

Notice of new Jialolures to be given to the Trustee*

490 G EO R G 11 HI. Cap. 36.

Horses; and that no Cart having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Five Inches, shall go or be drawn with more than Three Harles; and that no Waggon havng the i-ole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of the Breadth of Four Inches, Ibail go or be draun with more than Four Horses; and that no Waggon having the Sole or Bottom of the Fellies of the Wheels of less Breadth than Four Inches, shall be drawn with more than Three Horses upon the said Roads, under the Penalties after mentioned; that is to lay, that the Owner of such Waggon or Cart respectively, shall forfeit a Sutn not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling, and the Driver, not being the O-vner, a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling, for every Horse or Bead by which the same shall be drawn, above the Number hereby so limited respectively as aforesaid, one Half whereof shall be paid to the Informer, and the other Half applied to the Repair of the Roads within the District where the Offence is committed; and where the said Trustees may find it necessary to place Stones or other Obstructions to prevent any new Road from being cut or rutted by the Wheels of Carriages running in the fame Track, the Owner or Driver of such Carriages, on being convicted before any Juliiceof the Peace, by the Oath of One or mors credible Witness offWitnesses of having removed or destroyed such Stones or Obstructions placed for the Purpose aforesaid, shall respectively be liable in the same Penalties to be incurred by such Owner or Driver in Manner as before directed.

1.XXVII. And be it enacted, That no Driver of any Waggon, Wain, Cart, Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or ether Beall of Burden, whether the fame be loaden or unloaden, shall drive or permit the same to travel or Hand upon any of the said Roads or any Part thereof abreast or alongside of any other Waggon, Wain, Capt, Coach, Chaise or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule or other Beall of Burden, so as wilfully to cbftrudt the free Passage of the said Road or any Part thereof; and every Person and Persons offending in the Premises shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling for each Offence.

LXXVIII. And be it enacted, That the Driver of every Waggon, Wain Cart, Coach, Chaise or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Beall of Burden upon the said Road or any Part thereof, shall be obliged, upon meeting another Waggon, Wain, Cart, Co.Hi, Chaise, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Beast of Burden, to make way by holding or driving to his own Left Hand, or what is commonly called holding to the near Side, and that without Distin£lion» whether the Carriage, Waggon, Wain. Cart, Coach, Chaile, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, Mule, or other Beast of Burden so meeting one another a>e loaded or unto ded; and every such Carriage, Horse, or other Beast of Burden overtaking any other Carriage, Horse, or other Beast of Burden, shall pass on the Right Hand thereof, and every Person offending in the Premtles shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings Sterling, for every such Offence.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted, That where the Lands adjacent to any of the said Roads, or any Part or Parts thereof, arenor inclosed, the Pro-prietor or Occupier of such Lands shall not make Inclosures within Twenty Feet of the Centre of the Roads without giving at leaf! Two Months previous

687

49° GEORGII III. Cap.$6.

ous Notice to the Did Trustees; which Notice may be given by a Letter •to the Clerk of the Meeting, or of the Committees who have the Charge of that Part of the Road adjacent to which the said Inclosure is rproposed to be made; and the said Meeting or Committee are hereby required to insert a Copy of the said Letter in their Minutes; and in case such Proprietor or Occupier shall fail to give such Notice as aforesaid, he shall not be entitled to any Compensation Lr the Expence of the inclosures in case the said Trdtees shall, at any future Period, think it necessary to demolish the fame, for the Purpose of widening the said Roads, and making Footpaths thereon.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may cause Foot-paths to the Breadth of five Feet to be made along the Sides of the said Loads, in such Places as can conveniently admit of the fame; and if any Person shall ride or drive a Carriage or Cattle upon any Paths made or to be made, or shall in any way wantonly or mali iously injure the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings Sterling, to be levied in Manner herein-after directed.

LXXXI. And be it further enacted, That where the Ground on the Side of any of the said Roads is irclosed orplantrd, the Proprietors or Occupiers of such Ground shall be obliged to lop the Trees or Hedges at a proper Season of the Year, in a proper Manner so as to give sufficient Breadth and Air to the Road, and in case they neglect or refuse to do so for Six Months after being required by an Order of any Three or more of the Trustees, the Trustees shall have Power to appoint the same to be done, at a proper Season of the Year, at the Defaulter’s Expence; and no Proprietor or Occupier of Lands on the Sides of any of the said Roads shall have Power to plant Trees within Six Feet therefrom, under a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, besides removing the said Trees.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Three or more of them, may cause any of the said Roads to be measured and Stones and Polls to be crc&ed on the Sides thereof, denoting the Dillance at each Mile, or at such other Distance as they may judge convenient, and also to order or cause to be erected Guide Ports and Railings upon such Parts of the said Roads where the Roads are cofled or joined by other Roads as they shall think proper; and if any Person or Persons shall break down, destroy, or deface any such Mile Stones. Guide Ports, or Railings, or shall break down any Cape Stones on the Ledges or Parapet Walls at the Sides of any of the Bridges on the said Roads, or turn any Stream of Water upon any Part of the said Road, unless a sufficient covered or arched Drain or Passage shall have been previously made as before directed, or shall be aiding and assisting therein, or shall refeue or attempt to relcue any Person apprehended for such Offence; any Person offending in every of the Cafes aforesaid, and being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath or Oaths of One or more crecible Witness or Witnesses before the Sheriff Depu e of the said County of Pecblts, or his Substitute, or before Two or more Justices of the Peace of the said County, shall be not only adjudged to pay the Whole of the Damages and Expences sustained, but a|so a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling; and in case the

laid

Trustee* rtiaf make Foot* paths.

Pofltffoii to lop Trees or Hedges.

Trees not ;# be p anted v»uii r» S ix Feet of the Road.

Trustees Qlty c.tuie the Roads to be meuturtd and Mile Stone* to determined by e reeled*

Penalty on

defacing

them.

688

Hea l Ridges

to lie made cn Hie S d.s of the Roads.

In making Drains across i he Rnads One Half to be left clear olOhltruiijjn.

Contractors not to d ig Pits, or if such ncienaiy, to ter.ee them.

Articles to he drawn on a Wheel Carnage.

49° GEORGII III. Cap.tf.

said Penalty, Dama.es, and Expences lb adjudged, shall not be instanrly paid, or sufficient Security given for the fame, the said Sheriff dr Juffioes are hereby empowereti and required to commit such Person or Persons so convicted to Prison for any Term not exceeding Three Calendar Months nor less than One Calendar Month.

LXXXIII. And, for preventing Annoyances in or upon the said Roads* be it further enlisted, That from and after Two Months from the Commencement of this Act, every Person in ploughing any Field’contiguous to any of the said lloads shall always make Head Ridges along the Sides of the said Roads, of the Breadth of Six Feet at least; and all Gates upon Inclosures next to any of the said Roads shall open inwards to the Field, and no Person or Persons whatsoever shall turn any Plough upon any of the said Roads; and in makmc any covered or arched Passage or Drain for Water across any of the said Roads, a safe and easy Passage along one Half of such Read shall be left without any Obstrnftion, either by breaking the Road or laying down the Materials; and such covered Drain or Passage shall be made across, and completely fiuished on the One Half of the said Road before the other Half shall be opened; and the Whole or the open Part thereof shall, if practicable, be completed in one Day, or otherwil'e the Materials for executing the same shall be so well fenced off, that Passengers may suffer no Injury thereby; which Precautions and Manner of executing covered Drains as aforesaid, shall beftriftly observed by all Contractors or others employed in making or repairing the said Roads; and every Person offending herein shall not only forfeit the Materials laid down, but also a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling for every Offence, to be levied and recovered in Manner herein after directed, One Half thereof to be paid to the Informer and the other Half to be applied for making or repairing the said Roads; and every Contractor or other Person employed by the said Trustees for making, amending, widening, or repairing any of the said Roads, shall be expressly prohibited from digging Pits within Twelve Feet front the Sides of the said Roads, unless such Contraftor or other Person employed as aforesaid shall erect a sufficient Fence between the Side of the Road, and any Pit which it may be found necdTary to dig for the Purposes above mentioned, and that undei a Penalty not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling.

LXXXIV. And be it further enacted, That if, after the passing of this Act, any Person or Persons shall haul or dtaw, or cause to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, any Tree, Log, or Piece of Timber, or any Stone, Iron, Plouah, Harrow, or other Thing whatsoever, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage, or shall suffer any Tree, or other Matter whatsoever which can be conveyed upon a Wheel Carriage, to drag upon any Part of the said Roads, or shall allow any Timber, Stone, or other Matter (excepting Machinery framed or put together, or any Article of Metal caff in One Piece) to project or extend over the Sides of the Cart, Waggon, or other Carriage, whereon the same shall be drawn and transporied, or to occupy more of the said Roads and Bridges in Breadth than is occupied by such Cart, Waggon, or other Wheel Carriage, or allow the I imber, Stone, or other Matter, to drag or trail upon any Part of the said Roads or Bridges; or shall draw or transport on any Part of the said Roads and Bridges, upon any Cart or Carriage with leis chan Four Wheels, any Timber or other Matter exceeding 4 fr T wenly

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 36. 6S9

Twenty-four Feet in Length; or shall leave any Horse or other Beift, [i°r^v0eyn.£' yoked or unyoked, or any Cart or other Carriage, or the Loading thereof,

(landing upon any of the said Roads or Bridges, or Drains on the Sides thereof, longer than may be necessary for loading or unloading the fame, except in case of Accidents; or shall lay down or leave upon any of the said Roads, or Bridges, or Drains on the Sides thereof, or within five Yards thereof (unless the fame be fuflidently fenced olf from the said Roads, Bridges, or Drains,") any Lime, Dung, Timber, Stone, Hay,

Straw, Manure, Soil, Rubbish, or other Matters; or shall hew or law any Piece of Stone or Timber, or (lake, mix, or wet any Lime, or min up any Mortar in or upon any Part of the said Roads, Bridges or Drains, to the Prejudice of the fame or the Annoyance of Passengers; or shall make any Saw Pit or other Pits, Holes, or Hovels, or shall do any Thing whereby the said Roads, Bridges, or Drains, may be damaged or unne-ceffarily encumbered, or shall lay or leave any dead Horses (except in Cafes of Accident, to be made out to the Satisfaction of the Sheriff or Justices before whom the Complaint shall be brought) or other Carrion upon any of the said Roads, Bridges, or Drains, or within Twenty Yards of the Sides thereof, or if Occupiers of Lands shall leave Thirties or other noxious Weeds on the Sides of such Parts of the said Roads as pass through their Possessions without cutting them down before they come to Seed, every Person offending in any Case aforesaid shall, for each Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds Sterling, besides removing the Matter of Nuisance or Annoyance, and repairing the Damage done to the Roads, Bridges, or Drains, without Delay, at his or her own Expences; and in case of Failure or Neglect to do so, forfeiting the Matter of Value causing the Nuisance or Annoyance, and paying the Expence of removing what are of no Value, and the Charges ot repairing the Damage done to the said Roads, Bridges, or Drains, which Matters of Nuisance and Annoyance the said Trustees shall be, and are hereby authorised and empowered to cause to be removed on such Failure or Neglect, and the forfeited Matters to be sold, and the said Forfeitures and Expences shall be recovered and levied, and the fame with the Price of the forfeited Articles applied to the Purposes of this Act, relative to that District or Section of the Roads, (whether supported by the Tolls hereby granted, or by a Conversion in lieu of Statute Labour,) on which the Nuisance or Obstruction shall have been committed or made.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, That after the passing of this Act no BrfMingi Houses or Buildings of any Kind which shall be erected ac or along the Sides of any of the said Roads or in Villages at or near the t°e mLmic of Outlets of any Town within the said County where Houses have the Ro*<i* to not formerly flood, or wheTe Houses have flood, but which have fallen or have been passed down, shall be built within the Dirtance of Twenty Feet from the Middle of any of the said Roads without the Consent of the Trusteesfirft obtained,undera Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling for each Offence, over and above the Expence of demolishing such House or Building, and it shall be lawful for any justice of the Peace to (lop the Building, or erecting any such House or Building which shall be within the said Dirtance from the Middle cf any of the said Roads; and if any Building shall be erected hereafter within the Dirtance aforesaid, any one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace, upon Application made to him or them by any one Trustee, and upon Proof being adduced that the said Building is within the Dirtance aforesaid, may order such Building to * [Lor. Ss* Per.] 8 M be

690

In case of Hidden Damage to a Bridge Trustee* may order Rcpau«.

Penalties and Forfeitures Jiow to l-e recovered and applied where not otherwise particularly specified.

If not paid Offenders may be committed.

Persons ag-giieved n>ay anptal .0 the Quarter ScfTions.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. ifu

he taken down and removed at the Expence of the Ereftor, or of the Proprietor of the Ground, and may grant a Warrant for levying and recovering the Penalty and Expences in Manner herein-after directed.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case of any sudden Damage to a lJridge, it shall be in the Power of any Two or more of the said respective Trustees, to give Orders for making such immediate Repairs as may beneceflary, the Expence of the fame not exceeding Twenty Pounds Sterling; and the Money so expended shall be provided for and paid by Order of the next Meeting of such respective Trustees, on an Application for that Purpose, and on a Proof of the Necefifty of the Order, and that the Money was expended; and in case any of the said Roads shall be (hut up, and public Communication obstructed by Means of Snow, it shall in like Manner be in the Power of Two or more of the said respective Trustees to cause the said Roads to be cleared, at any Expence not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling.

LXXXVII. And be it further enacted, That a’l Forfeitures and Penalties by this Act imposed, the Manner of levying and recovering whereof'Is not particularly specified, shall on Proof of the Offence before Two or more Justices of the Peace-or the She'ift' Depute of the said County of Peebles, or his Substitute, either by the Confession of the Party, the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses or other legal Evidence, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties offending, by Warrant under the Hand of such Justices or Sheriff (which Warrant they or any of them are hereby authoi ized and required to grant and to administer the Oaths gratis) such Sale being always made by public Auction to the highest Offerer at such Place as shall be directed in the said Warrant within Six Days after such Distress shall have been made, and the Overplus Money arising from such Sale after Deduflion of the Penalties imposed, and Charges in Recovery thereof, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and all Penalties and Forfe tures imposed by this Act, if not otherwise hereby appropriated shall be paid to the said Trustees for Turnpikes or Statute Labour respectively, according to the Nature of the Offence or Place where the same shall have been committed, or their Collectors, to be laid out and applied for the Purposes of this Act; and in case sufficient Distress cannot be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be forthwith paid, or sufficient Security given for Payment, it shall be lawful for any Two of the said Justices of the Peace or the said Sheriff Depute or his Substitute, and they are hereby authorized and required by Warrant under their Hands to cause such Offender or Offenders to be committed to Gaol or to a House of Correction for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner paid.

LXXXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That any Person who shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Proceedings to be had in the Execution of this Act for which no particular Relief has been hrreby provided, may within Six Months after the Matter complained of shall be dene, but not afterwards, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter Sessions of the County of Peebles, the Appellant giving Fifteen Days previous Notice of such Appeal to the Defender or Defenders, and to the Clerk of the said Trustees, and to the Clerk of the Justices

6gi

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 36.

Justices of the Peace, which Justices shall have Authority to hear and determine the Matters in Dispute, and their Judgments therein shall be final, without being subject to Review, Advocation, Suspension or otherwise howsoever.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That the Bonds and Securities to be granted by the said Trustees for the Money to be borrowed by them in M^ey'o be the Manner directed by this Act, shall be transferable from One Person to tranrferaibie another, by Indorsement duly subscribed by the Party transferring, in the mCn"durfe" Presence of One or more subscribing Witness or Witnesses, and specifying the Date of lndorfation, with the Names and Additions of the Indorsee or Indorsees, which lndorfation shall not transfer the Bond to the Indorsee or Indorsees until the fame be notified to the Clerks or Treasurers of the said Trustees, and entered into their Books as well as marked on the Bond itl'elf by the said Clerks or Treasurers, and the said Bonds shall contain in themselves a Clause to this Efied, that no Person may pretend Ignorance thereof.

XC. And be it en ded. That it shall be no Objection to any Person acting Trustees may as a Judge or Justice of the Peace, or as a Juryman under this Act, in or Jurymen!* any Tiling relative hereto, that he is appointed a Trustee except where he is personally interested.

XCI. And be it further enacted, That all Actions and Complaints for all Limitation of and every the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or for any Actions> Wrongs done or Injuries suffered in any Matter thereto relative, or in consequence of any of the Powers by this Act given and granted, shall be commenced within the Space of Six Calendar Months after the Penalty or Forfeiture is incurred, or Wrong done, or Injury fulfered and not afterwards.

XCII. And be it further enacted, That the wholeJEkpencesinadvertifing E nen.f for, preparing, procuring, and passing this Act, and all other Expences toAct'hat* attending the fame, to be ascertained at the First, Second, and Third General Meeting of the said Trustees, shall be paid by an Assessment on all the Proprietors of Lands valued in the Cess Books of the said County of Peebles agreeable to the respective valued Rents at which the said Lands Hand rated in the Cess and Valuation Books of the said County; and the said Expences shall be levied and collected by such Person or Persons as the said respective Trustees shall appoint.

XCIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and pjbli«Act. taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XCIV. And be it also enacted, That this Act shall commence from the commence-

passing hereof, and in as far as respects the Roads upon which Power to meat ana En-

ered Turnpikes and levy Tolls is given, shall remain in full Force and ^hisAe'v n'

have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and regard toV«

from thence tu the End of the then next Session of Parliament. Turnpike

Road*.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahah.

Printers the King’s must Excellent Majesty. 1800.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 37.

An Act for rendering more effectual several Acts for repairing the Turnpike and other High Roads in the County of Edinburgh; and for repairing the Roads from the City of Edinburgh to the Town of Leith.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the 240.2.0.35 Reign of His late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh, and from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queensferry in the County of Linlithgow; whereby certain Heritors in each County, and the other Persons therein-named, were appointed Trustees for making and repairing the said Roads, with Power to erect Turnpikes, and to levy Tolls:

And whereas, in the Twenty-eighth Year of His said late Majesty, l8G t c another Act was parted, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty s Reign, intituled, *An Act for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to and from the City o/Edinburgh,a»of from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queensferry, in the County of Linlithgow; and for making the said Act more effectual, so far as it related to the Roads in the County of Edinburgh: And whereas in the Fourth Year of His present Majesty's Reign,another Act was parted, intituled, An Act to amend and render more *G'c'8®' effectual Two several Acts passed in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing the High Roads in the CtfKtztyo/Ed inburgh, to and from the City of Edinburgh, and from Cramond Bridge to the Town of Queensferry, in the County of Linlithgow; [lcc,&Per.~\ 8 N And

694- 4-9° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

24G.3c. 18. And whereas an Act was passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for regulating and rendering more effectual, the Exaction of the Statute Work within the Shire of Edinburgh, and for authorizing the Trustees for putting in Execution several Acts for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, to borrow upon the Credit of the ‘Tolls arising within the Distrifl of Lal wade, a further Sum of Money, to be applied for Payment of certain Sums borrowed on the personal Security of the said Trustees j and for farther repairing the jjG , c 28 Roads within the said Di/lricl: And whereas by an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for opening an easy and commodious Communication, from the High Street of Edinburgh to the Country Southward, and also from the Lawn Market to the New Extended Royalty on the North, and for enabling Trustees to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas for that Purpose-, for widening and enlarging the Streets of the said City, and certain Avenues leading to the fame; for rebuilding or improving the University; for enlarging the Public Markets and Communications thereto } for regulating certain Taxes', for lighting the said City; for providing an additional Supply of Water; for extending the Royalty of the said City; and for levying an additional Sum of Money for Statute Labour, in the Middle District of the County of Edinburgh; it was among other Things enacted, That the Trustees for the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, might levy an additional Sum of One Shilling Sterling yearly, from every Person who should possess a House within the M ddle Dif. tridl of Fifteen Pounds Sterling of yearly Rent: And whereas an 29 Sc. 3' Act was passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His

C' I=5' present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and

Powers of several Acts of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of His late Majesty s Reign, and of the Fourth Tear of Ids present Majest’s Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and 38G. 3. C. 45. for tnaking the same more effectual: And an Act was passed in the Thirty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Powers of, and rendering more effectual, several Acts of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of His late Majesty's Reign, and of the Fourth and Twenty-ninth years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the High Roads in the County of Edinburgh, and for building Bridges over the Rivers South and North Efk, and the Water of Leith, in 43G-3.C. 34. the said County: And another Act was passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging and altering the Powers of, and rendering more effectual several Acts of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-eighth Years of His late Majesty, and of the Fourth, Twenty-fourth. Twenty-fifth, Twenty-ninth, and Thirty eighth Years of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Turnpike and other High Roads in the County of Edinburgh: And whereas the Western Road from the City of Edinburgh to the Town and Port of Leith, commonly called the Walk of Leith, with the Foot Ways on either Side thereof, and the Road by the Watergate to Leith, commonly called the East Road, have been excepted out of the Provisions of the said Actsj And whereas many of the said Roads in the County of Edinburgh are still conducted in an inconvenient and disadvantageous Direction, and moll of them are exposed to great Waste and Decay, by the Refortfrom all Parts of the Kingdom through the said County to the City of Edinburgh, and by increasing the U.l’c of Mail Coaches, Long Coaches, and

other

*9 J

4-9- GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

other Diligences carrying great Numbers of Passengers, and of Waggons and Carts carrying heavy Loads, while the Expence of repairing, and keeping in Repair the said Roads is much increased by the Rife in the Price of Labour, whereby the Trustees have been obliged, in Addition to the Money raisedon the Credit of the Tolls, to lay put upon the Roads considerable Sums of Money borrowed on their own personal Security; and they cannot obtain Reimbursements of thel'e Monies, and redeem the Debt which they have already contracted, or complete the necessary Improvements on the Roads, and keep them when so improved in a proper State of Repair, unless the Rates of Toll and of Statute Labour be increased, the levying thereof put under proper Regulations, and additional Powers be granted for borrowing of Money, and for securing Repayment of the fame: But as these Purposes cannot be accomplished without the Aid and Authority of Parliament, May it therefore please Your Majesty That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Persons nominated and appointed Trustees for executing the aforesaid Act of Nonl'"at!on the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, (but subject always to the of lrustees* Limitations therein specified), shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for putting in Execution the present Act, and the said recited Acts; and the said Trustees, at any General Meeting assembled, may, from Time to Time, and as often as they think proper, eletft and no- ElefUon of minate any One of their own Number to be the Convener, apd failing Convener, of I'uch Nomination, or the Person thereby named, and in his Absence the Sheriff-depute of the said County of Edinburgh for the Time being] shall be Convener, and the Person foeledted, or the said Sheriff-depute] shall, in their Order, have the whole Powers which may have heretofore been enjoyed under the said Acts or any of them, determined by the Convener of the Commissioners of Supply, or the said Sheriff-de’pute, or as any General Meeting of Trustees may, pursuant to the said recited Acts confer on such Convener. ’

II. And be it further enacted, That the said F.astern and Western Reads from Roads, leading from the City of Edinburgh to the Town and Port of Edinburgh Leith, shall be made, repaired, and kept in Repair, in such and the to Leilh to same Manner as if the said Roads had been particularly included in be "paired' the said recited Acts, and all the Powers, Provisions, Rules, Regulations, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things contained therein, and not altered by this Act, so far as the same are applicable thereto, shall be and are hereby extended to, and shall b«

i)led, observed, applied, and enforced, for the Purpose of making, repairing, and maintaining the said Roads; any Thing in she laid recited Acts, pr any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted, That the Lord Provost, and such of Tro(le(,s' r the Magistrates and Council of the City of Edinburgh, as are Tryftees Leith "cadi, under the aforesaid Act passed in the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty's Reign, and the Senior KeGdent Baillie of and the Master

of the Incorporation of Traffickers there, both for the Time bein<r, together with Two of the Trustees acting for the Middle District of Roads authorized to be repaired by the said Acts, to be nominated at a

General

S96 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

General Meeting of the said Trustees, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Trustees for repairing, supporting, and maintaining the said Eastern and Western Roads, from the City of Edinburgh, to the Town and Port of Leith-, and so much of the Road described in the said in Part recited Act, of the Forty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, from Baxter's Buildings, by or near the Bottom of the Caltonhill, as may connect the said Eastern and Western Roads: Provided always that the said Lord Provost shall be Convener, and that any Three of the said last mentioned Trustees shall have Power to put this Act in Execution, so far as relates to the said Roads from Edinburgh to Leith.

New Road]

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Eastern ana Western made a fepa- Roads, from the City of Edinburgh to Leith, with so much of the said rate Dillrid. j^oa(j from Baxter's Buildings, by or near the Bottom of the Caltonhill, as connects the fame, shall be and be deemed and taken to be a separate District, and be called the Leith IValk DiJlriR, subject nevertheless to the Direction and Controul of the General Meetings of Trustees, in like Manner as any other District comprized in the said Acts.

New Rates V. And be it further enacted, That from and after the Twenty-of Toll. fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Tolls and Duties, at present authorized to be levied on the Turnpike Roads in the said County of Edinburgh, and all Exemptions from Payment of Toll shall cease and determine; and from and after the said Twenty-fifth Day of May One thousand eight hundred and nine, and during the Continuance of the said recited Acts and of this Act, there shall be levied and collected on the said Turnpike Roads, including the Roads in the Leith Walk District, the Tolls and Dutiei following, subject to the Limitations and Exemptions herein after expressed; that is to say:

For every StageCoach, Long Coach, or other Diligence or Carriage of the like Kind, drawn by Two Horses or Beasts of Draught, and licensed to carry, or kept or employed for carrying Passengers for Hire, at one Time, asunder:

If licensed or employed to carry not more than Six Inside Passengers, and having no Outside Passengers, One Shilling:

But if there be Outside Passengers at any Time, or for any Part of the Journey, One Shilling and Eight-pence:

If licensed or employed to carry more than Six Inside Passengers, then the above Rates for Six, and for each additional Inside Passenger which such Carriage is licensed or employed to carry, Two-pence:

For each Outside Passenger, exclusive of the Coachman and Guard, in any of the above Cafes,overandabovethepre«edingRates, OnePenny: For every Stage Coach, Long Coach, or other Diligence, or Carrriage of the like Kind, drawn by Three or more Horses or Beasts of Draught, and licensed to carry, or kept or employed for carrying Passengers for Hire at one Time, as under:

If licensed or employed to carry not more than Four Inside Paflen-gers, and having not more than Two Outside Passengers, Two Shillings.

But if there be more than Two, and not exceeding Five Outside Passengers, Three Shillings:

If more than Five Outside Passengers, Five Shillings:

If

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

If licensed or employed to carry more than Four, but not more than Six Inside Passengers, and having not more than Two Outside Passengers, Two Shillings and Four-pence:

But if there be more than Two, and not exceeding Five Outside Passengers, Three Shillings and Eight-pence:

If more than Five Outside Passengers, Six Shillings:

If licensed or employed to carry more than Six, but not more than Eight Inside Passengers, and having not more than Two Outside Passengers, Three Shillings and Eight-pence:

But if there be more than Two, and not exceeding Five Outside Passengers, Four Shillings and Four-pence:

If more than Five Outside Passengers, Seven Shillings:

If licensed or employed to carry more than Eight, and not more than Ten Inside Passengers, and having not more than Two Outside Passengers, Four Shillings:

But if there be more than Two, and not exceeding Five Outside Passengers, Five Shillings:

If more than Five Outside Passengers, Eight Shillings:

If licensed or employed to carry more than Ten Inside Passengers, and having not more than Two Outside Passengers, Four Shillings and Eight-pence:

But if more than Two, and not exceeding Five Outside Passengers, Five Shillings and Four-pence:

If more than Five Outside Passengers, Nine Shillings:

For each Outside Passenger, exclusive of the Coachman and Guard, in any of the above Cafes, over and above the preceding Rates, One Penny:

And if any Person shall be convicted before the Sheriff Depure or Substitute, or before any Justice of Peace, of the County of Edinburgh, or of the County where the Offender may be apprehended or reside, either on his own Confession, or by the Oath ot One credible Witness, of having directly or indirectly evaded the Payment of any Part of the said Tolls, by concealing the Number of Outside or Inside Passengers, he shall, on each Conviction, be adjudged to pay the highest Rate of Toll on such Carriage for One Week backwards from the Date of the Default, to be recovered and applied in the Manner in which any Penalty for Evasion of Tolls or Duties may be recovered and applied by virtue of the said recited Ach

For every other Coach, and for every Berlin, Barouche, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Calash, Chair, or such other Carriage drawn by One Horse, or Beast of Draught, Six-pence; and drawn by Two Horses, or Beasts of Draught, One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses, or Beasts of Draught, Ontf Shilling and Eight-pence; and drawn by Four cr Five Horses, or Beasts of Draught, Two Shillings; and drawn by Six or more Horses or Beasts of Draughr, Three Shillings:

For every Waggon or other Carriage with more than Two Wheels.used for the Purposes of Trade, Commerce, or Husbandry, or other like Pur-pefe drawn by One Horle, Ox, or other Beast of Draught, Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses, or Beasts of Draughr, Eighc-pence; and drawn by Three Horses, or Beasts of Draughr, Three Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses, or Beasts of Draught, Four Shillings; and drawn by Five Horles, or Beasts of Draught, Six Shillings; and drawn by Six or more Horses, or Beasts of Draught, Eight Shillings:

(Xcc. Per. J 8 0

For

698

Broad Wheel* to pay n (mailer Toll.

Wheels may be measured.

Rates of Toll may be di-mimshed

49° GEORGII ’III. Cap. 37.

For every Cart, Wain, or other Carriage with only Two Wheels, used for the Purposes of Trade, Commerce, or Husbandry, or other like Purpose, where the Carriage with its Burthen or Loading shall not weigh more than Twenty-fi*' Hundred Weight, of One Hundred and Twelve Pounds to the Hundred; if drawn by One Horse, Ox, or other Beall of Draught, Sixpence; if drawn by Two or more Horses, or Bealls of Draught, Eight Pence.:

For every such Cart, Wain, or other Carriage, where the Carriage, with its Burden or Loading, shall weigh more than Twenty-six Hundred Weight, but shall not weigh Thirty-four Hundred Weighr, One Shilling; if it shall weigh Thirty-four Hundred Weight or upwards, One Shilling and Four Pence:

For every Saddled Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule with or without a Rider, Two Pence:

For every other Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen and net drawing, Three Half Pence:

For every Afs, loaded or not loaded One Penny:

For every Score of Oxen or Neat Cattle, and lo in Proportion for any greater or less Number; as under:

From the First Day of February to the First Day of October, One Shilling and Three-pence:

From the First Day of Oflcler to the First Day of February One Shilling and Eight-pence:

For every Score of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, and so in Proportion for any greater or lei's Number, Sixpence.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That all Waggons, Carts, Wains, or other such Carriages which shall travel with Broad Wheels of the Description after specified, snail be liable to pay One Half only of the Ttills and Duties herein before charged on such Waggons, Carts, Wains, and other Carriages respectively: Provided thac the Fellies of the Wheels of every such Carriage shall be of the Breadth of Five Inches at lead, for Single or Double Horse Carts, and Six Inches at lead, for all other Carriages, whether confiding of one or more Tiers; and the Fellies of the said Wheels shall be cylindrical, that is to say, of the fame Diameter on the Inside next to the Carriage, and on the Outside, and in every intermediate Parr, between the Inside and Outside, so that when rolling on a flat Surface, the whole Breadth of such Fellies shall bear equally on such flat Surface, and the oppofueEnds of the Axle Trees of such Carriage, as far as the same shall be inferred into the Naves of the Wheels, shall not form any Angle with each other, but shall be in the Continuation of one straight Line, so that in each Pair of Wheels belonging to such Carriage, the lower Parts which rest on the Ground shall be at the fame Distance from each other as the opposite or upper Part of the said Pair of Wheels; and every Person claiming the Privilege so granted to broad-wheeled Carriages, shall permit the same to be examined and measured by any Person appointed by the said Trustees, or concerned in the Collection of the said Tolls or Duties.

VII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any General Meet-

ing of the said Trustees, upon Cause shewn by any District, to diminish orleffen.all or any of the Tolls and Duties hereby appointed to be levied and exacted, and to authorize smaller Tolls to be levied at all or any of v* * the

699

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

the Bars therein, and again, on cause shewn, to raise and augment the said Tolls and Duties, or any of them, to any Rates not exceed ng those herein before authorized, all in such Manner as from the State of the Roads or of the Funds of any of the Districts, may to the said General Meeting of Trustees seem to be just and proper; but with this Limitation that the Tolls and Duties to be raised on the Roads in Leith Walk District, shall entirely cease in the Event hereafter provided.

VIII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful for any General Meet- Toll Bars,

ing of the said Trustees, not only to continue the Gates, Bars, Toll & c. maybe Houses, and Weighing Machines already erected under the Authority hefted for of any of the before recited Acts, or as many thereof as they may judge the proper, but also by themselves or such Person or Persons as they may authorize and appoint farther to erect or cause to be erected such additional Gates, Bars, or Turnpikes in or across any Part or Parts of the Highways and Roads in the said County of Edinburgh, as to such General Meetings shall from Time to Time seem necessary; and also to

erect or build, or cause to be erected or built, such additional Toll-Houses and Weighing Machines as they may think fit; and to demand and take at all and each of the Gates or Bars so erected or to be erected, the Tolls and Duties hereby authorized to be levied, before any of the Articles or Commodities liable to Toll shall be permitted to pais through the said Gates or Bars: Provided always, that any such Gates,

Bars, or Toll-Houses to be erected in the Leith Walk District, shall be placed to the North of the said Road from Baxter’s Buildings, con-nedting the said Eastern and Western Roads to Leith as aforesaid.

IX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Turnpike Gates Tolls to b* or Toll Bars shall be erected within a less Distance of each other paid only than Six measured Miles, then every Person paying at one Gate or once Bar, and continuing to travel with the fame Horses and Cattle, Car- S)xMlle*-riage or Carriages, shall receive a Ticket which shall entitle such Person at any Time of the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the

Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock on the succeeding Night, to pals free through every Gate or Bar within Six measured Miles of the Gate or Bar at which Payment was made; but if, after having paid Limitation* such Toll Duty, any Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage, shall take or the Rule, in a new Loading, or any Stage Coach, Long Coach, or Diligence, or any hired Coach, Chaise, or other Carriage of the like Kind, shall accept of a new Fare, they shall respectively lose any Benefic from such Pass Tickets: Provided also, that it shall be lawful to levy the said Tolls and Duties, noc only at the Gates or Bars next adjoining to the City of Edinburgh, and the Town of Leith, but also at all and every Bar Six measured Miles distant from the said City, rneafuring from the Tron Church of Edinburgh outwards, in all Directions, although such Bars shall be within Six measured Miles, of the Bar or Bars next to the City of Edinburgh or Town of Leith-, and no Pass Ticket shall disappoint the Payment of the Tolls and Duties lo directed ro be levied: Provided further that a Pa's Ticket if. sued at any Bar to be erected across the Poll Road to the Wellward of Fisherow, and between the fame and Magdalen Bridge, or at the Bars of Stonybank and Newhailes, or any other Bar or Bars which may be erected on any Road in the Post Road District, leading into the Polj

M Road

70 D

No Toll chargeaHle on returning, unless with a new Fare or Lading.

Articles exempted in full.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

Road between the River EJk and the aforesaid Bar to the Westward of Fi/herow, shall entitle the Person receiving the same to pals all these Bars for the Payment ot one Toll Duty, the Keepers or Tacksmen of such Bars accounting with each other as after provided; but no Pass Ticket issued at the said Bar to the Weft of Fi/herow, or at the said Bars of Stony bank and Newbaiies, or at any other Bar on any Road leading into the Poll Road as aforesaid, shall entitle the Person receiving the same to pass through any other Bar whatever; and in like Manner no Pass Ticket iHued at any other Bar whatever, shall entitle the Person receiving the fame, to pass through the said Bar to the Weft ward of Fisheroiv, or at Stonybank or Newbaiies, or at any other Bar on any Road leading into the Poll Road as aforesaid: Provided farther, that no Pass Tickets shall be either received or issued at any Bars which the said Trustees, at any of their General Meetings, may authorise to be erected, at or near Kirkeltlemill, or on the Roads from Edinburgh to the Town and Port of Leith, contained in the Leith Walk District, or at any Bar to be erected on the Road leading from the Confines of the County of Peebles at the Piper's Grave to the Great Turnpike Road from Edinburgh to Bcinkhouse; or on the other Road leading from the Great Turnpike Road lait mentioned, near Heriot-house, to the present Turnpike Roads of Dalkeith District; at all of which Bars the full Tolls and Duties hereby authorized may be demanded and taken, over and above all other Tolls and Duties whatsoever, and without regard to their Distance from other Bars, or from each other 5 saving and reserving nevertheless in all Cafes the Privilege of returning Toll-free through the fame Bars as after provided.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Person returning by the lame Turnpike Gates or Bars, and on the same Day, computed as aforesaid, with the fame Carriage or Carriages, Horl'es, or other Cattle, shall, on Production of the proper Ticket, be allowed to repass free of any Poll j buc if the lame Waggon, Cart, or other such Carriage shall return with a new Loading, or if any Stage Coach, Long Coach, or Diligence, or any hired Coach, Chaise, or any other Carnage of the like Kind, shall return with a new Fare, then Toll shall be chargeable anew, as if no Palis Ticket had been obtained or tendered.

XI. Provided also nevertheless, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken, for or in respect of Carriages, Horses, or Cattle, employed in carrying Stones or other Materials for makifig or repairing any of the great or cross Roads within the said County of Edinburgh, or the Bridges thereon, or any Cause-ways within or belonging to the fame, or for any other Works or Buildings carried on under the Authority of the said Trustees, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty after carrying the lame; or carrying Hay, Grain, or Pulse in the Straw, Potatoes, Turnips, or other Vegetables, Flax, Hemp, or Wool, to be laid up in the Houses, Outhouies, Barns, or Yards of any Heritor, Tenant, or Inhabitant of the said County, by whom the fame were raised, and not being for Sale; or Dung or other Manure, for the improving and manuring of Land not bought, fold, or disposed of, or carried for the Purpose of beino-sold or disposed of, buc passing to be laid up or placed in the Ouc°

houses

yoi

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

houses or Ousteads, or on the Lands of the Owner thereof who shall not have bought the fame; and all Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry, and all Work-Horles and Cattle passing from one Part of a Farm, to another Part of the fame Farm, or from the Yard or Offices of the Inhabitants of Towns or Villages within the County, to Burghroods or Fields adjoining to any such Town or Village occupied by such Inhabitant, where there are no Yard or Offices; or Horses and other Cattle going to or returning from Pasture, or Watering-Places, or any Smithy in the fame or next adjoining Parish, or for Carriages and Horses of whatever Description employed in conveying the Mails of Letters or Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from convrying the fame; as also all Waggons, Wains, Carts, or ocher Carriages wh <t-soever, and all Horses or other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Bartack, or Comm i (lariat or other Public Stores, of or belonging toHis Majesty, or for the Ule or His Majesty's Forces; as also all Horses belonging to Officers or Soldiers upon their March or upon Duty, and all Horses, Cattle, or Carriages employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or carrying any wounded or diiabled Officers or Soldiers; nor for any Horses furnished by or for any Persons, belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons be drelled in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively ac the Time of claiming such Exemption; nor for Carts, Carriages, or Waggons travelling wich Vagrants or Criminals under legal Palics; nor for Carts or other Carriages actually used for the Purpose of carrying Articles of Trade, Husbandry, or Commerce, going or returning empty; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, or any other Exemption granted by this Act, not being legally entitled to the fame, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, besides the Money of which the said Trustees or their Tackf-tncn have been defrauded, and full Costs of Suit.

XII. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving, of causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commiflariac, or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, (h ill be subjcd to any Penalty or Forfeitme for Overweight; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, be Hopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any (ueb Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, ot in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

ILoc. fc? Per.']; . 8 P XIII. Pro-

Storej.Src. exempted in full.

702

Articles exempted in part and for a limited Time.

Articles exempted provisionally.

Tolls of Fisherotv Bar.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That for and during the Space of TwelveYears next andimmediatelyfollowingtheFifteenchDay of August One thousand eight hundred and three aSum equal to One-third only of the Tolls and Duties authorised to be levied by the said Acts of the Twenty-ninth and Forty third Years of Mis prefenc Majesty before recited and no more shall be demanded and taken at any Toll-bar within the said County of Edinburgh, for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, laden with Dung or Manure of any Kin.i, not being Manure herein-before exempted from Payment of the said Tolls and Duties: Provided always that Lime, although intended for Manure, shall be liable to the full Tolls and Duties, at all and each of the Gates to be erected on the aforesaid Road, from the Confines of the County of Peebles to the Great Turnpike Road from Edinburgh to BjnkbouJe, or on the said other Road from the Great Turnpike Road latt mentioned, near Hcriotbcujc to the present Turnpike Roads of the Dalkeith Dilltict.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That the Bakers at the Mills called the Water of Leith Mills, shall be exempted from Tolls at the Turnpike-bar of Kirkbraehead alias Drumjheugh, for Carriages with Flour from their Mills, upon condition of keeping in a State of perfect Repair the Road and Footpath from those Mills to the Scite of the Toll-bar that was in use at and preceding the Fifteenth Day of August One thousand eight hundred and two in the Manner prescribed by the said Acts, of the Twenty-ninth and Forty-third Years of His present Majesty, unless the said Trustees shall think proper to resume the Power of repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road and Footpath, which the said Trustees are hereby empowered to do, in which Cafe the said Bakers shall be bound and obliged to pay One Half the Tolls and Duties authorised to be levied by this Act, for all Carriages with Flour parting from their Mills, and shall thenceforth cease to be bound and obliged to keep in Repair the said Road and F'ootpath: Provided also that all Clergymen going to or returning from vifuing any sick Person,or upon any other their Parochial or Ministerial Duty, within their respeiflive Parishes, and all Personsgoing to or returning hom their own Parish Church, or their customary Place of religious Worship, upon Sundays and Fast Days, or on any other Day or Days on which Divine Worship may be ordered by Authority to be celebrated; and all Attendants upon the Funeral, or Persons going to attend, or ret rning from having attended the Funeral of any Person or Persons dying and buried within the County of Edinburgh, shall pals free of Toll at every Turnpike Bar in the County, except those next adjoining to the City of Edinburgh; and with this Limitation that Persons going to or returning from Church or Funerals in Four-wheeled Carriages, shall on all Occasions pay the customary Tolls.

XV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That when a new Toll-Bar shall be erected across the Pod Road to the Westward of Eijlserow, as after mentioned, it shall not be lawful for the said Trustees to levy thereat more than One Half of the Tolls and Duties authorized to be levied by this Act, unless, after the Expiration of Five Years, it shall be found that the Average Amount thereof shall, after deduding the Expence of collecting the fame, be lets than One thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum, in which Cafe it shall and may be lawful for the said

Trustees,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

703

Trustees, after the Expiration of such Five Years, to levy Three Fourth Parts of the Tolls and Duties granted by this Act: Provided further, that until the Fifteenth Day of August, One thousand eight hundred and fifteen, the Tolls and Duties levied at the said new Bar upon Carriages laden with Manure shall always be the Amount of the Tolls and Duties authorized by this Act to be levied for such Carriage.

XVI. And whereas the Magistrates of Mujfelburgh areentitled to levy Appplicarion a certain Custom called the Genties at or near Magdalen Bridge; and it is of thefeToUi. expedient, and the said Magistrates are willing and desirous thac the lame should cease and determine so long as Tolls and Duties shall be levied at the said new Bar to the Westward of Fisherow as aforesaid, provided the said Magistrates Hull receive the Sum after mentioned in lieu thereof: And whereas the Sum of Twelve thousand two hundred Pounds have been expended in making certain Improvements upon the Great Port Road near to the Town of Mujfelburgh, whereby, in order to pay off the fame, it has become necessary to erect a new Toll-Bar between Edinburgh and Ravensbaugh Burn, at which Tolls and Duties shall be levied, notwithstanding a Provision to the contrary in the said recited Act passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty f Be it therefore enacted, That until the Sums hereinafter mentioned shall be satisfied, so much of the Tolls and Duties levied at such new Toll Bar as shall amount to Two hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum shall be paid by the said Trustees to the Town of Mujfelburgh, in lieu of the said C.ustoms called the Genties, to be applied by the Magistrates thereof for the fame Purposes for which such Customs may lawfully be applied; and the Remainder of such Tolls and Duties shall be paid and applied in repaying, with the lawful Interest thereof from and after the Twenty-fifth Day of May, One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Sum of One thousand Pounds, advanced by the Trustees of the Turnpike Roads in the County of Haddington, by virtue of an Act passed in the Forty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intitled, An Act for altering and amending several Turnpike Roads in the County of Haddington, for amending other Roads branching therefrom, and for rendering more effectual the Statute Labour within the said County, towards making the said Improvements upon the said Great Post Road near the Town of Mujfelburgh, and also in repaying to the said Town of Mujfelburgh, with the like Interest, the Sum of One thousand two hundred Pounds, advanced by the Magiffrates thereof towards the Expence of such Improvements.

XVI'. And be it further enacted, That after satisfying the said Two FurtherAp-Sums of One thousand Pounds and One thousand two hundred Pounds plication of in Manner above directed, the Tolls and Duties levied at the said new the F'ftwow Toll-Bar to the Westward of Fiftitrow shall be applied in satisfying and To!ls' paying the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, expended by the Trustees appointed by the said recited Acts, for the repairing of the Roads within tnc County of Edinburgh, in making the said Improvements, with the Interest incurred and to grow due thereon, and to no other Purpose whatsoever.

734 49° GEORGII lit. Cap. 37.

Regulation as

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That until such Sums, amounting in Tickets at the who'e to Twelve thousand two hundred Pounds, shall be paid with Fi'therow Interest respectively as aforesaid, no Pass Ticket shall entitle any Per-Bar. son to pass through the said new Toll-Bar to the Westward of Fishcrow,

without paying thereat the Tolls and Duties hereby granted, nor shall any Pass Ticket be given thereat, except to the Effect of entitling Persons to return by the fame Bar as before enacted: Provided al-Regulatiocs ways, That a Pass Ticket issued at the Bars of Stonybank or astoTickei! Newhailes, or at any other Bar or Bars which may be erected and New.2"'" on any Road in the Port Road District, leading into the said Pod hallos, &c. Road between the River EJk and the aforesaid Bar to the Welt of FiJberou>, shall entitle the Person or Persons receiving any such Pass Ticket to pals free of Toll at the said Bar to the Weft of Fishcrow\; and in like Manner a Pass Ticket issued at the said last mentioned Bar, shall entitle the Person or Persons receiving the lame to pass free of Toll at the said Bars of Stonybank and Newhailes, and at any other Bar or Bars which may be erected on any Road, leading into the Poll Road as aforesaid, but the Keeper of the iaid Bar to the Westward of Fishe• row, shall be entitled from Time to Time, upon Production of the Pass Tickets issued at the said Bars ac Stonybank and Newbailes, or at any other Bar to be erected upon any Road leading into the Poll Road as aforesaid, which shall have been received by him, to demand and rereive from the Keepers of the said last mentioned Bars respectively, the Amount and Value of the Tolls or Duties respectively paid to them on issuing such Pals Tickets, and in like Manner the Keepers of the said Bars at Stonybank and Newbailes, or of any other Bar or Bars to be erected upon any Road leading into the Post Road as aforesaid, shall be entitled from Time to Time, upon Production of the Pals Tickets issued at the said Bar to the Weft of Fisherow, and received by them respectively, to demand and receive from the Keeper of the said Bar to the Weft of Fisherow, the Amount and Value of the Tolls or Duties Re ulatiom P3ld to bim on ‘^"uing such Pa^s Tickets: Provided further, That ss^o Tickets a Pass Ticket received by any Person paying Toll at any Turn-at other Bars pike Gate in the said Post Road District to the Eallward of the on River EJk, and to the North of the Road leading from the Con-

Roa 1 fl fines of Efijl Lothian at IVallyford to the Park Wall at S meat on, shall entitle such Person to pass foil free through any Gate on the said Post Road between the said new Bar to the Westward of Fisherow and Edinburgh or Leith; and in like Manner a Pass Ticket received by any Person who shall have paid Toll at any such last-mencioned Gate shall entitle such Person to pass through any of the said first-mentioned Gates.

Sofpension of xtx- And be it f'urtiier enacted, That lb long as'the said Trustees shall the Grntiet pay Two hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum to the said Town of Custom. Mujjelburgh as aforesaid, the said Customs called the Genties shall ceate and determine, buc so soon as the said Sums, amounting in the whole to Twelve thousand two hundred Pounds, with the Interest thereof, shall be satisfied as aforesaid, then the atoref.id Payment of Two hundred and fifty Pounds per Annum to the said Town of Mujjelburgh shall cease to be paid, and from thenceforth the said Magistrates of Mujjelburgh shall have all and the like Powers and Authorities for levying and collecting ihc said Customs called the Genties, as the

laid

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 37.

said Magistrates had and enjoyed before the passing of this Act; and after the said Sum of Twelve thousand two hundred Pounds shall have been paid, with Interest as aforesaid, Toll Duties shall be no longer levied by the Trustees at the said Toll Bar to the Weft of Fisherow.

XX. Provided always, and be it enacted, That besides the said Toll Bar to be errfted ^t Fisherow as aforesaid, the Trustees of the said County of Edinburgh may keep up or erect on the said Port Road betwixt Edinburgh and Ravenjhaugh Burn such other Gates or Bars as they may think proper, and may levy thereat, during the Continuance of the said recited Acts, the Tolls and Duties hereby granted, but in thac Cafe a Pass Ticket issued at the Bar nearest to Ravenjhangb Burn, although it should be more than Six measured Miles from the Trcn Church of Edinburgh, shall entitle the Person receiving the same to pass Toll free, in the Manner hereinbefore provided, at the other Bars on the fame Road to the Weft thereof; and in like Manner a Pass Ticket received at the Toll Bar on the said Port Road nearest the City of Edinburgh, shall entitle the Person receiving the same to pals Toll free as aforesaid through all other Bars to the East thereof between Edinburgh and Ravenjhaugh Burn, lave and except in either Cafe the said Toll Bar to be erected at Fisherow as aforesaid.

XXI. And be it enacted, That the whole Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable, areand shall be vested in the Trustees appointed or to be appointed to put this Act into Execution, and shall be levied, managed, and applied in the Manner, and with and under the Conditions and Provisions, contained in the said recited Act of the Forty-third Year of His present Majesty, and in the prior Acts therein referred to, unless in so far as is herein otherwise provided; and shall be subjrft to the Claims of Creditors for Money borrowed on the Security of the Tolls and Duties hereby repealed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That ic shall be lawful for any General Meeting of Trustees, and they are hereby empowered to authorize the borrowing upon the Credit of the Tolls and Duties hereby granted, or upon any Bart or Parts thereof, any further Sum or Sums-of Money not exceeding, in whole, the Sum of Sixty-two thousand nine hundred and thirty six Pounds '1 en Shillings Sterling, over and above all Sums authorized to be borrowed by the said former Acts, which Sum shall be borrowed, apportioned, and applied in the same Manner, and under the lame Regulations, as the Sums authorized to be borrowed by the above recited Act of the Thirty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, are directed to be borrowed, apportioned, and applied, unless in so far as it is hereby otherways provided; but that no Part of the Sums authorized to be borrowed by this Act shall be allocated to the Middle District, and the Sum to be allocated to the Leith IValk District shall not exceed the Sum of Fourteen thousand Pounds Sterling.

XXIII. And be it enacted, That as often as the Trustees shall have Occasion to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money upon the Authority of this Act, or of any of the said recited Acts, either for the Use of the Turnpike Roads in the said County of Edinburgh, and Bridges thereon, or for the Roads of the Middle Districr, and in the respective Parishes [Zw. & Per.} 8% of

Termination of the Tolls at FisherowBar.

Road from Edinburgh to Ravenlhaugh Burn regulated.

Levying, Management, and Application of the General Tolls.

Additional Loan 10 the Turnpike Roads.

Apportionment and Application of borrowed Money.

Borrowed Money tray be secured by Assignment of the Toll* and other Funds.

706

The Alignment to be transferable by Indorsement.

Relative Re-fpor. lability of the Truf-

tees and Creditors.

Application of the Funds of Leith Walk Dittrich

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

of the fai'd County of Edinburgh, it shall be lawful for any General Meeting of Trustees to assign and make over all or any Part of the Tolls and Duties to be levied under this Adf, or of the funds of the Middle District, or of the respective Parishes, according to the Nature of the Loan, to the Person or Persons from whom the Money may be borrowed, as a Security for Repayment of the Sum or Sums so lent by them, with the lawful interest: thereof; anti that on such Conditions and with such Restrictions, as to such General Meeting shall seem just and reasonable-, and thel'e Alignments shall be executed and recoided in the Manner prescribed by the said recited Acts of the Thirty-eighth and Forty-third Years of His present Majesty: but every Alignment under Authority of this Act, or of any of the said recited Acts, whether already grimed of to be granted hereafter, shall be transferable by Ample Indorfdment, duly subscribed by the Party transferring in the Prtfence of Two subscribing Witnesses, agreeably to the Manner and Form following, or in Words to the fame LffecF:

" T the within designed A.B. do hereby transfer this Assignment, with all my Right and Title to the principal Sum and Interest " thereby secured and now due, unto C.D. his Heirs, Executors, or " Assigns: In witness whereof I have subscribed this Indorsemenc " written by E. F. (or by myself, as the Case may Oe,) at " the Day of , in the Year , before

" these Witnesses G. H. and I. K."

And no other Form or Notification shall be necessary.

XXIV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, that the said Trustees shall not be held or adjudged to have rendered themselves personalty liable (or the Repayment of any Money borrowed, or for the Interest thereof, by reason of their signingor having signed any of the aforesaid Assignments or other Securities, which are to be held and considered as granted upon the foie Credit and Security of the Tolls or other F unds thereby assigned, unless it be specially expressed to the contrary; nor shall any Trullee under this Act, or any of the said recited Acts, be held personaily liable upon any Pretext for Payment of any Sum which he shall not have bound himself to pay personaily as an Individual, independent of his Office of a Trustee; neither shall any Creditor lending, or having lent, Money upon the Security of the Turnpike Funds, or of the Funds of the Middle District, or respective Parishes of the said County of Edinburgh, either for the Time past or in Time coming, be anywise concerned with the Application of the Money, but shall be furficiently secured by the Assignment of the Trustees.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Sum hereinbefore permuted to be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls and Duties of the Lei.'b Walk District, and such Part of the Produce of those Tolls and Duties as may be required, shall be applied towards causewaying the Western Carriage Road to Leith, commonly called Leith Walk, or such Part thereof as may be thought necessary, and for otherways making, repairing, and improving the said Road, and the other Roads within the Distrifl as hereinbefore described, with the Drains and Levels ne-

ccssary

Debts to be paid off, and a Capi-tal inverted for keeping up the Roads.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 37.

cefiary for die fame, and for upholding them when so made, and for discharging the Interest of the Money borrowed, with the necessary Expences attending the procuring and Execution of this Act, as far as they regard or may extend to the Leith Walk District; and the Remainder or Surplus of the said Tolls and Duties shall be appropriated annually to extinguish the Principal of the said Debt, and to no other Purpose whatsoever-, and after the Money hereinbefore permitted to be borrowed by the Trustees of the Leith IValk Districe shall have been so paid and discharged, the whole Surplus of their Revenue shall be applied to provide a Fund to the Amount of Four thousand Pounds Sterling, to be laid out and inverted in the Name of the Trustees of the District, pursuant to the Directions of any General Meeting of Trustees, on good and sufficient heritable Security, the Interest whereof shall thereafter be applied to the necessary Expences of Management, and for maintaining and supporting the Roads in the said Distner, and to no other Purpose whatsoever; and if there be any Deficiency in the said annual Fund, then, whatever is wanting for keeping the said Roads in proper annual Repair, shall be made up by the Magistrates and Council of the City or Edinburgh as heretofore; and so toon as the aforesaid Capital Sum of Fobr thousand Pounds Sterling shall have been provided and inverted as aforesaid, and the whole Roads of the District put into a sufficient State of Repair, and adjudged to be so by a General Meeting of Trustees, then the Tolls and Duties authorised to be levied upon the Roads within the Lath IValk District shall ceal'e and determine, and be no longer due or payable; and the Roads in the aforesaid Leith IValk District shall be thereafter kept in Repair determined by the interest of the aforesaid accumulated and inverted Sum, and by che Magistrates and Council of Edinburgh, as before provided.

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, Thacthere shall not be Lim;tjt;on laid out in making the new Road from the Western Road at Baxter’s Build- and I’rovi-ings, to the Eallern Road to Leith, more than 1'hree thou land Pounds Seer- lion a* l° the ling of the Funds of the Leith IValk District; and if more Money be ne- Road from cefiary to complete that Road, it shall be paid by the Middle Dilirict and Buddings, the Port Road District in such Manner and by such Proportions as a Ge- 6

neral Meeting ot Trustees may direcc; and after the said Communication betw ixt the Western and Faftcrn Roads to Leith shall have been so made and completed, and adjudged to be so by a General Meeting of Trustees, the said Cross Road or Communication shall fall into che Middle District, and shall in future be repaired and kepe in Repair ouc of the Funds, and under the Direction ot that Diitnct; any Thing herein contained to the contraty notwithstanding.

Termination of the Tolls in Leith Walk Dif-trid.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, Thacinorder to provide aFund for sinking redeeming and discharging the Debtscoiuraccedortobecontraifted on the Fund eila-Credit of the I oils and Dutieslevied within the other Districts of the said blitted. County of Edinburgh, itlhall be lawful to tire Cashier or Treasurer of each District (except the Leith Walk District and the Middle District), and he is hereby required annually Cd retain out of the Monies which may come into his Hands, a Sum equal to One-fifth of the Grols Revenue of such District for the preceding Year, and lo on each iucceflive Year, which Sum or Sums lo retained shall be applied by each District le-spectively towards the Discharge of the Debts which may be owing

by,

708 49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 37-

by that Districr, in such Order as the Trustees of the District may judge most useful and beneficial for the Trust, but subject always to the Directions and Controul of the General Meetings of Trustees; and the aforesaid retained Sums shall be applied to no other Purpose whatever, save and except the Reduction of the Debt of that District from which they arise; and until they shall be so paid and applied, the Trustees of the District and their said Cashier or Treasurer, are hereby required from Time to Time to lodge the fame in the Bank of Scotland., or the Royal Bank ef Scotland, or in such Banking-House as the said Trustees at any General Meeting shall direct and appoint, at such Interest as can be procured for the fame; and the Receipt or Receipts ul such Bank or Bankers shall in the meantime be a sufficient Voucher to the Cashier or Treasurer, but the Money so deposited shall not be again uplifted from the Bank or Bankers otherwise than upon an Order countersigned by the Convener or a Quorum of Trustees of the District.

Limitation

XXVIII. Provided always and be it enacted, Thatit shall be lawful for and Discon- any General Meeting of Trustees, on Caule lhown by any District, to tinuance of limit the Amount of the annual Sinking Fund in such District, to any Furd'nkine Sum not t*lan One‘,enth of £^e Grois Revenue of the District computed as aforesaid; and so soon as any District shall have paid off their whole Debts, or shall have reduced the same to a Sum not exceeding the Amount of Two Years Sinking Fund, it shall in like Manner be lawful to any General Meeting of Trustees, on proper Evidence of the Fact, to discontinue the Sinking Fund in the District or Districts where the Deb; shall have been so paid off or reduced, but with Power nevertheless, to order the said Sinking Fund to be revived so soon and as often as any new Debts shall be contracted, and to continue the fame until the said Debts shall be again paid off or reduced as aforesaid: Provided that in computing the Debt of the said Post Road District, the Amount thereof shall, with reference to such Sinking Fund, oe taken and estimated, after Deduction of the aforesaid Sum of Twelve thousand two hundred Pounds directed to be paid out of the Tolls and Duties levied at the Toll-Barto be erected to the Wellward ot Fisherow as aforesaid, and the Income arising from such Toll Bar shall not, with Reference to such Sinking Fund, be taken into the Account of the Tolls levied in such Post Road District.

Provision in

XXIX. And be it further.enjded, That in case the Person or Persons case cf not to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase making out of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of Titles, 4c. this Act, or of the before-recited Acts, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satis-cannof be°D* ^ai-^'on £l,c la'^ Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom found, Pur- such Sum or Sumsof Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be chafe Money found,or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or of Lands,&c. Heritages be no: known or discovered, then and in every such Case it Into'he*1(1 anc* may *3C *aw^u* co anc* ,or c^e Trustees, or any Three or

Bank. more of them, to order the said Sum or Sumsof Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages (describing them), subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Sellionj which said Court, on the Application of any Person

49° GEORGII III.

Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums or Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a Summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise, as to the lame Court shall feein meet, to order the same to be laid ouc and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Distriburion thereof or Paymcnc of the Dividends thereof according to the respective Estate or Estate.% Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in tire Premises as to the said Court shall lean jult and reasonable, and the Cashier or Cashiers of the bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and ipccifying for what, and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any in cases of Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of Scotland or Royal Bank of Scotland, under the feJr0*’to be Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, in pursuance deemed to of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, have a Title Tenements or Heritages, or any Estate, Right or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased with any such Money, or 1 e to the Rents or Profits thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, according to such PoffdTion, until the contrary shall be shewn, to the Satisfaction of the said Count} and the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages to be purchased with such Money, and also the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages lo purchased, shall be paid, applied, and difpufed of accordingly, unless it shall be made manif’eft to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where determined by rea- Expences of son of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased thVcourt! ' under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Moneyfor the same shall be required to be paid into the said Banks, or either of them, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from'

Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable to be paid by the said Trustees, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sum or Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That from and after the Fourth Day of Converiior. April One thousand eight hundred andnine, it shall belawfulfor the Trul- of Statute tees in their respective Parishes, and they are hereby authorized, in lieu of in

the Converlions at present chargeable for the Services commonly called

\Loc. & Per.}

8 R

Statute doubted.

7io

Ne* Ratfs oi Statute I about.

The General

Meetings may lower these Con-rerlions.

Optional to require either the Services or the Conversions.

Regulations for alleHing Persons liable in different Capacities.

General Meetings may make farther Regulations, ice.

No Appeal from General Meeting-.

Explanation as to the Middle Dif-Irifl.

Fortner A£U to remain in Force.

49° GEORG'II III. Cap. 37.

Statute Labour, to demand from all and every Person liable in these Services,an annual Conversion in Money, as under specified, videlicet:

For each Plough or Ploughgate of Land One Pound Sixteen Shillings:

For each Double Horse Cart, Eighteen Shillings;

For each Single Horse Cart, Twelve Shillings;

For each Additional or supernumerary Draught Horse, Nine Shillings

For each Householder, Three Shillings:

To be paid annually on or befo e the Twentieth Day of April, and to be aflVfled, levied, and applied, in the same Manner as the present Conversions are assessed, levied, and applied t but with Power nevertheless to any General Meeting of Trustees, upon Cause shewn by the Trustees of any Parish, to diminish or lefien all or any of those Conventions, and to authorize smaller Rates or Conversions to be levied in any such Parish, and again to raise and augment the said Conversion to any Rates not exceeding those hereby authorized, all in such Manner as from the State of the Roads or Funds in any Parish may, to the said General Meeting of Trustees, seem to be just and proper; and reserving to the Trustees of the respective Parishes, as heretofore, either to charge the Conversions, or to demand the Services, as they may judge proper.

XXXIII. And be it enacted, That when any Person or Persons are liable to be affeflTed, either by the Ploughgate, or for Carts or Horses, or in any other double Capacity, they shall be chargeable, and charged in all Cafes in the Manner mod beneficial for the Roads under the Charge of the said Trullees.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the General Meetings of Trustee3 to review all the Proceedings of the Parishes, in respect of the Statute-Labour aforesaid in such Parishes respectively, and from Time to Time to make such Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as they may judge expedient or necessary, as to the holding of Parish N^eetings, and the Manner of proceeding at such Meetings, the Appointment of Officers under the Parifc Trustees, and the Manner of keeping and rendering the Parish Accounts, with reference to such Statute-Labour, and also to make such other Orders, Rules, and Regulations, as to every other Matter or Thing relative to the Statute-Labour of the respective Parishesinthesaid County of Edinburgh, as may not be inconsistent with the said recited Acts, and the Proceedings of the General Meetings in all the above Particulars shall be final, and subject to the Review of no other Court whatever, and the Parish Trustees, and all other Persons concerned, shall be bound to give due Obedience to all such Decisions, Orders, Rules, and Regulations.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing herein contained relative to the Increase of the Conversions of Statute Labour, or as to the Mode of Assessment, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to the Middle District, or to any Person chargeable by and accountable to that District.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That the wholeof the before-recited Acts, and all the Provisions therein contained, shall remain in full Force in every Respect, and shall be held to extend to every Thing to be acted or done under this present Act, except in so far as the said recited Acts are hereby altered, explained, or amended.

And

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 37. fti

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That the reasonable Charges and Ex- E*P*"?eof pences paid, or that shall be paid, in, about, or by reason of the passing the Aa' of this Act, shall be defrayed by the different Districts of the said County of Edinburgh in such Manner and by such Proportions as to the Trustees in a General Meeting assembled shall seem just and reasonable.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted and declared, That this Act shall Public A®, be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken

Notice of as such, by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1805.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS,

HI!

Cap. 38.

An Act for more effectually making and repairing the Road from Carlowrie Bridge, on the River Almond, to Linlithgow Bridge, on the River Avon, and other Roads in the County of Linlithgow.

[i2thM^y 1809.]

WHEREAS, by an Act passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign 30G. $. c. of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue the ‘°v " Term, and alter the Powers osso much of two Acts, made in the Twenty fifth and Thirty-first Years of the Reign of His'lare Majesty,

" for repairing several Roads in the Counties of Linlithgow and Stirling,

" as relates to the Roads lying within the County of Linlithgow/’ the said Two Acts of the Twenty-fifth and Thirty-first Years of the-Reign of His said late Majesty were repealed, so far as respects the Road from Garlowri: Bridge, formerly the Boat-house Ford on the River Ainloiid, to the Burgh of Linlithgow, and from thence to Linlithgow Bridge, on the River Avon, being that Part of the said Road which lies within the County of Linlithgow: And whereas the Powers granted by the Ibid.

Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty have been found insufficient to keep the said Road in Repair, and 10 improve the fame, by real’on of the great Rife in the Price of Labour, and frorh other causes; and it has therefore become necefLry that further Sums of Money should be borrowed, and that the Tolls or Duties to be levied on the said Road should be increased: And whereas it would be advantageous to the Public, and ftnrten the Line of the said Road, if Power was given to divert or alter the Line of the present Road frdrh nr near Carlowrie Bridge by East Mains and New Mains to Mutriehall, where it will join and communicate with the present Turnpike Road:

And whereas the Road from Sgueensferry to Kirk.iston, and from j~Loc. & Per.] 8 S thence

7H 49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 38.

thence to the Road from Edinburgh to Glasgow, by Bathgate and Airdrie, near the new Bridge over the River Almond, in the County of Linlithgow, is narrow and inconvenient, and in bad Condition, and it is expedient that the fame should be repaired and improved, and that the said Road, and the Toils or Duties to be levied thereon, should be under the Direction and Management of the Trustees on the aforesaid Road from Carlowrie Bridge, to Linlithgow Bridge; and that all the Powers and Provisions for those Purposes should be comprized in one Act of Parliament: May it therefore please your MAJESTY, That it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the Kino’s Most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and Act repealed, by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act the aforesaid Act of the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of 1-3is present Majesty shall be, and the fame is hereby repealed; and ihat from thenceforth the several Tolls, Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, b xemp-tions, Clauses, Matters, and Things in this Act contained, shall be put in Execution, and shall continue in Force during the Term herein mentioned, for the purpose of amending, widening, keeping in Repair, and improving the said Road extending from Carlowrie Bridge, on the River Almond, to the Burgh of Linlithgow, and from thence to Linlithgow Bridge, on the River Avon; and the said Road from Queensferry to Kirk-.lijlcn, and from thence to the Road from Edinburgh to Glasgow, by Bathgate and Airdrie, near the New Bridge over the River Almond.

Securities not

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That the Securities to bepreju- granted to any Person or Persons for Money borrowed on the Credit of diced. Tolls authorized to be levied by the said recited Act, and (till owing,

shall not be prejudiced by the Repeal thereof, but the said Securities shall attach upon the Tolls by this Act authorized to be levied.

III. And be it enacted, That every Person who is at present, or shall be ru ees‘ at any Time after the Commencement of this Act, in his own Righr, or in the Right of his Wife, in the actual Possession and Enjoyment, as Proprietor or Life-renter, of Lands lying in the County of Linlithgow, valued in the Tax-rolls of the said County at One hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent, and all and every the elded Sons of such Heritors or Life-renters, the ProvoA of the Burgh of Linlithgow, for the Time being, and the Chief Magistrate of the Burgh of ^ueetisferry for the time being, shall be, and they are hereby nominated and appointed Trustees for surveying, ordering, repairing, and keeping in Repair the aforesaid Roads, and for putting in execution all the Powers in and by this Act given and granted: Provided always, That neither the said Provost or Magistrate shall be capable of aiding as a Trustee, unless he shall be possessed of Lands or Heritages lying in the said County of the valued Rent above mentioned, or possessed, of a Personal EAate alone, or Real and Personal Estate together, to the Amount of Five hundred Pounds Sterling-

Penalty on IY. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person not described Persons aft- or qualified as aforesaid, shall nevertheless presume to act as a Tr ier, Mahfied>e,n^ every Person IHall, for every such acting, forfeit and pay the Sum of a i e . <j*en pouncjs Sterling, over and above the Expences of I roLcution,

which

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 7*5

which Penalty shall be recovered by Complaint, in a summary Way, at the Suit of any Heritor within the Paid County, before the Justices of the Peace, at their Quarter Sessions, or before the Sheriff-depute of the County or his Substitute, and shall be paid to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or to their Clerk or Treasurer, and shall be applied, one Moiety to the Complainer, and the other Moiety towards repairing and amending the said Road; and in case any such Complaint shall be brought, the Proof of Qualification shall lie upon the Defender.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and P°war to

for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to divert and turn 0r

the Covrfe or Path of the present Road at or nearly from Carlowrie Roaj' Bridge by East Mains and New Mains, so as to communicate with the

present Road at or near Muirichall, and which RoaJ, when completed,

shall be deemed Part of the Roads hereby directed to-, bj made and repaired.

VI. And whereas a Map or Plan describ'rig the Line of the said Road Trustees not from near Carlowrie Bridge to East Mains, and New Mains to Maine- to deviate ball, and the Lands through which the fame leads, coaether with a Book ^i'y'ard" of Reference, containing a List of the Names of the Owners and Occu- fronl the Line piers of such Lands, have been deposited at the Office of the Clerk of the deferred in Peace for the County of Linlithgow; be ic therefore enacted, That the the Plan, said Map or Plan and Book of Reference shall remain in the Custody of the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, to the end that all Persons may at all seasonable Times have Liberty to inspectand peruse the fame, and to take Copies or Extracts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence for every such Inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One Hundred Words of such Copies or Extracts of the said Map. or i'lan and Book of Reference; and that the said Trustees, in making the said Road, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards, of three Feet each, from the Line described in the said Map or Plan, xnithout the Consent and Approbation in Writing, of the Person or Persons, Bocfes Politic,

Corporate or Collegiate, through whole Lands or Grounds such Devia-ation shall be made.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That it shall and may Trustees may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to make the said Road in, to, make Roads, through, across, or over the several Lands or Grounds of any Person or Persons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners of Land, over which the fame is let out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, although the Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted in the said Book of Reference, in case I: shall appear to any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Linlithgow, and be certified by Writing under their Hands, that such Error or Omit-fion proceeded from Mistake.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five T urtees may or more of them, at their first General Meeting to be held at Linlithgow ereftToU under this Act, or at any of their adjourned Meetings as hereinafter di- Gltet rested, shall and may erect and build, or cauie to be erected and built.

One

716

Tolls.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

One or more Gate or Gates on or across any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and also such Number of Toll-Houses as they shall think fit, at or near such Gates or Turnpikes, or employ those already erected and built, and demand or take the Tolls or Duties, not exceeding the following Sums, at each of the said several Gates or Turnpikes, before any Coach, Chariot, Berlin, Landau, Calash, Chaise, Hearse, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, or other Cattle whatsoever, shall be permitted to pal's through the fame, subject to the Limitations and Exemptions hereafter expressed j that is to say,

For every Stage Coach, Long Coach, or Diligence or Carriage of the like Kind, drawn by Two Horles or Beasts of Draught, and licenced to carry, or kept or employed for carrying for Mire, if not more than Six Inside Passengers, and having no Outside Passengers, One Shilling: But if there be Outside Passengers at any Time, or for any Parc of the Journey, One Shilling and Eight pence:

If more than Six Inside Passengers, then che above Rates for Six, and for each additional Inside Passenger, Two pence:

For each Outside Passenger, exclusive of the Guard, in any of the above Cales, over and above the preceding Rates, One Penny:

For every Stage Coach, Long Coach, or Diligence, or Carriage of the like Kind, drawn by Three or more H dries, or Be.jfls of Draught, and 1L censed to carry, or kept or employed for carrying for Hire, if not more than Four Inside Passengers, and not more than Two Outside Passengers, Two Shillings:

If more than Two, and not exceeding Five Outside Passengers, Tfiree Shillings:

If more than Five Outside Passengers, Five Shillings:

If more than Four, but not more dun Six Inside Passengers, and nnt more than Two Outside Passengers, Two Shillings and Four-pence: If more than Two, and not exceeding Five Outside Passengers, Three Shillings and Eight-pence:

If more than Five Outside Passengers, S;x Shillings :■

If more than Six, but not more than Eight Inside Passengers, and not more than Two Outside Passengers, Three; Shillings and Eight-pence: If more than Two, and not exceeding Five Outside Passengers, Four Shillings and Four-pence:

If more than Five Outside Passengers, Seven Shillings:

If more than Eight, and not more than Ten Inside Passengers, and not more than Two Outside Passengers, Four Shillings;

If more than Two, and not exceeding Five Outside Passengers, Five Shillings:

If more than Five Outside Passengers, Eight Shillings:

If more than Ten Inside Passengers, and not more than Two OpSt fide Passengers, Four Shillings and Eight-pence:

If more than Two, and not exceeding Five Outtide Passengers, Fiye Shillings and Four-pence:

If more than Five Outside Passengers, Nine Shillings:

For eacii Outside Passenger, exclusive of the Guard, in any of the above Cafes, over and above the preceding Rates, One Penny:

For every other Coach, and for every Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Chaifey Calash, Chair, or such other Carriage, drawn by One Horse, or Bead of Draught, Six-pence; and drawn by Tyvo Horses, or

Beasts

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 3*.

Beasts of Draught, One Shilling; and drawn by Three Horses or Beasts of Draught, One Shilling and Eight-pence; and drawn by Four or Five Horses, or Beasts of Draught, Two Shillings; and drawn by Six or more Horses, or Beasts of Draught, Three Shillings:

For every Waggon or other such Carriage, with tr.ore than Two Wheels, used for the Purposes of Trade, Commerce, or Husbandry, drawn by One Horse, Ox, or Beast of Draught, Six pence; and drawn by Two Horses, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, Ten-pence; and drawn by Three Horses, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, Three Shillings; and drawn by Four Horses, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, Four Sillings; and drawn by Five Horses, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, Six Shillings; and drawn by Six or snore Horses, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, Eight Shillings;

For every Carr, Wain, or other such Carriage with only Two Wheels, used for the Purposes of Trade, Commerce, or Husbandry, where the Carriage, with its Burden or Loading shall not weigh more than Twenty-six Hundred Weight,

If drawn by One Horse, Ox, or Beast of Draught, Six-pence:

If drawn by Two or more Horses, Oxen, or Beasts of Draught, Eight-pence:

For every such Carr, Wain, or other Carriage, where the Carriage, with its Burden or Loading, shall weigh more than Twenty-six Hundred Weight, but shall not weigh Thirty-four Hundred Weight, One Shilling:

If it shall weigh Thirty-four Hundred Weight or upwards. One Shilling and Four-pence:

For every Saddle Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, with, or without a Rider, Two pence:

For every other Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, laden or unladen, and not drawing, One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Afs, loaded or not loaded. One Penny:

For every Score of Oxen, or neat Cattle, and so in Proportion, for any greater or less Number, One Shilling:

For every Score of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, Lambs, or Goats, and so in Proportion, for any greater or less Number, Six-pence:

And, if any Person shall be convicted before any Justice of the Peace, either on his own Confefifion, or by the Oath of one credible Witness, of having directly or indirectly, evaded any Part of the Rates contained in any of the preceding Cal'es, by concealing the Number of his Out-fideor Inside Passengers, he shall, for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Twenty Shillings, to be recovered in manner directed by this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Person or Persons as they, or any Five or more of them, as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, nominate arid appoint, to demand and take the Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable; and, if any Person or Persons shall neglect or refuse to pay the Tolls and Duties hereby granted, the said Trustees are hereby empowered, by themselves, or such other Person or Persons they, or any Five or more of them, as aforesaid, at a general Meeting assembled, shall authorise and appoint, to levy each and every of the said Tolls and Duties, by Distress and Sale of [, Lot. & Per.] 8 ? any

7iS

Tolls may be reduced.

Side Gates.

49 ° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

any Horse or Horses, or other Cattle upon which such Toll or Duty iit by this Act, imposed, with the reasonable Charges of such Distress, until the Duties shall be paid: And it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person and Persons so distraining, after the Space of Four Days after such Distress shall be made and taken, to appraise and fell the Horse or other Cattle so distrained, by Public Roup, at the Turnpike or Toll-house where the Toll ought to have been paid, returning the Overplus, if any be, and demanded by the Proprietor of such Horse or other Cattle, so distrained, after deducting such Toll or Duty, and the reasonable Charges for dillraining, keeping, appraising, and felling the same.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, assembled at their aforesaid (fated half-yearly Meetings, to diminish and lessen any or all of the aforesaid Tolls or Duties, as they shall see Cause, and to advance the lame again, so as the same shall not at any Time exceed the Tolls or Duties granted and expressed in this Act.

XI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to erect or build, or cause to be erected or built, one or more Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turnpikes, on the Side or Sides of the aforesaid Roads hereby directed to be repaired, and across any Lane or Way leading out of the fame, and all'o a Toll-house or Toll-houses at each such Gate or Turnpike; and there to take or receive such Tolls or Duties as are, by this Act, granted and made payable; but foas, that a Ticket, received at any such Side Gare, shall entitle the Receiver thereof to pals, Toll free, through the next Gate or Turnpike upon the Roads hereby directed to be repaired, if within Six Miles, on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night, to Twelve of the Clock the succeeding Night.

Toll Houses XII. And, for the better enabling the said Trustees to erect Toll-tobeereSed, houses necessary for collecting the said Tolls, be it enacted, and veiled in That the said Trustees shall be, and they are hereby empowered to purchase, or to take in Lease, such Pieces of Ground for that Purpose, as they shall think most convenient, not exceeding One-fourth Part of an Acre for each Toll-house; and, in case the Trustees cannot agree with the Proprietor and Occupier for the yearly Rent of such Ground, they shall apply to the Sheriff of the County to summon a Jury to fix the Rent for the fame: which said Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable, and the Right, Interest, and Property of all and every Turnpike, Toll-houses, and Premises already erected upon the aforesaid Roads, in the County of Linlithgow, in virtue of the said former Act, or to be erected by virtue of this present Act, are, and shall be vested in the said Trustees; and the fame, and every Part thereof, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of, or assigned to and for the fevera) Uses, Intents, and Purposes by this Act directed, (the Charges expended or that shall be paid, in or by Reason of passing this Act, first deducted).

Trustees.

T'lla to be paid once a Say.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons, having occasion to pass through any Turnpike, ertfted or to be erected in virtue of this Act, where the Tolls and Duties are or shall be taken,

may

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 719

may and shall on Demand be furnished with a Note or Ticket, Notes Of Tickets, signifying the Payment of such Toll or Duty; which Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, shall give Access to the said Person or Persons to pass through any other Turnpike or Turnpikes placed on the said Roads, not exceeding the Distance of Six Miles from the Turnpike where the said Person or Persons received the Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, as aforesaid, without being liable or compelled to pay the said Tolls or Duties more than once, for paflrng through the aforesaid Turnpike or Turnpikes, and returning the same Day, before Twelve of the Clock at Night, with the fame Coach, Cart, or other Wheel-Carriage, or with the fame Horse, Afs, or other Beast or Cattle j but in case the fame Coach, Cart, or other Wheel-Carriage, or the fame Horse,

Afs, or other Beast, or Cattle, shall pass the Turnpike or Turnpikes with a new Loading a secondjor more Times, they shall, in that Cafe, be subjected to pay the Tolls for each Time they shall so pass, in the same Manner they did the first Time; and no Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, obtained at Payment as aforesaid, shall exempt any Person or Persons from Payment of the Tolls, at any Turnpike or Turnpikes on the said Road, at a greater Difiance than Six Miles from the Turnpike where the Person or Persons received such Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, as aforesaid; but they shall be liable to pay the said Tolls or Duties in the same Manner they did the first Time.

XIV. And, for preventing Frauds or Abuses in the said Tolls or Duties Penalty on

hereby granted, be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons °{

having paid the Toll or Duty by this Act imposed, and having a Note

or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, signifying the Payment of such Toll or Duty, shall give or dispose of the same to any other Person or Persons, in order to avoid the Payment of the said Toll or Duty, every such Person so giving or disposing of such Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets, and the Person receiving the fame, being convicted thereof upon Oath, of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any One or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings Sterling, to be levied and recovered in Manner hereinafter directed.

XV. And be it enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for or Exempt;0i, in relpedl of Carriages, Horses, or Cattle, employed in carrying Materials for making or repairing Roads, Bridges, and Toll Houses, in the said County, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty after carrying the fame, or for Cattle, Horses, or Carriages, laden or unladen, passing from one Part of a Farm to another, or laden with Implements of Husbandry, Dung, Lime, Stones, or any other Materials for manuring or draining Lands; nor for Hay, Corn, Corn in the Straw, or other Produce, provided the same shall be carried from the Houses, Outhouses, Barns, or Yards of the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers of such Lands respectively, or from one Part of a Farm to another Part of the fame, or for any Carriages or Horses carrying any Person to or from Church, Chapel, or any Place of religious Worship, belonging ro, or situated within the Parish where such Person resides, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service js ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of

any

720

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

any Person who shall die and be buried within the Parish; or carrying any Clergyman going to, or returning from visiting any sick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Ministerial Duty, or for Horses or Cattle going to, or returning from their usual Places of Pasture or watering} or going to Smithies for the Purpose of being lhod, or returning therefrom; or for Horses or Carriages of whatsoever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails or Expresses, under the Authority of His Majesty's Post-master General, either when employed in conveying or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning from conveying the fame > nor for the Horses of Officers or Soldiers, who are upon their March or on Duty, nor for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriages, employed in carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers, or in conveying any wounded or disabled Officers or Soldiers, nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses or other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces; nor for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by, or for any Person belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to, or returning from the Place appointed for, and on the Days of Exercise: Provided always, that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively; nor for Carts or Carriages or Waggons, travelling with Vagrants sent with legal Passes; and if any Person shall claim or take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions aforesaid, not being legally entitled to the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings Sterling.

Exempting

XVI. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving, with'sforei. or ca°Gng to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for over Weight; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage be flopped or detained by reason ofiny Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen, but ic shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any N umber of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

For erecting

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and weighing En- for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to erect, or cause to g:nes. be eref|ecjj One or more weighing Machines on the said Roads, for the Purpose of weighing the Carriages that shall pass thereon; and the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons appointed by them, are hereby authorised to weigh the fame; and in case the Owner or Driver of any such Carriage shall refuse to allow the same to be weighed, he shall, for every

7 2 X

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

every such Essence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings to be levied and applied as by this Act is directed.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more Appointment of them, shall and may, from Time to Time, choose and appoint ot Officers, One or more fit Person or Persons, to be Receiver or Receivers,

Collector or Collectors, and Clerk or Clerks, to the said Trustees, for receiving the Tolls or Duties granted and made payable by this Act; and also One or more fit Person or Persons to be Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Roads, or such other Officers as they shill think proper; and from Time to Time to remove such Clerks, Receivers, Collectors,

Surveyors, and other Officers, or any of them, and appoint new Ones, as they shall see Occasion; And all Persons hereby made liable to pay the said Tolls or Duties, shall pay the same to such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, Officer or Officers, so from Time to Time to be appointed as aforesaid, after the Rates aforesaid; and the Person or Persons so appointed to collect and receive the said Tolls or Duties, as aforesaid, shall, on the First Tuesday of every Month, or at any other Time to be appointed by the said Trustees, give in a true, particular, exact, and perfect Account in Writing, under their respective Hands, with the Vouchers thereof, of all Monies which they have received, paid, and disbursed by virtue of this Act, and verify the fame upon Oath, if required; and in case any Overplus Money so received shall remain in their Hands, the same shall be paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being, and shall. be' laid out and applied for the Purposes of this Act: And the said Trustees are hereby required to take such Security from their Treasurer or Treasurers, and Collector or Collectors, or other Officers employed by them, for the due E xecution of their Office or Offices, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think proper; and that the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall and may, out of the Monies arising from the said Tolls and Duties, make such Allowance to their Treasurer or Treasurers, Collector or Collectors, Overseer or Overseers, Surveyor or Surveyors, Clerk or Clerks, or other Officer or Officers to be appointed as aforesaid, for and in Consideration of his or their Care and Pains respectively taken in the Execution of his or their respective Office or Offices; and also to such other Person or Persons as shall be assisting in and about procuring the said Roads to be amended and repaired, as to the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall seem meet:

And in case the said Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or any other Person or Persons concerned in the Collection or Receipt of the aforesaid Tolls or Duties, or any of them, shall not make such Account and Payment as aforesaid, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, are hereby authorised and required to prosecute such Defaulters and their Cautioners, before the Sheriff, or any Two Or more justices of the Peace of the County where such Defaulters reside, who, upon Conviction, shall either issue their Warrant for Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Defaulters and their Cautioners in a summary Manner, or may commit the Party or Parties to the common Gaol of the said respective Counties, therein to remain until he of they shall have made a perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, with full Costs of Suit, or shall have compounded and agreed for the fame with the said Trustees, or tfny Five or more of them, and have paid such Composition

[Lee. & Per.] 8 U to

722

’i\uflee« net to hold Placts of Profit.

For borrowing Money,

and assigning the Tolls.

First and other Meetings.

49* GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

to their Treasurer or Treasurers; which Composition the said Trustees, cr any Five or more of them, assembled at any of their dated Half-yearly Meetings, as hereinafier mentioned, are hereby authorised and cmpoweied to make and receive: Provided always, that no Person who shall be committed as aforesaid shall remain in Prison for any Period exceeding Six Calendar Months.

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Person or Persons who shall hold or accepc of any Place of Profit anting out of, or by Reason of any Tolls or Duties by this Act laid or granted, thall, though otherwil'e qualified, aft as a Trustee or Trustees for putting this Act in Execution, from the Time of accepting, and during the Enjoyment of such Place of Profit as aforesaid.

XX. And whereas it may be necc ffiry for the T rotlees under this Act, to borrow a Sum of Money for paying off the aforesaid Debt, allocated upon the said Hoad hereby directed to be repaired, and for the other Ends and Purposes of this Act, be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, assembled at any of their Half-yearly Meetings, as hereinafter appointed, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to borrow any Sum or Sums, of Money, not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds Sterling, including the Money borrowed and owing under the said former Act, at an Interest not exceeding the legal Interest fur the Time, which Sum is to be applied for Reparation or Alteration of the aforesaid Roads, in Manner herein directed; and when the Sum so borrowed shall, in the Whole or in Part, be applied and accounted for, and paid off to the Creditor or Creditors, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them assembled as aforesaid, a: their dated Half-yearly Meetings, are herthy empowered to borrow another Sum of Money, equal to that so paid off as aforesaid; so that the Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed by the said Trustees shall not, at any Time, exceed in the Whole the Sum of Ten Thousand Pounds Sterling: Provided always, that no Money shall be borrowed in consequence of the Powers hereby granted, unless One Month’s previous Notice thereof be given by Advertisement in Two of the Eain~ burgh Newspapers.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them assembled at the aforesaid dated Half-yearly Meetings, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to assign and make over the Whole, or any Part of the Tolls or Duties by this Act imposed, to the Persons from whom the Money, as aforesaid, shall be borrowed, as a Security for Repayment of the Sum or Sums of Money so lent by them, with the Interest thereupon.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or more of thenr, shall hold their first Meeting, by virtue of this Act, at Lin-lilbgow, on the Second Friday after parting this Act, or as soon thereafter as conveniently may be, in consequence of an Advertisement to be published in Two of the Edinburgh Newspapeis, by Directions from the Convenor of the Commissioners of Supply for the County of Linlithgow, for the Time being, who is hereby authorized and required, as loon as this Act shall be delivered to him, to cause the said first Meeting of the Trustees to be advertised, in Manner aforesaid, with Power to them,

' * at

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. 723

*c their aforesaid first Meeting, or any after Meetings, to adjourn them-lelvts to such Times and Places as they shall think proper or convenient, and as often ?s it shall be necessary for putting this Act into Execution:

And if it shall happen, that there shall not appear at any Meeting or adjourned Meeting, which shall be appointed to be held under the Authoii-ty of this Act, a sufficient Number of Trustees to ad at such Meeting, the Trustees present shall and may adjourn to another Day; and Notice thereof shall be given in the aforesaid Edinburgh Newsp3pers at lead Ten Days before the Day fixed for holding such adjourned Meeting; and thac the said Trustees at their first, and all their fubl'equent Meetings, shall defray their own Charges and Expences.

XXIII. And be it funherenacted, That from and after the Commencemtfnt General of this Act, the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall hold Mcel‘n2*-Two (fated General Meetings in the Year, at Linlithgow, videlicet, on the first Friday of March, and first Friday of October, yearly, at which Meetings, and at no other, all Orders for issuing or borrowing Money, or assigning the Tolls in Security thereof, or for erecting Toll Gates or Side Bars, shall be given; and that the Clerk or Clerks to the said Trustees shall cause to be inserted in the aforesaid Edinburgh Newspapers, an Advertisement of such dated General Meetings, winch Advertisement shall not be more than Two Weeks, nor less than Ten Days before the Day hereby appointed for the holding of such respective dated General Meetings; but, that the Meetings of the said Trustees, for all other Purposes, except as aforesaid, shall be regulated according to the other Directions contained in this Act: Provided always, That the said Trustees shall have no Power to ad in any of the Matters or Things hereby committed to them, otherwise than at the said Meetings appointed by this Act, or adjourned Meetings as aforesaid.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That if the said Trustees, or any Five Orders not to or more of them, at their General Meetings, shall determine in any Mat- be revoked ter, or appoint and order any Thing to be done with rel'ped to the jP‘nout amending and repairing the said Roads, or levying the said Tolls or Duties, or of or concerning any other Powers hereby committed to them, it

shall not be in the Power of any subsequent General Meeting to alter, vary, or annul such Determination, or give ary Orders contrary, and in Opposition to the Orders formerly given, unless such subsequent General Meeting shall be called by an Advertisement in the aforesaid Newspapers, expressly setting forth such Resolutions of a former General Meeting as are to be taken under Review.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees shall keep an Proceeding* exact Account of the Money received, and of the Application thereof, to be entered, and of all other their Proceedings under the Authority of this Act, and shall enter the fame into a Book or Books, to be kept for that Purpose; to which Book or Books any Heritor possessed in Property of One Hundred Pounds Scots of valued Rent in the County of Linlithgow, or any other adjoining County, in which there are Roads leading into the Road hereby directed to be repaired, shall at all seasonable Times be at Liberty to relort and to inspect the fame, without Fee or Reward.

724

Preventing Misapplication oi‘ Money.

Declaring what shall be d emed a Misapplica-tun.

Tolls may be let.

Trustees may compound.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. %8.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Misapplication of the Money collected, received, or levied by virtue of this Act, all, and every Person or Persons, vvlio shall so mifap^ly, or by whose Authority tie ume shall be misapplied, shall forfeit and pay double the Sum or Sums so misapplied, to be recovered against him or them, at the Suit of any Three or more Heritors within the aforesaid County, poll'ccted of Two Hundred Pounds Scots each of valued Rent in Property, who are hereby authorized to sue for and recover the fame, in an Action iummari-ly before the Lords of Council and Session, without abiding the Course of any Roll, with full Costs of Suit; One Moiety of which Forfeiture shall belong to the Persons who iue for the fame, and the other Moiety shall be paid to the Laid Trustees, to be applied by them for the Purposes of this Act , but if any such Prosecution shall, after Trial, be found to have been vexatious and groundless, the Prosecutors shall be liable to pay treble Costs.

XXVI. And be it further enacted and declared, That if the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, at their aforesaid stated half-yearly Meetings, shall neglect to apply so much of the Money collected, received, or levied by virtue of this Act, as shall be sufficient to put and keep the Roads hereby directed to be repaired, and Bridges within the same, in proper Repair, or shall apply the said Money to Bye-roads and Bridges, while the Road hereby directed to oe repaired, and Bridges on the fame, or any Part thereof are allowed to remain in Disrepair, such Neglect, or such Application to Bye-roads or Bridges shall be deemed, holden, and accounted a Misapplication of the aforesaid Money, so as to authorize the suing for, and recovering the said Forfeiture, and Costs of Suit, in the aforesaid summary Action.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of chem, at a General Meeting assembled, to let by Public Roup the said Tolls or Duties, in whole or in Parcels, from Tune to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, by Lease or otherwise, for any Term not exceeding Three Years, for the highest Rate or Rates they can get for the fame, to such Person or Persons as shall, from Time to Time, give such good and sufficient Security for paying thereof, as shall be approved by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, as aforesaid.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, assembled at their stated Half-yearly Meetings, shall be, and they are hereby empowered, as they shall see convenient or think fit, to compound or agree, by the Year or otherwise, with any Person or Persons using to travel through the Turnpikes, and living within Three Miles of any Turnpike or Turnpikes, erected or to be erected in the said Roads, with any Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calaffi, Chaise, Chair, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse, Gelding, Mare, or Mule, or any other Bead of Draught, for any Sum or Sums of Money, to be paid Quarterly, from Time to Time, after such Agreement is made; and in case such Person or Persons, so compounding, shall neglect or refuse the Payment of such Composition Money, for the Space of Fifteen Days after the same shall become due, then it may and shall be lawful

49° GEORGII ill. Cap:3$. 7*5

lawful to levy the same by Diflrefsand Sale of the Defaulter’s Goods and Chattels, in Manner hereafter directed.

XXIX. And be it further enacted.Thac it shall and may be lawful for the Getting said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or such Person or Persons Material*; as they shall appoint, to dig, gather, take, and carry away any Gravel,

Furze, Heath, Sand, Stones, or other Materials, out of any Waste or Common of the said County, or out of the several Grounds of any Person or Persons, (not being the Ground wherein any Houses (land, nor a Garden, Orchard, Yard, Lawn, Planted Walk or Walks, or Avenue to any House, nor any Piece or Parcel of Ground set apart or used as a Nursery for Trees, or Pleasure Ground), where such Materials are or may be found; and from Time to Time to cause the same to be carried away, or so much thereof as the said Trustees shall judge necessary for repairing and amending the Roads and Bridges aforr-said, and to open convenient Acccls for carrying off the said Materials; which Access, and Places from which the said Materials are proposed to be taken, must be marked out by Three Trustees, if so required by the Owner, or his or her Factor, or by the Occupier, paying only for the Damage done to the Owners or Occupiers of the said Grounds respectively where or from whence the same shall be dug, gathered, or taken away, or over which the same shall be carried; and the Amount of such Damage shall be settled and ascertained by any Three or more of the said Trustees residing near the Place from which the said Materials are taken; but if the Owners or Occupiers shall not be satisfied with the Damages offered by the Trullees, Application may be made to the Sheriff, to have the fame ascertained by a Jury; but such Dispute or Difference shall not, in the meantime, hinder the using or carrying off of the said Materials for repairing and amending the said Roads.

XXX. Provided always, That it shall not be lawful for the Trustees, or Notice bc'ng any Person acting under their Authority, to dig, gather, or take away any prcviovlly Materials for altering, widening, repairing, or keeping in Repair the said g"'1'-Road, or other Purpose of this Act, until Six Days’ Notice, in Writing,

shall have been given to the Proprietors or Occupiers of the Lands, or others, from which such Materials are intended to be taken, or shall have been left for such Proprietors or Occupiers, or their ordinary Agents, ac their usual Places of Residence, to appear before the Trullees, or before Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County, to fhcw Caule why such Materials should not be taken from such Lands; and in case such Proprietors or Occupiers shall attend, pursuant to such Notice, the Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or the said Juiliccs, shall, if they think fit, authorize the Person or Persons aforesaid, to dig, gather, and carry away such Materials, at such Time or Times as they shall think proper, and it such Owners or Occupiers shall neglect or refuse to appear by themselves or their Agents, the said Trullees or Justices may and shall make such Order thereupon as they shall think fit, as fully and effectually as if such Proprietors or Occupiers, or their Agents, had attended.

XXXI. And be it further enadLd, That it shall and may be lawful for Providing

the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, assembled at their flattxl d*'

ILocM P<r.-\ bX Hall-Mau-

726

Preventing Stones, fcc. being left on the Road.

No Buildings to be erected within a certain Distarce of the Road.

Making and preserving Footpaths, Drains, &c.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Half-yearly Meetings, as herein before directed, to give Orders for purchasing, or taking in Lease, such Pieces of Ground adjacent to the said Roads, (not exceeding One-fourth Part of an Acre each), as shall be judged most convenient for Repositories, wherein the Stones or other Materials for repairing the said Roads may be broken or kept, so as not to be laid upon the Road itself, until they are immediately to be used for repairing or amending the same-, and in cale lhe Trustees, or their Surveyor, cannot agree with the Proprietor or Tenant, Application may be made to the Sheriff, who is hereby required to summon a Jury, according to whose Verdict all Differences respecting the aforesaid Lease or Purchase shall be finally determined.

XXXII. And be it enacted, That ifany Person or Persons employed by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or under their Authority, to repair the said Roads, shall leave thtreon any Heap or Heaps of Gravel, Stones broken or unbroken, or other Matter, or shall break Heaps of Stones thereon, such Person or Persons shall forfeit and pay the Sum of Ten Shillings Sterling for each Offence, to be recovered and applied in the Manner by this Act directed.

XXXIII. And be it enacted.That after the passing this Act, no House or Building shall oe erected so as to incroachon rhr said Roads, or on any footpaths on the Sides thereof •, and that any Two of the said Trustees may flop the erecting of any such House or Building, by an Order under their Hands; and that it shall be lawful for the Sheriff Deputy of the said County, or any Five or more Justices of the Peace thereof, to cause such House or Building to be pulled down and demolished, at the foie Charge and Expence of the Ereftor: nor shall any Trees be planted within Seven Yards of the South or Weft Sides of the said Roads, otherwise the lame shall be removed in the same manner as above directed, with respect to Houses erected on the Sides of the said Roads.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted.That it shall be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, to make or cause to be made causeways, and to make or cause to be made a Footpath or Footpaths on the Side or Sides of the said Roads, and to erect Pods to prevent any Person or Persons from riding or driving Horses, or Carriages, or Cattle, on the fame; and to cut and make Ditches and Drains through any Grounds lying contiguous to the said Roads, for the Purpose of letting off the Water from the lame; and to make and erect Arches and Bridges; and also, where any Part of the Road shall not be of a sufficient Breadth, to widen and extend the same to such Breadth as they shall think proper, not exceeding Fourteen Yards; and, for that Purpose, to pull down and demolish any House or Building whereof the Side Wall shall not exceed Twelve Feet in height, upon giving Six Months previous Notice to the Owners or Occupiers thereof, and to remove any other Obstructions, paying such Damage to the Owners or Occupiers respectively, whose Grounds or Houses shall be prejudiced or damaged by such widening beyond the legal Standard, as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall judge reasonable; and, in case of any Difference concerning the same between the said Owners and Occupiers, and the said Trustees, the same shall be determined by a Jury, to be called by the

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 38. tVJ

the Sheriff, as aforesaid; provided, that in widening the aforesaid j£of4$? nothing shall lie done which may anywise prejudice or damage ?nv riously or Building (except as aforesaid), or any Park, Paddock, Garden, Orchard, Lawn, Planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or any Piece or Parcel of Incloled Ground, set apart and tiled as a Nursery for Trees, or Plralure Ground, without the Content of the Owner or Owners hereof, under his or their Hand or Hands.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Occupier O’ Occupiers of Ditch*, to b* any Grounds lying contiguous to the said Roads, through which Grounds '-'"‘dear, there shall lx any such Ditch or Drain as aforesaid, shall keep the fane clean and free from Obstructions, and where the Grounds on the Side or Side? of the said Roads shall be inclosed with Hedges, the fame shall be kept cat: to a Height, not exceeding Four Feet and a Half; and in case the Occupier or Occupiers of Inch Grounds shall not keep such Ditches and Drams clear and free from Gbftrutti n, or shall neglerS to cut the Hedge? to the Height aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for the said Fruiters, or any Three or more of them, to cause the said Ditches 4rid Drains to be cleaned, and the said Hedges to be cut, at the foie Charges arid Expences of the said Occupier or Occupiers; provided always, that they shall not be compelled to cut such Hedges, except from the Eirlt.Day of Obiuber to the First Day of March.

XXXVI. And be it enacted, That where any Passage for C utle or Carr riages acrois any Road, for the Convenience of the Occupier of the Ground through which it paflfes, shall be made, the Occupier of such Ground fhailalways cover the Drains eroding the Sides of fuciv Roads with sufficient Stones, in such Manner as the Course of the Water in the Drains may not be interrupted, or the Road thereby prejudiced; provided always, that no Occupier of Land shall turn any Water upon the Side of any of the said Roads, nor conduiS any Water across any of the said Roads, for the meliorating of his Fields or other Purposes, until he Fhall have applied for, and obtained the Consent of Five or more of the said Trustees, in their General Meeting assembled; and every such Occupiei shall be obliged to carry the Water acrois the Road in a covered Drain, of such Depth and Conduction as that the Water may not prejudice phe Road.

XXXVII. And be it enacted, That it shall be lawful to and for the said may Trustees, or any Five or more of (hem, on giving Three Months’ No- he diverted, uce, by Advemfement in the aforesaid Eainburgh N.ewipapers, to

alter within the Distance herein mentioned, the Dueftion or any Part or Parts of the said Roads, and that either for the Purpose or Avoit-ening the fame, or of avoiding any Hill or Hills, or other Odftruc-tion by which the Course of the said Roads may be impeded; and the said Trustees are hereby empowered to purchase for that Eurpa.e such Pieces of Ground as they shall judge most convenient; provided always, that no Resolution for making loch Alteration flp,aFi.,be adopted, except at a General Meeting of the said Trustees, passed by Advertisement in the aforesaid Edinburgh i\,ewfpapiers; which Adyer-tikmrot Avail expressly set forth the propoied Alteration or distfrp ations, as a Subject for the Consideration of such Genepil Meeypg,* and provided that, in making such Alteration or Alteration?, /unbing

shall

Covered Drains to be made.

728

Cowpenf*-tion to be made for Ground taken, or Hereditaments damaged.

Sheriff to summon a Jury to fix Value of Lands and Houses.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

shall be done which may in anywise prejudice any House or Building, or to the Prejudice of any Park, Paddock, Garden, Orchard, Lawn, planted Walk, or Avenue to any House, or any Piece or Parcel of inclosed Ground set apart and uled as a Nursery for Trees, or Pleasure Ground, at the Time of passing this Act, without the Consent of the OVvner or Owners thereof by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That full Compensation shall be made to the Owners and Occupiers of all Lands, Grounds, and Tenements, taken for the Use of the said Roads, and for all Damage done to the fame, and for that Purpose the Trustees shall, before entering on any such Ground or Tenements, or injuring the fame, give Three Month’s Notice, at the lead, to the Owners and Occupiers thereof, and make an Offer to them of what the Trustees consider to be the Value, or a just Compensation, unless such Owners or Occupiers renounce all Claim to Damages or Compensation, which the Owners and Occupiers in Possession at the Time, of Estates under Entail or Incumbrance shall be at Liberty to do, in case the fame does not exceed the Value of Twenty Pounds Sterling, but not otherwise; and that the said Trustees (h ill be, and they are hereby empowered, to take and acquire, and all Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, Corporations aggregate or foie, Heirs of Entail, Husbands, Trustees, Tutors, and Curators, and all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, though under legal Disability or Inca'-pacity, are hereby empowered and required to fell, let, and convey all such Lands or Houses as may be necessary for the making, altering, or widening the said Roads, or any of them, and erecting any Toll Bar or Toll House thereon, or for storing Materials, or otherwise, where Ground is necessary for the Purposes of this Act.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That in taking the necessary Ground for making, altering, or widening the said Roads, or for any Toll-house, Garden, or Stable, as before mentioned, under the Authority of this Act, if the said Trustees shall not come to an Agreement with the Owner or Owners, and Occupier or Occupiers of the Lands where the Roads are to be so altered or widened, or whose Fences are to be altered or removed, or with the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of any Ground taken for such Toll-houses, Garden and Stable, or any House or Houses, or Part or Parts of any House or Houses, which are to be taken down as aforesaid, or in cale the Claim of Damages which may be thence incurred has not been renounced in Manner aforesaid, Application shall be made to the Sheriff-depute of the County of Linlithgow, or his Substitute, to summon a Jury in order to value the Ground necessary to be taken and used, or Houses or Parts of Houses, necessary to be taken down as aforesaid, and the Lossor Damage ensuing from the alter, ing or removing Fences; and the said Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, are hereby empowered and required, upon Application, to order Notice thereof to be given to the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, of such Ground or Houses, and afterwards to issue a Summons, in the usual Manner, for calling together and impannelling a Jury, confiding of Fifteen Persons in Number, to examine into, and after such Examination to return a Verdict, upon Oath, as to the Damage sustained by the Proprietors of such Lands, Fences, Houses, or Parts of Houses; and in

making

49° GEORGII III. Cup. 38.

729

miking lip their Verdict, to he pronounced as herein directed, and in estimating he Sums to be paid to the Proprietors, Tenants, or Occupiers of Lands and Houses, as aforesaid, the said Jury (had have Righq and tliev are hereby emptwered to take under their Consideration all Circumstances, particularly the Advantages arising to the Proprietors,

Tenants, and Occupiers, by the said Roads; and in ascertaining the Value of the Dykes or Inclosures which it mav' be necessary to pull down in making new Roads, the J irv shall also have Power to direct such Dykes as mav thereby become ulclcls to the Prapiietor, to be taken down and removed determined by the said Trustee , upon Payment of such Allowance therefore as the said Jury may determine; and it shall be optional to the Proprietor either to accept of the Allowance so awarded, or to retain the Materials of the said Dykes to his own private Ule; and after a Verdict is pronounced, as aforesaid, the Lid Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, are hereby required to adjudge Payment of the Value and Sheriff toad. Amount of the Loss or Damage thereby awarded to the Persons having of the a Right thereto; and upon Payment being made by the said Trustees, yum awarded out of the Money raised by virtue of this Act, of the Sum awarded to by the July. the Party or Parties imerested, or Consignation of the said Sum in Manner by this Act directed, the said respective Trustees shall from thenceforth have a Right to take and use the Ground, and to take down the Houses and Fences, or Parts of Houses and Fences so valued, for the Purposes of alering, widening, and extending the Roads and Highways aforesaid, as fully and effectually ever after, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the Grounds,

Houses, or Fences, had executed regular Dispositions of the fame, and thereupon Infeftment had followed; and the said Proceedings and Orders of the Sheriff Depute, or his Substitute, shall be final, and not removeable determined by Bills or Letters of Advocation or Suspension, to or by any Court whatevei,any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in the Event that such Evp-nce* of Jury shall award a greater C imposition than the Trustees shall have of- the HroceeJ-fered, but Ids tftan the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers shall |ng«> bo* to have required, the Expence of the Proceedings shall be defrayed and e ^al borne by the said Trustees, and the said Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occu. irrs equally; but in case the said Jury shall award to such Owner or Owners, Occupier or cccupiers, the Sum lo required, or any greater Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the said Trustees; and on the other Hand, if the fid Jury shall award the Sum offered by the said Trustees, or a Ids Sum, the Whole of the said Expence shall be paid by the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers: Provided always,

That in all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, be prevented from treating with the said Trustee , such Costs and Expences shall be h rne and paid by the said Trustee: P.ovided also. That after having offered to the Proprietors. Occupier or Occupies of any Lands or HouU s, such Sum as the said Trustees lh ill th.nk reasonable, it shall and may be lawful for them to enter into and upon such Lands or Houses for the Purposes of this Act; and no Scop shall in the mean Time be put to the Operation of the said Trustees, on Pretence of settling the Damage, or that they have not been facisfied and paid.

[Lfff. fc? Ptr.~\

8 r

LXI. And,

73o

Any Warrant for Hopping the Work to be recalled on Caution found.

Reinvesting Turchafe-Monies if amcmting to 2001.

If left than 2ool* ard exceeding 2ol.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

XLI. And, to prevent unnecessary Trouble and Delay, be it further enacted, That in case any Person interested shall apply for, and obtain from any Judge competent, a Warrant for (lopping the Execution of any of the Purposes aforesaid, to be carried on under the Authority of this Act, the said Judge is hereby directed and empowered to recal such Warrant, amt remove any Sift obtained as aforesaid, provided sufficient Caution is found by the respective Trustees therein named for the Amount of such Damages as may be ultimately awarded to che Person iuing for the fame, and ascertained in Manner hereinbefore mentioned.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awardedto be prid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, purchased, taken, or used, by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Purposes thereof, which are held under Entail, or are subject to Life-rents, Annuities, or other Incumbrances, or shall belong to any Corporation, Married Woman, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under Disabrlity or Incap city, such Money shall, in case the lame shall amount to the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, under the Direction and by the Authority of the Court of Session, be, with all convenient Speed, paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profics of the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt, or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Parts thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, (landing settled therewith to the fame or like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the lame shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Coure, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Tru(ls, Intents, and Purpolrs, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as, at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement, shall be exilling undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time, and Until such Purchase shall be made, the Interest: or Annual Produce of such Money shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Heritages so hereby directed to be purchased, in calc such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XLIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages pm chafed, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be ltfs than the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame

shall,

73i

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 38.

shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being' entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, under the like Direction and Authority, be paid into either of the said Banks, and be placed to his or their Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner hereinbefore directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties,) in order that such principal Money, and the Interest arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein before directed, as far as the Case be applicable.

XLIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money Under 20I. so agreed or awarded to be paid, as next before mentioned, shall be lei's than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would, for the Time being, have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Heritages so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Tutors or Curators, to and for the Use and Benefic of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to i,case of not whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase mating out of Linds. Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased by virtue of chis Titles-Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, to the Credit of the Fatties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, (describing them,) subject to the Order, Controul, and DiS-position of the Court of Sefli in; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons, miking claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a Summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the lame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or hftates, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises, as to the said Court shall leem just and reasonable, and the Cashier and Cashiers of the Bank of Scotland, or Royal Bank of Scotland, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and Specifying for what

and

732

Where Qiief-tion« arile touching the Title.

E*pences in case of Disability.

For (hutting up Roads.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

and for whole Ule the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money, into the Banks as

aforesaid.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise, touching the I'ide of any Person to any Money to be paid into the said Banks in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, or of any Estate, Kight, or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenement', or Heritages, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, according to such Pol*. session, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Session; and such Money, and the Interest thereof, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and thac some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Pleritages, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XLVI!. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whereby reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into either of the said Banks, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heritages, to be settled to the like Cfes in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time t > Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or I’o much f such Expences as the Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Lofts and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, «ho shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money, for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XLVIII. And be it enacted, That when the Diredion of any Part or Parts of the said Roads. shall be altered as aforesaid, it shall be lawful to and for rheT. uftees to shut up, and alfn to sell and dispose of uich Part or Paris of the said Road1, and the Materials of such Bridges, as shall, in conlrquence of such Alteration, be no longer of ule, or whereby any Turnpike Gate or Gates may be avoided; and in case any Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers, or Inhabitants of the adj cent Lands, shall be deprived of any necessary Passage or Communication, or fhdl oe prejudiced or injured by the (hutting up and difule of such Part or Parts of the said Roads, it shall be lawful to and for the Trustees, and they are hereby directed to give new and convenient PafT-ges to and from the aforesaid Roads, to such Proprietors, Occupiers, or Inhabitants, and for that Purpose, to purchase such Pieces of Ground as they shall judge most proper; and in case they cannot agree with the Proprietor or Proprietors, Occupier or Occupiers thereof, the Pi ice shall be fixed by a Jury, to be summoned as aforesaid; and in calc any Person or Persons shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by the shutting up of such Part or * Parts

7 33

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

Parts of the said Roads, it shall and may be lawful for him or them to apply to the Justices of the Peace of the County of Linlithgow, in General Quarter Sessions assembled, who shall hear and determine the Matter in dilpute, and whole Judgment shall be final and conclusive.

XI.IX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Road so altered as Old Road to aforesaid, or new Road, and’the Road to be (hut up, or old Road, shall he allotted to both pass through the Grounds of the fame Proprietor, and that the Ground occupied by the new Road is of equal or greater Value than the L-indt.'8 Ground occupied by the old Road, the said Ground occupied by the old Road shall be allotted to the said Proprietor, and its Value shall be deduced from the Value of the Ground occupied by the new Road in making Payment for the fame; and in case the new Road, and the old Road, do not both pass through the Grounds of the fame Proprietor, the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Ground through which the old Road passed shall have the first Offer of the fame, and Affidavit shall be made by the Clerk to the said Tru(lees of such Offer of Preference having been made: And if any Dispote shall arise about the Value of the Ground occupied by the old Road, the same shall be determined by a Jury, to be summoned as aforesaid.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees, or any Five or p . more of them, shall and may cause the said Roads to be measured, and wp/stonef Stones and Pods to be erected, or to continue those already erected upon and Guide the fame, or near the Sides thereof, denoting the Dillance of each Mile,

«, or such other Distance as they shall judge convenient; and that the said Trustees shall and may also cause Way Pods to be erected, at such Places of the said Roads where Cross or Bve-Roads incerfect, or lead into it, denoting the Name or Names of the Place or Places to which such Cross or Bye-Roads lead; and Guide-Polls upon such Parts of the said Road as may be subject to deep or dangerous Floods.

LI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wil-fiully break, destroy, damage, pull up, or remove any such Stones or Pe^son^de-Posts already erected, or which shall be erected, or obliterate or deface itroying any Words, Letters, Figures, or Marks, that are or shall be made, in- them, feribed, or put thereon, and shall be thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County where the Offence shall be tried, such Person or Persons, so offending, shall respectively forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings Sterling for every such Stone or Pod so wilfully broken, destroyed, damaged, pulled up, removed, obliterated, or defaced, to be levied and recovered in the same Manner as other Penalties are, by this Act, directed to be recovered and levied; and such Forfeitures shall be applied, one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety in repairing the Stones or Pods so broken, pulled up, damaged, and defaced, or in supplying new Ones in their Stead: And if there shall be any Overplus of such Forfeitures, the same shall be laid out in repaiiing the said Roads; and in C3fe the Person or Persons so offending and convicted shall have no sufficient Goods or Chattels whereon such Forfeitures may be levied, then it shall and may be lawful for any Two or more of such Justices, by Warrants under their Hands, to commit such Person or Periods to the common Gaol of the County, therein to remain for any Space not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

[Lot. Per.~\ 8 Z . LI. And

734- 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

IVferving

LII. And be it enacted, That ifany Person or Persons shall maliciously Bridges,&c. 4]amage> destroy, or injure any Bridges, or the Parapet Walls or Buildings of any Bridge, or shall break down, or otherwise destroy or damage any Turnpike Gates, Ports, Chains, Bars, or other Works whatsoever, or the Houses erected or to be erected for the Use of such Turn-pikes, or any Weighing Machine or Weighing Machines, to be erected or placed upon any Part of the said Roads, or abuse or maltreat any of the Toll Gatherers, while employed in the Execution of their Office, or shall rescue any Person in Custody for any of the said Offences, every such Person or Persons so offending in any of the Premises, and being thereof lawfully convicted in any Prosecution ordered by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before any Two or more of the Joffices of the Peace of any County where the Offence shall be tried, such Person or Persons, so offending, shall not only be condemned to pay the whole Damages and Expences sustained by the Trustees, or the Toll Gatherers, or other Persons employed in the Execution of this Act, but also be fined in a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds Sterling; and in default of Payment of the said Damages, Expences, and Fine, shall be imprisoned in the common Gaol of the County, for any Time not exceeding Three Calendar Months.

Preventin'- LI II- And be it fui ther enacted, That ifany Person or Persons shall haul Trees being or draw, or cause to be hauled or drawn, upon any Part of the said Roads, <trawn on the any Tree, Logs, or Pieces of Timber, or any Stone or other Thing what-R°ad. soever, otherwise than upon a Wheel Carriage or Cart, or shall suffer any Tree, Log, Piece of Timber or Stone, or other Matter whatsoever, which shall be conveyed upon a Wheel Carriage or Cart, to drag upon any Part of the aforesaid Roads; or if any Person or Persons shall turn Ins or their Plough on any Part of the said Roads, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Shillings Sterling, to be recovered as hereinafter directed.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That ifany Person or Persons occupying Lands near to the Turnpikes erected, or which shall be erected in pursuance of this Act, shall knowingly permit or suffer any Person or Persons to pals through the fame, or through any Gate or Passage, or work with any Coach, Cart, or other Carriage, or with any Horle, Afs, or other Cattle, whereby the Payment of the Toll or Duty, by this Act imposed, shall be evaded, every such Person, so offending, and the Person or Persons riding or driving such Coach, Cart, or other Carriage, Horse, Afs, or other Cattle, being thereof convicted by the Testimony of one or more Witness or Witnesses, before any Two or more of the Justices of Peace of the said County, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeic and pay to the said Trustees, or their Collector or Collectors, the Sum of Twenty Shillings Sterling, to be recovered and applied, as by this Act is directed.

Penalty on

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at evading any Time, during the continuance of this Act, take oft', or cause co be

lolls. taken off, any Horse, Ox, or other Bead of Draught, from any Coach,

Waggon, Carr, or other Carriage whatsoever, at or before the same shall come to any of the Turnpikes already erected, or which shall be erected.

Penalty on permitting

private Passage.

49° GEORGII III,. Cap. 38. 735

rfeffed, by virtue of this Act, with an Intent to avoid paying any Tolls or Duties hereby imposed, or shall get off from the T of of any Stage Coach or other Carriage for the Purpose of avoiding the Tolls j or if any Coachman shall knowingly permit or suffer any Peri'on to get off from such Carnage, for the Purpose aforesaid, each, and every Person or Persons, offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay to the Did Trustees, or to their Collector for the Time being, the Sum of Ttyepty Shillings Sterling, to be recovered and applied as by this Act is di-Tested.

LVl. And be it enacted, That if any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other penalty on such Carriage, shall travel or pass on the said Roads, without having the Owners of Name of the Owner, in distinct and legible Characters, on some con- Waggons fpicuous part thereof, double Toll shall he demanded and taken before ^-a^0cu' such Waggon, Wain Cart, or Carriage shall be allowed to pff$ through the^on. any Turnpike Gate or Gates on the said Roads, and the Owner thereof shall forfeit and pay the Statutory Penalty for e$ich offence, over and above the said double Toll,

LVII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ride or prefcrv;n drive any Horse or Carriage on any Part or Parts of the Foot-paths made po0tpathf or to be made on the Sides of the said Roads, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Twenty Shillings Sterling, to be recovered and applied as by this Act is directed.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever Prevenvn" shall iay or leave any dead Horse. or other Carrion upon any Parr of the NuifsnQcs'oa said Road, or within Twenty Yards of the Sides thereof, (except in case Rojd. of Accident), or any Dung, Lime, Soil, Compolf, or Matter wuarloever upon the said Road-, or within Five Yards of the Side of any Part thereof, or upon the Streets of the Burghs, Towns or Villages through which the said Roads lead, upon pain of paying, for every such Offence, the Sum of Ten Shillings Sterling, and also forfeiting all such Dung,

Lime, Soil, Compost, or other Matter as aforesaid; which said Penalties and Forfeitu es shall be levied and recovered as any Penalty and For-leiture is by this Act directed to be levied and recovered, and shill be applied, one-Moiety to the Person who shall inform of the fame, and the other Moiety towards repairing and amending the said Roads.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That all Tolls, Penalties, and Forfeitures by this Act imposed, the Manner of levying and recovering where- (."7X7 of of is not otherwise particularly directed, shall be levied and rec ;vered by Dilbefs and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hands of any Two or more Julbces of the Peace of the Counry of Linlithgow; and the Persons diltrAning for such Penalties, are hereby authuriled and empowered. Three Days after such Dilbefs shall have been made, to leli by Public Roup the Goods and Chattels so distrained, and to return the Overplus Money (if any there be), upon Demand, to the Owners of such Goods or Chattels, after such Tolis,

Penalties, and Forfeitures, with the reasonable Charges of dilbaining, keening, and felling the lame shall be deduced and paid; and if it shall appear to such Julbces, that the said Offender or Offenders have not fuffbient Goods, or upon Execution returned by their Officers^ that Goods

fuf.icient

Trustees may aftasjustices.

Action to be commenced within Six Calendar Months.

Expences of the Act.

[Public Act.]

Continuance.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 38.

fufneient are not to be found, it shall be lawful to them, and they are hereby authorized and required to commit the Offender or Offenders to Gaol for any Spare, not exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Tolls, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Expences shall be sooner paid; and if any Person or Persons shall think himself or themselves aggrieved by the Sentence of such Two or more j ultices, it shall and may be lawful for him or them to appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Linlithgow, in their General Quarter Sessions assembled, who are hereby authorized and empowered to hear and determine the Matters in Dispute, and whose Decilion therein shall be final and conclusive.

LX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may he lawful to and for such of the said Trtiftees as are or shall be in the Commission of the Peace for the said County of Linlithgow, to act as Justices of the Peace in all such Cases, Matters, or Things as shall be necessary for ttie more speedy and effectual putting in Execution the several Authorities and Powers in this Act mentioned and contained, excepting in such Cases only where they are personally interested.

LXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Actions for all and every the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, or for any Thing done in the Execution thereof, shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months after the Fad was done or committed, and not afterwards.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That the Expences of procuring and passing this Act, shall be paid ouc of the First Monies, levied or borrowed by virtue of th s Act for making and repairing the said Road hereby directed and intended to be made and repaired.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, and taken to be a Pul i c Ad, and shall be judicially taken’ Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others without being specially pleaded.

LXIV. And be it enacted, That this Act shall continue in force for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years from and after the passing thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Primers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 39.

An Act for more equally and effectually assessxng and collecting the Poor Rates within the Parish of Saint Anne (commonly called Saint Anne Limehouse) in the County of Middlesex.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS the Poor within the Parish of Saint Anne (commonly called Saint Anne Limehouse') in the County of Middlesex, are very numerous, and are maintained and supported at a great Expence, and by means of very heavy Rates, and the Laws and Statutes nowin force within this Realm, for the affefltng and collecting of Monies for the Relief of Parochial Poor, are found inconvenient and ineffectual in the said Parish, and the Payment thereof is much evaded, by reason that divers Houses within the said Parish are let at small Rents or to weekly or monthly Tenants, or entirely let out in Lodgings or separate Apartments, or let ready furnished; and it is deemed that the granting of further Powers in the Premises will tend to the Equalization and Reduction of the present Poor Rates within the said Parish, to the great Alleviation of many Indus-trious Families who now pay the fame, and of the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Parish in general; may it therefore please Your Majesty, That it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the passing of this Act, where the yearly Rent or Value of any House, Tenement or Hereditament with-[Ltc. 1st Per.~\ 9 A in

For better Recovery of Rates on House* let at Small Rent* ett.

738 * 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

in the said Parish, dial I not exceed Twenty Pounds, or where th* Houses, Tenements, or Hereditaments shall be let weekly or to monthly Tenants, or at Rents which shall become payable and be collected at any shorter Period or Periods than quarterly, or shall be let out ready furnished, or in Lodgings or separate Apartments either furnished or unfit rnished, it shall be lawful for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and Vgllrvmen of the said Parish, or any Five or more of them (if they lhasi think proper) to compound with the Landlord or Landlords, Owner of Owners of all and every or any such House or Houses, Tenement or Tenements and Hereditaments in the said Parish, for Payment of the Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments t<?be made for the Relief of the Poor within the said Parish, at such reduced yearly Rental as the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor and Vestrymen, or any Five or more of them shall think reusonable, so that such Houses, Tenements or Hereditaments be not rated at less than Two-thirds or more than Four fifths of the Rack Rent at which the fame Hull then be let, or of the annual Value of the said Premises respectively; and the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of such Houses, Tenements or Hereditaments as shall not exceed the yearly Rent of Twenty Pounds, and of such as shall be let to weekly or monthly Tenants, or from whence the Rents shall become due and be collected at any shorter Period or Periods than quarterly, and of such as shall be let out ready furnished, or in Lodgings or separate Apartments furnished or unfurnished, is and are hereby required to enter into such Composition with the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor and Vestrymen as aforesaid; and in cai'e such Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners shall refuse or object to enter into any such Composition, or the said Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, and the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor and Vestrymen, shall not agree as to the Amount of such Composition, such Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners, shall from thenceforth be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of such Premises, and shall thereupon be rated and assessed to, and shall from Time to Time pay or cause to be paid the several Rates or Assessments charged upon the respective Premises, for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, according to a fair and equal Assessment by the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor and Vestrymen of the said Parish, unto the said Churchwardens or Overseers, or unto their Collector or Collectors for the Time being, who are hereby authorized and empowered to receive and collett the lame, and upon Nonpayment thereof to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners of the respective Premises aforesaid, wheresoever they shall be found, or of the Person or Persons inhabiting the fame respectively: Provided always, that no such Landlord or Owner shall be charged with or liable to pay for any increased Rent reserved or made payable to him for or on account of such Landlord or Owner having agreed to pay the several Rates or Assessments heretofore chargeable upon the Occupier, and that in such Case the said Rate or Rates, Assessment or Aflefirnems, or 16 much thereof as shall remain unpaid, shall be and continue a Charge upon the Premises in respect whereof they shall be so rated, and shall and may be recovered of and from the Owner, Lefiee, Landlord, Renter or Tenant respectively, in Manner herein-after mentioned and referred to.

j*atcprrcovfr- 1L And be it further »ii of Tenanti Person or Persons renting

io be repaid

enacted, Thar the Goods and Chattels of any or occupying any such House, Tenement or Hereditament,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 39. 739

Hereditament, or any Part or Parts thereof, the Poor Rates of which by the Wnd-the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners is or are hereby made ,ords‘ subject and liable to, shall be liable at all Times to be distrained and v fold for Payment of so much of the said Rates or Assessments, and of all Arrears thereof, which accrued and became due upon the said Premises during the Time of their Occupancy only, and all reasonable Cods, Charges, and Expences attending thereupon, and that each and every Person who shall pay any such Rates or Assessmentsas ought to have been paid by his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords, or upon whose Goods and Chattels the same shall be levied in pursuance of this Act, shall and may deduct the fame from and out of the Rent due and payable to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords so letting out the fame, unless there shall be some Agreement to the contrary between the Landlord and the Tenant j and the Receipt and Receipts for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge to every such Person, for so much Money as he, fire, or they shall have so paid, or which shall have been so levied on his, her or their Goods and Chattels in pursuance of this Act, and shall be allowed by such Landlord or Landlords of such Houses, Tenements or Hereditaments, in Part or in full Payment, as the Case may be, of the Rent due or to become due to him, her or them, from such Person or Persons as aforesaid: Provided always, that no such Tenant or Occupier shall be liable or required to pay. for or in resped of any such Rates or Assessf-mentsor for or in. rel'ped of any such Costs, Charges and Expences, any Sum or Sums of Money beyond the Amount of the Rent which shall be then actuallyduein respedof thesaidPremifes, from him, herorthemrespectively:

Provided also, that no such Tenant or Occupier shall, by Payment of any such Rate or Rates, Assessment or AsselThients, or by renting or occupying any such House, Tenement, or Hereditament, or any Part thereof respectively, in manner aforesaid, be deemed to acquire any Settlement in the said Parish by such Payment, or by such Renting and Occupation as aforesaid, but that the Landlord or Owner shall be deemed and construed to all Intents and Purpol'es to have paid the said Rate or Rates,

Aueflment or Assessments; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwulistanding.

III. And whereas it may happen that many Persons liable to, and who Recovery of may be rated and assessed for the Relief of the Toor of the said Parish, may HeVfonsre' before the Paymentcf the Sum or Sums which may be rated on them respect moving, rivciy, quit and leave their Grounds, Dwelling-houses, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Wharfs, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and remove out of the said Parish; be it therefore further enacted, that when any Person or Persons who hath or have been so rated and assessed, shall quit cr be about to quit his or their Lands,

Grounds, Lloufes, Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, Stables, Wharfs,

Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements or Hereditaments, before he, she or they shall have paid Inch Rate or Rates, Assessment or Assessments, and shall afterwards reiule to pay the fame or any Part thereof when due and demanded by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, or their Colleitoror Collectors authorized and appointed to receive the same, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the said Churchwardens and Overseees of the Poor of the said Parish, or their Collector or Collectors as aforesaid, or any one of them (Oath being made by him or them that he or they hath or have Cause to lufped that such

10 Person

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 59.

Person or Persons is or are removing or hath or have removed his or their Goods and Chattels)by Warrant under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of any one or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex (which Warrant such Justice or Justices is or are hereby authorized and required to grant), and in case such Person or Persons shall have removed, such Warrant being first backed or countersigned by foine Mapiflrate of the County, City or Liberty to which such Person or Persons shall have removed (which Warrant such Magistrate is hereby required to back or countersign), to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing, or neglecting to pay the said Rates or Asseff-ments or any Part thereof, and to sell the same, rendering the Overplus (if any) after having deducted the reasonable Cods, Charges and Expences attending such Distress and Sale, upon Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons renting or occupying any House, Building, Tenement, Ground or other Hereditaments within the said Parish, shall become Bankrupt, or shall assign his, her or their Effects to any other Person or Persons, then and in such Case the Assignee or Assignees of the Estate and Effects of such Person or Persons, and the Goods and Chattels of such Person and Persons shall be and continue liable to the Payment of the Rates and Assessments made for thejRelief of the Poor, charged or to be charged on such House, Building, Tenement, Ground or other Hereditament, in such and the fame Way anu Manner, to all Intents, Effects, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever, as such Person so becoming Bankrupt, or assigning his, her, or their Effects, and his, her, and their Goods, Chattels, Estate or Effects would have been or continued liable in case such Person or Persons had not so become Bankrupt, or so assigned his, her or their Lffefts; and also that in case any Person shall remove out of or from, or quit the Possession of any House, Building,'Tenement, Ground or Hereditament within the said Parish, before any Rate or Assessment made or to be made for the Relief of the Poor shall be paid, or if any Person shall enter into the Occupation of any House, Building, Tenement, Ground or Hereditament out of or from which any other Person shall have so removed before Payment of any such Rate or Assessment, or which at the Time of rating or assessing the same shall be empty or unoccupied, then the Person so removing out of or from, or quitting the Possession, and the Person entering into the Occupation of any such House, Building, Tenement, Ground or Hereditament, shall be respectively liable to the Payment of every Rate or Assessment, in proportion to the Time such Person or Persons possessedor occupied the fame respectively in like Manner as if the Person or Persons so removing or quitting as aforesaid had remained in the Possession and Occupation of such House, Building, Tenement, Ground or Hereditament, or the Person or Persons so entering into the Occupation thereof had been originally rated or assessed; which Proportion (in case of Dispute) shall be ascertained by any Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middle/ek.

k

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor and Vestrymen of the said Parish, in Veftiy assembled, or the major Part of them, in case they deem it necessary, from Time to Time to appoint a Treasurer or Treafu-rers, and a Clerk or Clerks and Collector or Collector! of the Poor Rates

of

UK

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 39.

of the said Parish, and such other Officers as they may judge necessary, and shall take lueh Security as they the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen of the said Parish shall think proper from such Treasurers, C.ierk, or Collector, and (ha'll and may from d ime to Time remove such Treasurers, Clerks, Collectors and other Officers, and appoint in like Manner by Ballot others in room and dead of such of them as shall be so removed, or as shall die or discontinue, or resign his or their Office or Offices; and that the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen of the said Parish, flrall and may, out of the Monies arising and authorized to be collected by virtue of this Act, allow to all such Clerks, Collectors or other Officers, such Salaries or other Allowances as they the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen of the said Parish flrall judge necessary and proper.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall be ehofen Collector or Col'ectors by virtue of this Act, flrall refuse or neglect to collect the Rates granted for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish for the space of Twenty-one Days after the fame shall be granted, and Complaint shall be made by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being or by any one of them, and Oath made by some credible Witness before anyone of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex, of such Refusal or N eg left, such Collector or Collectors shall unless he or they shall strew full and just Caule to the Satisfaction of such Justice why such Rates are not collected, forfeit and pay to the Treasurer or Treasurers for the Time being to be appointed by virtue of this Act, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds nor less than Forty Shillings, for every such Refusal or Neglect.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Collector or Collectors to be appointed as aforesaid shall from Time to Time pay over all and every the Sums of Money to be collected or received by them respectively by virtue of this Act, when and so often as the same shall amount to Ten Pounds or upwards, to the Treasurer or Treasurers fo/ the Time being to be appointed as aforesaid; and that such Collector or Collectors shall from Time to Time when required give in a particular, true and perfect account in Writing, under his or their Hand or respective Hands, to the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen, on Oath if required (which Oath any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Middlesex is hereby empowered to administer), of all Monies which he or they shall have respectively received, coljected or levied by virtue of this Act or by reason or means of the said Office, and shall from Time to Time, when thereunto required by the said Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen of the said Parish, pay all such Monies as shall be in his, their or any of their Hands by virtue of this Act, to the said Treasurer or Treasurers to be appointed as aforesaid; and if any such Collector or Collectors as aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to make such Accounts and Payments as are required to be made by him or them respectively b, this Act, then any Two Justices of the Peace acting for the County of Middlesex shall and may upon Complaint thereof make enquiry of and concerning such Neglect or Refusal, as well by the C.onfession of the Parties themselves as by the Oath or Oaths of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; and if any

[Lee. Id Per.'} 9 B such

Colleelers required to col led Hates within a given lime.

Recti ring Collectors to account.

Penalty on Neglect or k,.uw.

74

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 39.

such Collector or Collectors shall be convicted of such Neglect or Refusal before such Justices, then the said Justices shall upon Conviction commit the Person or Persons so offending to the Common Gaol of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall have made a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid.

produceLats

VIII. And be it further enacted, That the Collector or Collectors for ot Defaulters, the Time being to be appointed by virtue of this Act, shall produce Monthly to the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen of the said Parish, a true List in Writing of the Names and Places of Abode of such Persons as shall have been rated for the Relief of the Poor of the said Farish and shall not have paid the said Rate, together with an Account of the Sum or Sums of Money which shall remain unpaid by each Person respectively; and such Lift and Account last mentioned such Collector or Collectors shall if required verify on Oath before any Justice of the Peace for the said County of Mtdd/efex, who is hereby empowered to administer the same.

Treasurer to pay tl.e Money rc.eived by him 10 the Churchwardens, &c.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Treasurer and Treasurers to be appointed under and by virtue of this Act, shall and he and they is and are hereby required from Time to Time to pay all and every such Sum and Sums of Money as he or they shall receive by virtue or in purfu.mce of this Act, unto the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen of the said Parish, or to such Person or Persons as they or any Five or more of them shall by any Writing or Writings under their Hands order or direct for the Purposes of this Act, for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, and such incidental Purposes as the Poor Rate is now by Law applicable unto.

Tnd App^ca-7 X- And be it further enacted, That the Penalties and Forfeitures im-tion of renal- posed by this Act, and the Costs and Charges of the Recovery thereof, tle8• shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods and Chattels by

Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of One or more of Flis Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Mid-die/cx, which Warrant or Warrants such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered and required to grant on the Con ft (lien of the Party or Parties, or upon the Information of one or more credible Witness or VI it-pelles upon Oath; and all Penalties and Forfeitures when so recovered shall be paid to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish, or to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Parish for the 'Lime being; and if no such Goods or Chattels of such Offender or Offenders can be found, fufBcient to answer and satisfy such Penalties and Forfeitures and the Charges of Distress and Sale, then it shall be lawful for such Justice or Justices, and he and they is and are hereby authorized and required by Warrant or Warrants under his or their Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals, to commit every such Offender or Offenders to the Common Gaol of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize for any Time not exceeding Six Weeks nor less than Seven Days, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner fully paid and f4Lfic:d. ,

Tor Recovery '

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Rates or Assessments by this of the Rates, imposed, shall and may, on Refusal to pay the fame, be recovered

in

743

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 39.

in such manner as the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor are directed to be recovered by an Act made in the Forty-third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth for the Relief of Poor, or by any subsequent Act or Act relating to the Relief of the Poor; which said several Methods of recovering the said Rates or Assessments for the Relief of the Poor, shall and they are hereby declared to be legal Methods and Ways of enforcing the Payment of the Rates or Assessments directed to be paid in pursuance of this Act as fully and effectually as if such Methods were repeated and reenacted in the body of this Act.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That when and as often as any Distress shall be made for Non-payment of any of the said Rates hereby directed to be made or authorized to be collected or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person or Persons making such Distress, to raise and levy the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and felling and disposing of the fame, over and above the Sum of Money due upon the Rate or Rates for which such Distress shall be taken.

XIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That in case any Person whosoever shall think himself or herself aggrieved by any Thing done by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for such Person to appeal to two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Middlesex and acting for the fame, who shall have Power and they are hereby authorized to hear and determine the said Complaint, and, if they fee just Cause, to order the Person so appealing to be relieved in such Manner as they shall think proper: Provided always, that in case such Person so appealing as aforesaid, or the said Churchwardens and Overseers, or the major Part of them, shall be dissatisfied with such Determination, that then it shall and may be lawful either for the Person so appealing, or for the said Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor or the major Part of them, for and on the behalf of the said Parish to appeal to the then next General or Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the County of Middlesex which shall happen next after the Expiration of Fourteen Days from the said Determination, upon Six Days Notice to be given by the Party appealing; and it shall be lawful for the said Justices assembled at such General or Quarter Sessions, or the major Part of them, to hear and finally determine the Matter of the said Complaint, and give Costs at their Discretion.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That any Inhabitant or Inhabitants of the said Parish shall and may, and he, she and they is and are hereby declared not to be an incompetent Witness or Witness'es, by reason of being such Inhabitant or Inhabitants, in any Action, Suit, Complaint, Pro-fecuiion or Proceeding to be had, conducted, made, prosecuted or carried on under the Authority of this Act or of any other Act or Acts heretofore enacted and now in force for the Relief of the Poor, in finch and the same Manner as he she or they would or might have been, if he, fire or they was or were reftdent in any other Parish or Place.

XV. And be it further enacted, That until and upless a Collector or Col-leftors shall be appointed by virtue of this Act, and during such Time as no Colic stor shall be appointed under this Act, the Rates for the Relief of the Poor shall be collected and received by the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being, in the same Manner as the Rates made for the

Expences of makingDiftrefr to be paid with the Rate*.

Person* ag-grie-ed may appeal to the Quarter Sessions.

t

Inhabitants may be Wit-ntlles.

Overseers to collect Rate* t ntil Collector appoi»ted,&c.

744

«9' GEORGII

in.

Cap.

39*

the Relief of the Poor are now by Law directe.l to be collected and received’ and that the several Laws relating to the Overfsers of tliePoor, and for the Relief and providing of the Poor, fhati continue in force within the said Parish of Saint Anne, except where the lame are altered by this present Act.

Limitation of

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be Actions. brought or commenced against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or in relation to the Pretnifes, then and in every such Case such Action shall be commenced within Six Months after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County of Middlesex, and not elsewhere j and the Defendant or Defen-General issue. dants in such Action or Actions to be brought, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if it shall appear to be so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time before limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County or Place, then and in such Case the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defen-9 dants; and if upon such Verdict, or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, or if a Verdict shall pals against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or if upon Demurrer Judgment shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or treble c its Defendants shall and may recover treble Costs, and have the like Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs of Suit in other Cafes by Law.

For piying

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges and Expencee

the E,pences of parting this Act, and all other Charges incident to the obtaining thereof the Act. oJ, ;ncurrecj jn relation thereto, shall be borne, paid and defrayed

out of the first Monies which shall arise or be collected by virtue of the same.

Fublic Act.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahaw,

Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 4809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

if*

An Act for better act’efling and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, and regulating the Poor thereof.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS great Inconvenience and Loss has arisen to the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Nicholas, Rochester, in the County of Kent, from the Laws now in force being insufficient to enable the Churchwardens and Overseers thereof to rate certain Houses and Premises to the Poor Rates, which are let out by the Landlord or Landlords thereof in Tenements: And whereas the granting proper Powers, for the better assessing and collecting the Poor Rates, and other Parochial Rates thereof, and for the better Government, Regulation, Employment and Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, will tend to the Ease of the Inhabitants thereof, and to the more effectual Relief and Assistance of such of the Poor of the said Parish, who by Age or Infirmities are or may be rendered incapable of supporting themselves by their Labour; to the better Employment of the industrious, and those who are able to. work, to the proper Correction and Punishment of the idle and disorderly, and to the better Education of the Infant Poor: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most, Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same.

[Loc. & Per.']

9C

That

746 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Nomination That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of ° uar ian,. §a-int Nicholas, for the Time being, together with John Prentice Henjlozu, Samuel Baker, William Rout, Henry Friend, Orlando John Nicholls, 7 homas Boucher Senior, Stephen Doorne, Edward Matic/ark, William Blythman Blenkinfopp, John Cotton, Francis Webb Senior, William Cooper, and John Christopher Schnebellie, Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Nicholas, and their Successors, to be elected as herein-after mentioned, are hereby nominated and appointed Guardians and Trustees of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Nicholas, and for putting this Act into Execution.

Qualifications

II. And be it further enacted, That no Person (except the Church-of Guardians, wardens and Overseers herein-before nominated, and their Successors) shall be capable of acting as a Guardian of the Poor in the Execution of this Act, unless he shall at the Time of acting be seized or possessed in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, of the Rents and Profits of Freehold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of Leasehold Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, over and above the Ground or reserved Rents payable thereout, within the said Parish, of the clear yearly Value, and assessed to the Parish Rates thereof, at the Rate of Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, or unless he shall be a Tenant or Occupier of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the said Parish, assessed to the Parish Rates, at the Rate of Fifteen Pounds per Annum or upwards, and also be possessed of a Personal Estate to the Amount or Value of Five hundred Pounds; and if any Person (except as aforesaid) not being qualified as aforesaid, shall presume to act in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds to any Person or Persons, who shall sue for the same, to-be recovered in any of His Ma-jessy’s Courts of Record by Action of Debt, or by Bill, Suit, or Infor-iriation, wherein no Essoign, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Person so prosecuted, upon the Trial thereof, shall prove that he is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the Penalty, upon Proof being given of his having acted as a Guardian in the Execution of this Act.

E-le&in new HI. And be it further enacted, That the Guardians hereby appointed. Guardians^ and the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Nicholas, and such of the Parishioners of the said Parish who shall be rated at Ten Pounds towards the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Nicholas, are hereby authorised and required to meet at the Church of the said Parish of Saint Nicholas, on Monday in Easter Week which will be in the Year of our Lord One thousand eight hundred and ten, on the Day appointed for the Purpose of nominating Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor; who, immediately after the Churchwardens and Overseers are nominated, shall proceed to draw Lots for Six Guardians, out of such of the Guar-dians who shall not be disqualified from becoming Guardians for the Yearen-suing, or shall not be Guardians in Right of their Office, to go out of their Office; and such Guardians who shall be so drawn,shall then cease to be Guardians accordingly; and the said Parishioners then present, shall immediately pro- eed to elect as many Persons, Inhabitants of the said Parish, as there shall be Vacancies for Guardians, to be Guardians in the Room of those who shall have previously ceased to be Guardians, or shall then go out of Office; and that the Guardians who shall then remain, shall be called the senior Guardians, and the Guardians who shall be so elected or re-elected shall be

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 40. 7*7

be joined with the said senior Guardians, and shall have the fame Power and Authority with them, to act: in the Execution of this Act; and that such senior Guardians shall continue in Office until the Monday in Eajkr Week following, when the said senior Guardians shall go out of Office, and the Guardians chosen at such Meeting shall become senior Guardians for the Year enduing; and the Parishioners herein-before mentioned shall, on Monday in Easter Week, in the Year One thousand eight hundred and eleven, at the Day appointed for nominating Churchwardens and Over-feeTS, in like Manner proceed to elect such a Number of Persons duly qualified to be Guardians, as shall be requisite to fill up the Vacancies of those going out of Office, and of those who shall become disqualified, by refusing to act or otherwise, or to re-elect the fame Guardians continuing Inhabitants thereof; and so on from thenceforth on every Eijkr Monday the said Guardians continuing in Office shall become senior Guardians for the Year ensuing, and that in Eaf.er Week in every Year successively, on the Day on which the Churchwardens and Overfi-ers are appointed for the said Parish, the like Election shall take place to supply the Vacancies of those Guardians going out or disqualified, and that the Guardians so chosen, shall be joined with the said senior Guardians, and shall have the fame Power and Authority with them, to act in the Execution of this Act.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death of any Guar- Manner of dian, or if any Guardian shall cease to he an Inhabitant of the said Parish, fleeting

or shall refuse to act in the due Execution of this Act, the remaining cafc of Va-'" Guardians shall, at their next, or any future Meeting, to be held in pur- c.mcy or fuance of this Act, order such Vacancy to be filled up, and shall within otherw'f;‘ Five Days after such Order is made, cause Notice in Writing of the Day and Hour of the Election of a new Guardian, for filling up such Vacancy, to be affixed upon the Church Door of the said Parish Ten Days at leaf! previous to the said Day of Election; and that upon the said Day of Election, such of the Parishioners of the said Parish or Place lo qualified to vote for Guardians as aforesaid, are hereby authorized and required, pursuant to such Notice, to proceed to such Election as aforesaid; and in case the Parishioners of the said Parish shall not yearly in Easter Week, or upon any Vacancy happening in the Office of any Guardian as aforesaid, deft new Guardians in the room or Head of those going out, dying, ceasing to be an Inhabitant, or refusing to act as aforesaid, after such Notice as aforesaid, then the remaining Guardians shall, at their next Meeting, cleft and choose as many Guardians, being Inhabitants qualified as aforesaid, to fill such Vacancies; and each and every of such Guardians so elected, shall have full Power and Authority to act in the Execution of this Act, and be subject to be displaced in the same Manner as if each of them had been chosen in the preceding Easter Week.

V. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Messuages or Te- All Eft.ites nements, Poor-Eloufes, Workhouses, Edifices, Buildings, Lands, Eleredi- p0dw^!sc^,sj taments, Monies, Rates, Affdfments, and Arrears of Rates and Assessments, Authorities Goods, Chattels, and Effects, Powers and Authorities, which from and "^Church immediately before the passing of this Act, the Churchwardens and Over-

wardens and

f.ers of the said Parish, or any other Person or Persons whomsoever, were possessed of or entitled unto, or in Trust for the Parishioners thereof, for s and towards the Relief, Maintenance, Ufc, and Benefit, or Regulation of diaut. the Poor of the said Parish, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be veiled in and possessed by the said Guardians by virtue of'

9 this

748

Meeting? of Guardians*

Meetings on Exigencies*

Chairman to have the catting Vote-

Otnrd'ans to appoint Officers,

who are tq give Security.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as they the said Churchwardens and Overseers, or other Person or Persons, at or immediately before the passing of this Act were entitled to or possessed of.

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Guardians to be chosen in pursuance of this Act, shall meet in the Veltry Room, or at the Committee Room, in the Poor House of the said Parish, on the Second Monday next after the Day on which this Act shall have received the Royal AiTent, between the Hours of Ten and Twelve of the Clock in the Forenoon, and shall then and there proceed in the due Execution of this Act; and shall and may after that Time meet by Adjournment, at the fame or any other Place within the said Parish, as shall be agreed on by the Guardians present at any Meeting, and adjourn to another Day; or if the Guardians present shall omit or neglect to adjourn themselves, then the Clerk to the Guardians for the Time being shall adjourn the Meeting to that Day fe-vennight, and to the same Place at which such last Meeting was held, or appointed to have been held, causing Notice of such Adjournment to be given in Manner herein-before appointed for Notice of Meetings for the Election of new Guardians; and all such Guardians as are or shall be Justices of the Peace, may act as Justices in the Execution of this Act, except in Cafes where they shall be personally interested, notwithstanding their being Guardians.

VII. Provided always, and it is further enacted, That if it shall at any Time appear to the said Guardians, or any Five or more of them, proper and expedient that a Meeting of the Guardians should be held at an earlier Time than the respective Meeting shall then (land adjourned to, it (half be lawful for the said Guardians or any Five of them, to summon a Meeting of the Guardians to be held within the said Parish, on giving Three Days Notice thereof, in Manner herein-before directed for Notices of other Meetings; and all such Meetings shall be deemed good and valid, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; and that the Guardians present at any Meeting shall, before they proceed to any other Business, eject one of the Guardians then present, to be Chairman of such Meeting; and if at any Meeting any Ouction shall be put to the Vote, and there shall be an Equality of Votes, then, and in every such Case, the Chairman shall have the caffing Vote, although he may have voted before at such Meeting.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Guardians, or any Seven or more of them, by Writing under their Hands from Time to Time to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons aS they shall think proper, to be Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, to the said Guadians, and Collector or Collectors of the Rates authorised by this Act to be raised; such Treasurer or Treasurers, Clerk or Clerks, and Collector or Collectors, to be resident in and rated to the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish at Ten Pounds and upwards; and also a Matter or Mailers, Mistress or Mistreflfes of the Poor House or Work*.' house, or other Officers, to transact the Business, Matters or Things, ill or about the Execution of this Act; and the said Guardians are hereby authorised and required to takp Security for the faithful Execution of such of the respective Offices of Trull appointed under this Act, as the said Guardians, or any Seven or more of them, shall think, fit; and out of

, kj tli*

749

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

the Money raised by this Act, to pay or allow unto the respective Officers, or other Person or Persons so to be appointed under this Act, such Sa-laries or Recompence, yearly or otherwise, for his or their Trouble, as to them the said Guardians, or any Seven or more of them, shall seem meet and reasonable, so as the Salary to the Clerk doth not exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, the Mailer and Mistrel's of the Poor House the Sum of Thirty Pounds, and the Collector the Sum of Fifteen Pound , in anyone Year; without the Consent of a Majority of the Inhabitants assemblei at a Vellry to be called for the Purpose of fixing or altering any such Salaries, or either of them.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and Guardit#« to for the said Guardians, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to "n^Regiiiu Time to make such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as well for the tion*. better regulating their own Proceedings, as for the better maintaining, governing, employing, managing, and regulating the Poor of the said Parish, and also for applying the Monies that shall from Time to Time arise by virtue of this Act, as to them shall seem proper and expedient, so that no such Rule, Order, or Regulation, be inconfillent with or repugnant to the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland called England, or repugnant to or inconfillent with the Provisions in this Act contained, and which Rules, Orders, and Regulations, the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, and all other Person or Persons whomsoever, to whom the said Rules, Orders, and Regulations, shall or may relate, is and are hereby required from Time to Time, to conform themselves to, subjetl to such reasonable Fines, Penalties and Forfeiture* respectively, not exceeding Five Pounds, for Non-conformity thereto, to be recovered in like Manner as other Fines, Penalties, or Forfeitures are herein directed to be recovered; and all such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, shall be printed and subject to Appeal in Manner herein directed.

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians shall, and they Guardimi to are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to order and di-

rest the Treasurer or Treasurers, from Time to Time, to pay all such Sum p/y th^Mo* or Sums of Money as shall be by him or them received for or on Account ney a* they of the Poor’s Rates, or on Account of the Poor of the said Parish, appli- 111111 dlr,:ct-■ cable to the Relief thereof, to such Person or Persons, and in such Manner as the said Guardians shall think necessary and expedient for the Purposes of this Act; and the said Treasurer or Treasurers is and are hereby authorised and required to pay the fame, from Time to Time accordingly, which said Sum or Sums so paid, shall be allowed him or them in his or their Accounts respectively.

XI. And be it further enacted, That the Rates or Assessments directed Rittstobe to be made by this Act shall be collected, levied, and recovered, by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor of the same Parish, for the vJrden^nd Time being, in Manner as heretofore, until such Time as a Collector or <'«rf«r»un-Collectors shall be chosen, in Manner and Form aforesaid, or during such j appofnted. Time as there shall be no Collector or Collectors of the said Parish.

XII. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians, or any Five or Guardian! t» more of them, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required, from make Rate*.

[iec. & Per.] 9 D Time

75° 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Time to Time, and at all Times from and after the patting of this Act, as often as Occasion shall require, to make such Rates or Assessments for raising such Sum or Sums of Money for and towards the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor of the said Parish, as they the said Guardians, or the major Part of them as aforesaid, shall judge or determine to be necessary, so that such Rate or Rates, Assessment or AfTcflfments, shall be allowed by Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in and for the said City of Rochester.

For borrow-

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, to MortI>a"erof'1 an[l for the said Guardians, or any Seven or more of them, from Time to the Kate*; Time to borrow and take up at Interest for the Purposes of this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Three thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of the Poor Rates and Assessments to be made within the said Parish, and by Writing signed under the Hands and Seals of any Seven or more of them, the said Guardians may mortgage and assign the said Poor Rates and Afieffmenrs to the Person advancing or lending the fame, or his or their Trustee <5r Trustees, as a Security for the Re-payment of the principal Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed, with Interest for the fame; and every such Assignment may be in the Form mentioned in the Schedule herento annexed, or in any other Words, to the fame ElFeft; and every such Assignment shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law.

or by grant-

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Guardians, or any for Lives!'"1'5 Seven or more of them, think it adviseable to raise all or any Part of the Three thousand Pounds for the Purposes aforesaid, by the granting of Annuities for the Life or Lives of any Person or Persons who shall advance and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Guardians, any Sum or Sums of Money for the absolute Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities, to be payable and paid during the natural Life of any Person so advancing and paying as aforesaid, or the natural Life of any such Person as shall be nominated by and on Behalf of such Person so advancing the fame, it shall and maybe lawful for such Guardians to grant such Annuity or Annuities in the Form mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or any other Words to the fame Effect; and every such Grant shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law; and every Annuity so to be granted as aforesaid, shall be and is hereby charged upon, and shall be payable out of the Rates and Assessments herein-before mentioned, and shall be made payable, and be paid Quarterly during the natural Lives of such Persons respectively, or the natural Life or Lives of such other Person or Persons as shall be nominated by such respective Person as aforesaid, and a proportional Part of such Annuity shall be paid from the last Quarter Day of Payment, to the Day of the Death of the Annuitant, or his or her Cefiui que Vie.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Persons fc-iTcd.' enti led to any Securities for the Money borrowed or raised by Mortgage, or Annuities granted as aforesaid, and their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, at any Time, by Writing under their Hands, to transfer such Securities to any Person' or Persons whomsoever, which Transfer may be made by Indorsement on such Security, in the Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses, in the Form mentioned in the Sche-•10 duic

75i

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

dule hereunto annexed, or in any other Words to the fame Effect; and "all Copies of all Alignments or Mortgages, or Grants of Annuities, which shall be made in pursuance of this Act, and of all Transfers thereof, shall be entered in a Book or Books to be kept by the Clerk or Clerks to the said Guardians, to which Book or Books any Persons interested shall at all reasonable Times have access, and shall have free Liberty to inspect the fame without Fee or Reward; and for the Entry of every such Assignment. Mortgage, Grant and Transfer, the said Clerk shall be paid the Sum of Ten Shillings and no more; and after such Entry made of any such Af-signments Mortgage, Grant, and Transfer, every such Assignment, Mortgage, •Grant and Transfer shall, until the said Person or Persons to whom the same shall be made, and his, her, or their respective Executors, Adminif-■trators and Assigns, entitled to the Benefit of the Security thereby transferred, and all and every Person or Persons to whom such Assignments, Mortgages, Grants and Transfers shall be made, be in Proportion to the Sum or Sums therein mentioned, Creditors on the said Buildings, Lands, Hereditaments and Premises, and upon the said Rates, equally one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing such Money.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Person or Persons to be appointed in Manner aforesaid Collector or Collectors of the said Rates or Assessments, is and are hereby authorised and empowered to collect and levy the same accordingly, and for the better enabling him or them so to do, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector and Collectors, to execute all such Warrants of Did refs as shall be granted from Time to Time by any Justice or Justices of the Peace, against any Person or Persons neglecting or (efufing to pay the said Rate or AlTelftnent, in the same Manner, and as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as Overseers of the Poor by any Law or Laws now in being can or may execute the fame; and the said Collector or Collectors shall, and he and they is and are hereby required to make up and render to the said Guardians, at Tome public Meeting to be held in pursuance of this Act, as often as thereunto required by the said Guardians, a full, true, and perfect Account in Writing of all Monies collected or received by him or them, by virtue of this Act; and of all Monies rated and assessed, and not received, and to verify the fame on Oath (which Oath the said Guardians, or any Two of them, are hereby authorised to administer), and to pay over the Money so by him or them collected and received, and remaining in his or their Hand or Hands, to the Treasurer or Treasurers, or such Person or Persons as the said Guardians, or any Five or more of them shall, by Writing under their Hands, appoint to receive the same, to be applied to the Purpose of this Act; and if the said Collector or Collectors, or any or either of them, shall refuse or neglect to give a just Account as aforesaid, or to pay the Monies remaining in his or their Hands in Manner aforesaid, they shall be liable to such Penalties as the Overseers of the Poor in like Cafes are subject and liable to.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Rates, Assessments, Penalties, or Forfeitures, to become due and payable by virtue of this Act, shall and may be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Defaulter or Defaulters, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City of Rochejkr, which Warrant such Justices are hereby empowered and required

Impowering Collectors to collect Rates

Rales to be ' enforced 6y Distress, and if no Diitrefj be found, Defaulteri to b: committed.

75*

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

quired to grant; and in case sufficient Distress shall not be found, it shall and may be lawful for such Justices, and they are hereby authorised and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to cause such Defaulter or Defaulters to be committed to the Common or other Gaol, or House of Correction of the said City, there to remain without Bail or Mainprise, for any Time not exceeding One Calendar Month, unless such Monies, and all reasonable Charges shall be sooner fully paid and satisfied; and when and as often as any Distress shall, by the Authority of this Act be made for Non-payment of any of the said Rates hereby directed to be made, or any Part thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Persons making such Distress, to raise and levy the reasonable Charges of making and keeping the same.

Guardbnsto

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians shall and fn'he N'm<ed may ^ue anc* be ^uec* 'n Name of their Treasurer for the Time being, of their Tiea- and that no Action or Suit to be brought or commenced by or against furtr. the said Guardians, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of such Treasurer, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal, or by the Act of such Treasurer, without the Consent of the said Guardians; but the Treasurer for the Time being shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant; and every such Treasurer, in whose Name the Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to be received by the Guardians by virtue of this Act, all such Costs, Charges, Damages, and Expences, as ne shall be put unto, or become chargeable with, by Reason of his being so made Plaintiff’ or Defendant: Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Guardians to bring or cause to be brought in the Name of the Treasurer as aforesaid, any Action or Actions of Debt, or special Action on the Cafe, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for all or any of the Penalties or Forfeitures which shall be incurred under this Act, and for all or any of the Fines set or imposed by virtue of or in pursuance of this Act, or any Part thereof; in which Action or Actions it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to declare that the Defendant is indebted to the Plaintiff in such Sum as the Plaintiff shall suppose to be then due or forfeited, for so much Money before then owing from or by the Defendant to the Plaintiff, by An Ai1 pa [fed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for the better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Saint Nicholas in the City of Rochester in the County of Kent, and regulating the Poor thereof: And if the Plaintiff recovers in any such Actions, he shall have full Costs, to be levied and recovered as other Monies upon Judgement are now by Law levied and recovered, in which Action or Actions no Essoign, Protection, or Wager at Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

hoiTpou* l°

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians shall yearly. Meetings' and every Year, hold Four or more Meetings for inspecting the Accounts yearly, for in- of the said Treasurer, and of the Mailer or Mistress of the said Work-Aeco'unts. house, or other Officer or Officers to be chosen and appointed under this Act, upon such Days as the Guardians shall order or appoint, at which Meetings the said Treasurer shall produce an Account of all Sums of Money by him received, and also the Receipts and Vouchers of the said Master or Mistress, or other Officer or Officers, for all Money paid to him or her; and the (did Master or Mistress shall also produce and lay before

every

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 40. 753

every such Meeting, an Account of ail Sums of Money by him or her received, and also an Account how he or she has paid, laid out, and expended the fame, in as full, clear, and distinct: a Manner, as can or may be; and shall also deliver in a true and distinct Account of the Number of Persons in the said Workhouse, distinguishing the Age and Sex, and how they are employed, and how much Money has been earned by their Labour in the preceding Quarter; and such Account shall be left at the said Poor House, or Workhouse, and shall be open at all fealonable Times for the Inspection and Perusal of all and every the Person and Persons paying to the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish •, and such Treasurer, Master, or Mistress, or other Officer or Officers, shall also verify '

upon Oath the Truth of such Accounts, winch Oath the said Guardians, or any Two of them, are hereby empowered to administer.

i XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, to Guardian* and for the said Guardians, or any Three or more of them, to take, ac- m?Y a??ee cept, and receive Security from any Person or Persons to indemnify such knuomdem' Person or Persons against any Claim or Demand to be made by the said fyiHmfrom Parish for the Maintenance of any Bastard Child or Children, born or nwiettof?" likely to be born a Bastard or Bastards, and thereupon absolutely to Biitudchild, acquit and discharge him, her, or them, from any Claim or Demand by the said Parish, on Account thereof, by Writing undtr their Hands.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Guardians Guardians to grant Certificates under their Hands to any Person whose c^nrcaa-s legal Settlement shall be in the said Parish, and who shall be willing to to Persons remove, or who shall have removed out of the said Parish, which relpec- legally settled, live Certificates, attested by Two of the Guardians, and ligned by Two

of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace, as Certificates are now by Law directed to be signed, shall be good and valid, to all Intents and Purposes.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians may, and Guardians they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands, to bind and a^7n* put forth any poor Children of the Age of Fourteen Years, Apprentices Children to any reputable Person or Persons, or to be employed in the Sea'Service,

for any Term not exceeding Seven Years, or until such Child, being a Male, shall attain the Age of Twenty-one Years, or being a Female, shall attain the Age of Eighteen Years, or Day of Marriage, and chat every futh Writing shall be mutually binding according to the Laws concerning the apprenticing poor Children.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That any Inhabitant or Parishioner PariiTiioner or

of the said Parish of Saint Nicholas, or any Person acting in the Exe- f0wit

cution of this Act, or any Person maintained within the said Workhouse1, nitres." '* shall not in any Action to be brought for the Recovery of any Penalty

or Forfeiture imp Ted by t ns Ad, or upon Examinations and Appeal,

Orders of Removal, Orders of Bastardy, and Offences for which Forfeitures or Penal ies are or may beftmpokd by virtue of this Act, be deemed to be incompetent to give Evidence on Account of their being such inhabitant, or Persons before mentioned; any Law, Statute, Custorr,

Rule, or Usage to the contrary, notw thstanding.

\Loc. & Per.') 9 E

754

Paupers in the Work-house mifbe-Jiaving may be punished by the Guardians,

Justices may draw Con-•viclions according to the Form in the Schedule.

Paupers to be removed by any Person appointed by the Guardians,

Pf Defaulters to the Rate remove, Justices may grant a Warrant of Dif-trcfs.

49° GEORGII III. Ckf. 4Q.

XXIV. And be it enacted, Thar if any poor Person maintained'in the Workhouse of the said Parish shall embezzle or purloin any Part of the Apparel provided for or belonging to the said Workhouse, or any Materials for Work, or make Waite of any of the Provisions, Materials or Things provided in or for the said Workhouse,1 or refuse or neglect to perform the Work or Service, which he or she shall be required to do, or shall otherwise misconduct hitr.self or herlelf, it shall be lawful for the said Guardians, or any Three or more of them, to cause such Person or Persons lo offending, to be punished in such Workhouse, asTuch Guardians, or any Three or more of them, shall direct.

XXV. And for the more easy and speedy Conviction of Offenders against this Act, be it enacted, That all and every the Justices of the Peace before whom any Person or Persons shall be convicted of any Offence against this Act, shall and may cause the Conviction co be drawn up, in the Form mentioned in the Schedule hereunto annexed, or in any other Words to the fame Effect.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That whenever any poor Person or Persons, or any Vagrant or Vagrants shall be ordered to be removed from the said Parish of Saint Nicholas, to the Parish or Place of h>s, h ;r, or their legal Settlement, it shall be lawful for the said Guardians, if they think fit, to cause such poor Person or Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, to be respectively removed in the usual Manner of removing Paupers or Vagrams, by some Person or Persons to be appointed by the said Guardians for that Purpose, by Writing under their Hands and Seals; and every Overseer of the Poor, or other proper Officer of the Parish or Place to which I'uch poor Person orpobr Person*, Vagrant or Vagrants, shall be ordered to be removed as aforesaid, is hereby required to receive every such poor Person or poor Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, in like Manner as he and they would have been, if such poor Person or poor Persons, Vagrant or Vagrants, had been delivered to him, her, or them, by One of the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Nicholas; any Law, Custom, or Usageto the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And whereas it may happen that many Persons liable ro, and who may be rated and assessed for the Relief of the Poor of the said Parish, may before the Payment of the Sdm which may be rated on them rsf| eftivdy, quit and leave the Grounds, Dwelling Houses, Shops, Ware-houses, Coach H <uses. Stables, Cellars, Vaults, Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and remove out of the Limits of the said Parish, and ther by endeavour to avoid the Payment of the said Rates and Assessments; be it theref’ere enacted, That when any Person or Persons, who hath or have been so rated and assessed, shall quit his or their Land, Ground, House, Shop, Warihouse, Coach House, Stable, Cellar, Vault, Building, Ten merit, or Hereditament, before he, she, or they shall have paid the laiil Rite or Assessment, anu (hill after-1 arils retufe to pay the lame, when due and demanded by the Overseer, or Overseers, Collector or Collrfturs, authorifcJ and appointed to receive the same, that then and in eery such Case, it shall and may he lawful, to and for the said Overseer or Overseers, Collector or C lirCUvs, or One of them, by Watrant according to the Form and Effect in he Schedule hcteuuto annexed, under the Hands and

9 Seals

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Seals of Two cf His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Paid City of Rochjier, which Warranc the said Justices are hereby authorised- and required to grant, and Inch Warrant being first backed or countersigned by some Magistrate of the County, City or Liberty, where the Distress is to be made, which Warrant such Magistrare is hereby required to back or coun-terfign, to distrain the Goods and Chattels of such Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting, and to sell the same, rendering the Overplus (if any be) after having deducted the reasonable Charges and Expences of such Distress and Sale, to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels respe&ivtly, upon Demand thereof made.

XXVIII. And whereas divers Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments within the said Parish, are let out at Rents payable weekly, or at other short Periods, or in separate Apartments, by which means the Payment of the Parochial Taxes for such Houses, Tenements, and Hereditaments, may be evaded; for Remedy whereof be it enacted, That where any House, Tenement, or Hereditament, or any Part thereof, shall be let at Rents payable weekly, or at any shorter Period than quarterly, or in separate Apartments, the Landlord or Landlords, Owner or Owners thereof shall be deemed and taken to be the Occupier or Occupiers of, and shall be rated to and pay the Rates or Assessments, in respect of such House, Tenement, and Hereditament, for the Relief and Maintenance of the Poor, and all other the Parochial Rates of the said Parish: Provided always, That the Goods and Chattels of any Person or Persons, renting or occupying any such last-mentioned House, Tenement, or Hereditament, or any Part or Parts thereof, shall be liable to be distrained and fold for Payment of so much of the said Rates or Assessments only as shall become due during the Occupancy of such Person or Persons, and so that the same shall not exceed the Amount of the Rent then actually due from such Occupier or Occupiers respectively; and every such Occupier or Occupiers who shall pay such Rates or Assessments, or upon whom the same shall be levied, shall and may, from Time to Time, deduct the fame from the Rene due and payable by him, her, or them, to the respective Landlord or Owner, unless there shall be some Agreement to the contrary between the Landlord and Tenant, and the Receipt for such Payment shall be a sufficient Discharge to such Tenant or Occupier, and to his, her, or their Landlord, for so much Money as he, she, or they shall pay in the Manner directed by this Act; but that no such Tenant or Occupier of any separate Apartment of any House or Houses, shall by the Payment of such Rate or Assessment in Manner aforesaid be deemed to acquire any Settlement in the said Parish by such Payment, but that the Landlord or Owner shall be deemed and construed, to all Intents and Purposes, to have paid the lame, any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding,

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians, or any Sevei. or more of them, shall have full Power and Authority, and they are herrby authorized to contract and agree with the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, and all other Persons inierefled in any Lands or Grounds not exceeding Two Acres, or any Tenement or Hereditaments, or any nr either of them, or lo much thereof as the said Guardians, or any Seven or more of them shall think neerssary; anci to purchase the fame, and all Buildings thereon, in the Name of the Guardians of the Poor of the said Parish, who are hereby enabled to accept and take a

Conveyance

7 5$

Directing certain Rates to be made upon Landlords, and the Goods of Occupiers liable to Payment, who may deduct the Money paid out of their Kents.

Guardians may purchase Land, etc. for the Pur-, pofsa of this Act.

75& 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

Conveyance thereof, to them and their Successors for ever; and upon Payment of such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be agreed on for the Purchase or Purchase.', to take Pufieflion thereof, and to cause ail Buildings thereon, or of lo much thereof as they shall think proper, to be pulled down and disposed of, and to make new Erections, additional Buildings, and such Alterations therein as the said Guardians, or any Seven or more of them, shall think necessary; and to convert the fame into One or more House or Houses, with fuicable Offices, Outbuildings, Gardens, and Fences, for the better Reception, Employment and Maitenance of the Pour of the said Parish; and from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to alter, enlarge, and repair the Poor House or Workhouse of the said Parish; and also from Time to Time to purchase and provide suitable and necessary Furniture for the fame-, and the Consideration Money for the Purchase of such Lands, Grounds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and the Expence of erecting, altering, building, or repairing any Buildings in addition to or for the Purpose of a Poor House or Workhouse as aforesaid, and furnishing the fame, and all other Expences to be incurred by the said Guardians for the Time being, or by their Order or Di-redion, in or about the Execution of this Act, shall from Time to Time be paid and defrayed by the said Guardians, out of the Monies to be raised, levied, and received by them from Time to Time in Manner herein di-reded.

Application

XXX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed ComVnfation OT awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur-

Money chafed, taken or used by virtue of the Powers of this Act for the Pur-

amoimtsto p0fes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any other Disabihty or Inca-

pacity, such Money shall, in case the iame shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two Hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Coure of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Guardians for executing this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, and Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to. for, or upon futh and the like Uses, Trulls, Interns, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments which shall he so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such ol them as at the Time of making such Conveyances and Settlements shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the meanTime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall by Order of the said Court of Chan-

ccty

757

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

eery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name, in the Purch-ife of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Product of the said ConLlidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by the Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Mo- Application ney so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or He- 7ion7 'is'i-fs reditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and be- than Vool. * longing to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability and moj'e or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred t"Jn 13" Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds,

then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or uftd, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be ugmfied in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privi y of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise, the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Guardiars for executing this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being requ red to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XXXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money Application, so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be ap- 1

plied to the Ute of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rencs and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or uled for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Guardians or any Three or nime of them shall think fit; in case of Infancy or Lunacy, '-hen to his, her, 'or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the life and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to °om0t whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of Titles2 °U any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of

this Act, for the Purposes thereof", shall rcfule to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premirts to the Satisfaction of the said Guardians •, or in case the Person or Persons to whom any such Sum [Lee. & Per.] 9 E or-

75&

iF Persons cannot he found, Purchase Money to he paid into the Bank,

Jte'pe fling ciife lit <1

Titus.

Court ot Chancery to direct the Payment of Eapcnces.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Guardians, or any Three or more of them, to order the Sum and Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said L.ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [describing themJ, subject to the Order, Controul, and Dispofuion of the said Cou't of Chancery •, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum and Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as ro the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to belaid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Elfates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premise* as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable j and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Uie the farre is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touch ng the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and wish the Privity of the Accountant. General of the Court of Chancery, in pmfuance of this Act, for the Furpo'es thereof, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Effate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Ple editaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends on Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in p. ffeflion of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, ar the T.me of such Puicfafe, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or P.-rfons, shall be deeme-J and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Posseflion, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased wiih such Money, and also the Cap tal of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless ic shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful one, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to fume Estate or Interest therein.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by Rcalon of any Dilabihty or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be pur-ebafed under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Puichale of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to.

be

759

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 40.

be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Guardians, or any Three or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pa y (uc Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Guardians shall cause Alt Contract* all Contracts made in pursuance of this Act, and all Receipts, Payments, r^‘

Debts and Credits, and every Matter and Thing relating thereto, to be cecdingsen- " fairly written and entered in a Book or Books to be kept for thar Purpose, tered-and all and every such Book or Books, and also the Book and Books herein-before dirrfted to be kept for entering the other Acts and Proceedings of the said Guardians, shall from Time to Time, and at all convenient Times, be open to the Infprftion and Perufat of all and every the Person or Persons who shall pay the Poors’ Rates in the said Parish.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall knowingly buy, receive into pawn, or secrete any of the Cloaths or ing c’r recm-wearing Aj parel of the Poor, who at any Time shall be received into nig Cloaths, and maintained in the said Poor House or Workhouse, or any of thsGoods iror°fthe or Materials carried into the fame, to be wrought up, manufactured or used by the Poor therein, or any of the Goods or Furniture thereof, or shall buy or receive any of the Provisions allotted or provided for the Poor of the said Poor House or Workhouse, every Person so offend ng ft.all forfeit for every such Offence any S im not exceeding Five Pound', on Conviction, upon the Oath of one or more credible VVicness or Witnesses, before one or more of the Justice or Justices of ti e Peace for the said City, which Penalty, when | aid or recove ed, fla .11 go, one Moiety to the Informer or Inlormers, and the other Moiety to the Did Guardians, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That if any Person or Allowing an Persons shall think himself, herself, or themselves, aggrieved by any such Appca1'

Rate or Rates, Assessment or AlVeffment, or by Rcalon of any Order,

Judgement, or Determination of such Guardians,or of any Justice or Justices of the Peace acting in Execution of this Act, or by any Rule, Otuer, or Regulation made in pursuance thereof, or determined by any Matter or Thing done in pursuance thtreof, then and in every such Case he, she, or they, may appeal to the next General or Quarter Srflions of the Peace to be holden for the said City, which shall happen next after the Expiration of Fourteen Days after the Caule of Complaint shall have arilcn, such Appellant or Appellants first giving or causing to be given Ten Days Notice, at Icaftj of such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, to the Party or Parties appealed against, and within Two Days next after such Noiice entetinginto a-Recognizance in the Sum of Twenty Pounds before fomc Justice of the Peace for the said County, conditioned for prol'ecuting fuc.j Appeal* and to abide the Order thereon, and to pay such Lotts as shall be awjtck-d by the Justices at such General or Quarter Sessions-; and the fain Justices afa fern died at such General or Quarter Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given, and of entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and determine the Matter of such Appeal in a fumtnary Way, ana award

i fuca.

760

On Appeal the Jullicei may amend Rates without qualhing the \v hole.

Justices to pri ceed upon the Complaint of One Guardian, the same as it it wai One Churchwarden or Overseer.

No Order or Proceedings *o be ([Uiithed for Want of form.

For paying the Expences of this Act.

Limitation of Actions.

49« GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

such Costs to the Parry appealing or appealed against, as the said Justices shall think proper, and also to order and award such Satisfaction to be made to the Party injurid as they shall think reasonable.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That on Appeal from the Rates to be made for the Purposes of this Act, the Justices shall and may amend the fame, in such Manner as may be necessary for giving Relief, without qtiashing the Whole of such Rates, but if upon Appeal from the whole Rate, it shall be found necessary to let aside the fame, then the Justices shall and may order a new Rate to be made.

XL. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where One Or more Justice or Justices of the Peace is or are empowered by the Laws in force to proceed on the Complaint of any Churchwarden or Overseer of the Poor of any Parish, it shall and may be lawful for any Justice jot Juf-ticcs of the Peace, and he and they is and are hereby required to proceed on the Complaint of any One ot more of the Lid Guardians, or of such Person or Persons as shall have been duly appointed, by Writing under the Hand of the said Guardians for that Purpose, in such and the like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Complaint had been made by One of the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That no Order made touching or concerning any of the Matters aforesaid, or any other Proceeding to be had touching the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against thi* Ad, shall te quashed or vacated for Wane of Form only, or be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Proctfs whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster or elsewhere; and that where any Distrcfs shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, such Distress shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Tielpasser or Trespassers on Account of any Defect or Want of Form, or any ether Irregulaiity in the Summons, Conviction, Order, Warrant, or other Proceeding relating thereto; nor shall the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, for or on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Panics dillraimng, but the Person or Persons aggtieved by such Irregularity shall and m-<y recover Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That all Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to or attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and of carrying the lame into Execution, and incident thereto, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed out of the Monies which shall come into the Hands of the said Guardians, or the Treasurer, by virtue of this Act.

XLIII. And be it farther enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, or any of the Powers hereby given, or in anywise relating thereto, until Twenty-one Days Notice shall have been thereof given in Writing, to the Treasurer to the said Guardians, nor after Satisfaction or Tender of luffident Amends shall have been made

and

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

761

and evtry such Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought within Three Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall hive arisen, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the County of Kent and nrn_effewhrreT‘snd~rtre Defendant and Defendants in such Action and Suits shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act, General Issue. and the special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon; and if it shall, appear to be done in pursuance of this Act, or that tuch Action or Suit shall be brought in any other County or Place than as aforesaid, then the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants, and upon such Verdict, if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or shall discontinue his, her, or their Action or Actions, Suit or Suits, after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall and may recover Treble Costs, and have and Treble Costs, be entitled to the like Remedy for the fame, as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for Costs in any other Cafe by Law.

[Public Act.]

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justicts, and others, without being specially pleaded.

\Loe. & Per.']

9 G

The

762

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

l ... . f:

The SCHEDULES referred to by this Act.

No. 1.

WARRANT of Distress for Non-payment of Rates.

City of Rochester 1 To the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor in the County of > 0p par|fh of Saint Nicholas, in the City of ent, to wit. Rochester in the County of Kent, and to ail Constables, Borffiolders, and other Peace Officers for the fame City.

WHEREAS the undermentioned Persons, now or late Inhabitants, Holders, Landlords, Tenants, Occupiers, or Enjoyers of Lands, Houses, Shops, Warehouses, Ccach Houses, Scabies, Cellars, Vaults, or other Buildings, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or Part of some Building or Tenement within the said Parish of Saint Nicholas, were and are truly rated and assessed, or liable to pay the Rate and Rates duly made for the Purpose of an Act made in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for better afieffing and collecting the Poor and other Rates, in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, and regulating the Poor thereof: And whereas the said Persons have refused or neglected to pay the several Sums or Money, at and against their Names hereunto respectively set down, for Money due from them, for or towards the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; and the said several Sum and Sums of Money are still remaining due, in arrear and unpaid, as appeareth upon Oath to us, Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City, and the said several Persons Having been, summoned to appear before us, to answer the Premises, as also appeareth to us, the said Justices, upon Oath, and they or either of them not having shewn any sufficient Cause: Thele are therefore in His Majesty's Name, to will and require you or either of you, forthwith to levy the said several Sums of Money due from the said Persons, and "hereunder joined to, or set against their Names respectively, by Distress and Sale of their respective Goods and Chattels (such Goods and Chanels being kept by the Space of Five Days before the same are fold), rendering to them respectively, the Overplus (if any be), the reasonable Charges of such Distress, Sale, and Keeping, being first deducted; and it no sufficient Distress can be had or taken, that then you certify the same to us, to the End such further Proceedings may be had therein, as to the Law doth appertain \ and we do hereby strictly charge and command all and singular the Constables, Borffiolders,

and

7 63

49° GEORGII IIIi Cap. 40.

and other His Majesty's Peace Officers for the said City, to be aiding and assisting in all things relating to the Premises: Given under our

Hands and Seals, this Day of in

the Year of our Lord

Persons Namee. Sums due.

n. d.

C. D -

E. F. the Landlord for divided G. H. &c.

No. 2.

WARRANT for Want of Distress of Goods.

City of Rochesterl To the Constables and Borlholders, and other Peace i» the County of I officers for the said City, and also to the Keeper of the Kent, to wit. j Gaol in and for the said City.

WHEREAS now or late an

Inhabitant, Holder, Landlord, Tenant, Occupier, or Enjoyer of Land, [House, Shop, Warehnufe, Cellar, Vault, or other Building, Tenement, or Hereditament, or Part of some Building, or Tenement], within the said Cuy, was and is truly rated and assessed, or liable to pay the Sum of

for and towards the Rate lately made, for the Purposes of an Act made in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates, in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, and regulating the Poor thereof: And whereas the said , hath

rcfuled or neglected to pay the said Sum of Money to the Overseer of the Poor, or the Collector of the Rates of the said Parish, although the fame was demanded, as appeared to us, Two of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City, upon Oath, whereupon we the said Justices granted our Warrant, bearing date the

Day of to levy

the said Sum of on the said

by Distress and Sale of his Goods and Chattels, rendering to him the Overplus (if any): And whereas, the said

One of the Constables or Borlholders of the said City, to whom the said Warrant was delivered to be executed, hath made a Return of the said Warrant, and cercified to us, that upon Enquiry and Search, it appeareth unto him, that the said

hath not any Goods or Chattels, whereof a fuf-3 ficient

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

ficient Distress could be had or taken, to levy the said Sum of

and the said Sum is Hill due and unpaid, as appeareth unto us upon Oath: These are therefore in His Majesty's Name, to will and

require you and every of you, to apprehend the said

and him safely to convey and deliver to the Keeper of the said Gaol, or his Deputy, together with this Warrant; and we do hereby also command you the said Keeper or Deputy Keeper, to receive the said into your said Gaol,

and him safely keep, without Bail or Mainprize, for the Space of

unless such Money, and all reasonable Charges, shall be sooner paid: Given under our Hands and Seals, this Day of; in the Year of

our Lord

No. 3.

FORM of Security for Money borrowed at Interest.

BY virtue of an Act made in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other R ites in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, and regulating the Poor thereof, the Guardians of the Poor of the Parish of Saint Nicholas aforesaid, in Consideration of the Sum of advanced and lent by

upon the Credit, and for the Purposes of the said Act, do grant and assign unto the said his (or her) Executors, Admi-

nistrators and Assigns, such Proportion of the Rates and Assessments to be made by virtue of the said Act, as the said Sum of doth or shall bear to the whole Sum which is or shall be borrowed upon the Credit of the said Act; to be "had and holden from this Day, until the said Sum of with Interest, at

per Centum per Annum for the fame, to be paid Half Yearly, shall be fully repaid and satisfied. In Witness whereof the said Guardians, or of them

have hereunto set their Hands and Seals, the Day of

No. 4.

FORM of Grant of Annuity.

BY virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for better assessing and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, and regulating the Poor thereof; the Guardians of the Poor of the said Parish of Saint Nicholas, in consideration

7&5

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

sideration of the Sum of paid by

to the said Guardians, do hereby grant unto the said his (uv her) Exeeuto s, Adinmi*

strators, and Assigns, an Annuity or yearly Sum of Ou of the Rates and Aikffments to be made by virtue of the said Act, which Annuity or Yearly Surn of

shall be paid to the said his (or her)

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, at the Poor Iioofe of the said Parish of Saint Nicholas, by four Quarterly Payments, (that is to say),

in every Year, during the natural Life of the first Payment thereof to be

made upon no.v next ensuing the Pate

hereof, and a proportionable Parc of such Annuity or yearly Sum* of

shall be paid from the last Quarter Day of Payment, to the Day of the Death of the said

In Witness whereof the said Guardians, or of them,

have hereunto let their Hands and Seals, the Day of

No. 5.

FORM of Alignment of Securities.

I, the within named in Consideration

of the Sum of to be paid by of in the County of at or before the Execution hereof (the Receipt

whereof, I do hereby acknowledge) do assign and transfer the within Security, and all my Right, Title, and Interest in and to the fame, and the Money thereby secured, unto the said Exrcmors, Administrators, and Assigns! Witness my Hand the Day of

No. 5.

CONV1CI ION.

City of Roche Her, 7 to wit. 3

BE it remembered, that on the Day of

in the Year of the Reign of King Gee rge the Th.rd, A.B. is convicted before

of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said City, by virtue of an Act made in the Forty-ninth Year of King George the Third, for better act'effing and collecting the Poor and other Rate* in the PariQi of Saint Nicholas, in the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, and regulat ng the Poor thereof [specifying the Offence]. Given under our Hands and Seals (or my Hand and Seal) the Day and Year aforesaid.

[_Loc. Of Per.]

No. 7.

766

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 40.

No. 7.

NOTICE of Appeal.

IN pursuance of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Forty, ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, for better addling and collecting the Poor and other Rates in the Parish of Saint Nicholas, in the City of Rochester, in the County of Kent, and regulating the Pi.or thereof; We do hereby give you Notice, that we intend to appeal at the next Srffioris or the Peace, to be holden at the Guildhall in anti for the said City of Rochester, against the Order, Conviction, or Determination [as the Case may bA of i wo of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said Cu., whrr by they have [fluting the Matter intended to be appealed against\. Dated the Day of

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s inult Excellent Majesty. 1809.

10

r

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 41.

An Act for repealing an Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Y'ear of His present Majesty, for the Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sur.der land, in the County Palatine of Durham; and for the more effectual Preservation, and further Improvement of the fame River, Port, and Haven.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was passed in the Third Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the First, intituled,

An Act for the Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, j G. i. e. j. and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham: And also another Act was passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His said Majesty, intituled, An Act for making more effectual an Act pajfcdintke 13 G. 1. c.«. Third Year of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, ‘An Act for the Preservation * and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland,

‘ in the County of Durham,’ both which Acts are long since expired: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Prefer- »o G. 2. c. 1: vation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland, in the County of Durham, which was to have Continuance for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years: And whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His said late Majesty,

(Loc. id Per.] 5 K intituled

774 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

3s G. i. c. i. intituled, An Act for continuing, amending, and rendering more effectualft mu. b of an Act made in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intitul. d ‘ An Act for the better P reformation and Improvement of the River ‘ W ear, and Po t and Haven of Sunderland, in the County ^Durham, as * relates to the Port and Haven of Sunderland, and the River Wear, between ‘ South Riddick or biddick Ford, and the said Port and Haven And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of

*5 G. 3, c. 16. His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the River Wear, and Port and Haven of Sunderland in the County Palatine of Durham, whereby the Terms granted by the said Acts of the Twentieth and Thirty second Years of His late Majesty were further continued from the Expiration thereof, for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament and infl ead of the Powers and Provisions contained and granted by the said Two Acts lait mentioned, other Powers and Provisions were thereby granted; and for the better Preservation1 and Improvement of the said River, Port, and Haven, Power was given to the Commissioners thereby appointed, to survey and improve the Navigation of the said River so far as to a Place called South Biddick or Biddick Ford, and no further; and the Port and Haven of Sunderland as the fame extends from the Promontory or Point, called Souter Point, about Two Miles from Sunderland Bar towards the Norih-ealt, and so into the Sea to Five Fathoms of Water at Low Water, and from thence in a supposed direct Line till it falls opposite 4o that Land called Ryhope Dean, about Two Miles to the South; and for raising Money necessary for those Purposes, certain Duties were thereby made payable for Coals and Cinders led and brought to the said River within certain Limits therein mentioned, and call and delivered on board gf Ships, Boats, Kefls, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels, and carried and conveyed down the said River to the Port of Sunderland, or any Part of the said River below South Biddick, or Biddick Ford aforesaid: And w fieri as the Commissioners appointed in and by the said A Cits have, in pursuance and in Execution of the Powers thereby vested in them, expended and laid out very large Sums of Money in erecting and building Two la ge Piers of Stone, and in lengthening the fame by Timber and Stones j also in erecting and building Quays, and in deepening the Channel of the said River near the Mouth thereof, and in making several Alterations and Additions to the Piers and Works, and making divers other new Works for the Improvement and Security of the said River, ‘Port, and Haven, wherthy great Benefits and Advantages have arilen to the Navigation and Tiade there: Ar.d whereas in pursuance and by vir-

•> e .1 tue of the Three 1 aft-mentioned Acts, the Commissioners therein named, a tab thereby appointed, have borrowed several large Sums of Money upon the Credit of the fame Acts to the Amount of Seven thousand nine hun-dte P un-ls; and there yet remains due and owing upon the Credit thereof the Sum of f ive thousand eight hundred Pounds; and, notwith-rfl rding the Duties granted by and colluded and received in pursuance of the fame Acts, and he Money so borrowed on the Credit thereof, hav£ been duly applied in making and carrying on the said Works, and for the other Purposes in the said its mentioned, yet the necessary Works to tie done for preferring and for further improving the Navigation of the said River, ort, and Haven, cannot be carried on without further and suffi. ciem Duties being granted and made payable, nor uni is Power is given to bortow a funner Sum: And wiieieas the Port of Sunderland is ot very

great

775

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 41.

great Importance to His Majesty's Service and Revenue, and in bringing up and employing a great Number of skilful Mariners and Seamen: And whereas the improving the Navigation by repairing and supporting the present Works and erecting other Works to render the said River, Port, and Haven more fate and commodious will be of great Public Utility: And whereas it is expedient that the said Acts should be repealed, and that such of the Provisions thereof as it may be necessary to continue, should be consolidated and re-enacted in this Act: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, "by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Three several recited Acts of Parliament of the Twentieth and Thirty-second Years of the Reign of Elis late Majesty, and of the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall be and the same are hereby repealed accordingly, save only so far as the fame concern or relate to any Rates or Duties which at the Time of passing this Act have become due and payable under and by virtue of any of the fame recited Acts rel'peftively, and which now remain unpaid; and also so as not in any Manner to annul, prejudice, or affect any Contraft, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, already entered into, made, or done by the Commissioners acting under the fame recited Acts or any of them respectively, and that such Contrafts, Matters, and Things may be acted upon and carried into Effect by the Commissioners authorized to execute this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Bryan Abbs, Henry Ashew, Edward Aijkell, Eduard Aijkell the younger, John Allan, the Honourable George Lyon Bowes, ‘■Thomas Bowes, Sir Francis Blake Baronet, Charles John Brandling, the Reverend Ralph Henry Brandling, Charles Brandling, Cell verity Bezuicke, Rowland Burden, Rowland Bur don the younger, Matthew Bell, Robert B/akiston, Robert Bi/s, William Beckwith, William Beckwith the younger, George Baker of Elernore, John Burrell, Thomas Brunton, Thomas Burn of Bishop Wear-mouth, Wil/iam Byers, the Reverend John Brew/ler, Christopher Bramwell, John Carr, John Carr the younger, Isaac Cookson, John Cookson, Chriflo-pher John Cay, Thomas Clerke, Thomas Cook, Sir John Eden Baronet, Robert Eden, Sir Frederick Morton Eden Baronet, the Reverend Charles Egerton, George Ward Errington, ’John Walton Elliot, Cuthbert Ellison, the Reverend William Ettrick, William Eden, George Fenwick, George Fenwick the younger, Addison Fenwick, Robert Fenwick, William Featherjlonebaugh, William Ferguson, Nicholas Fairless, Nicholas Fairless the younger, Chip-chafe Grey, John Gcodchild ot Low Pallion, John GooJchild of High Pallion, John Gocdchild the younger, James Goodchi/d, Ralph Gowland, John Gregson, William Gray, the Reverend Doctor Gray, Robert Green, Robert Green the younger, John Harrison, Hendry Hopper, Anthony Hopper, Thomas Hopper, Thomas Hopper of Durham, Christopher Septimus Hill, Thomas Hill, William Hayton, Timothy Hutchinson, William Hutchinfcn. William Hunter, William Hoar, Thomas Horn, the Reverend John Hutton, the Reverend Henry Hillyard, Joseph Harrison, John Humble, Thomas Humble, Charles Joseph Humble, the Reverend John Hampfon, Nathan Horn, John Iiudson, William Ironside, Hylton Jolijfee, John Jackson, James Jackson, Carr Ibbetson,- John George Lambton, William Henry Lamhxon, Ralph John Lambton, Henry Lambton, Hedworth Lambton, Sir Thomas

The Appointment of ColU-nriftoreis.

jj6 4/)* GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

Henry Liddell Barcnet, Lewis Legg, Sis Gilfred I.awfon Baronet, Sir William Lcraine Baronet. George I.ongstaff, Sir William Leighton, John Lyon, Charles Lyon, Frederick Lumlcv, Ralph Lambert, Sir Ralph Milbanke Baronet, George Isaac Mowbray, Arthur Mowbray, Christopher Thompson Muling, John Maling, 'Jacob Maude, Warren Maude, Richard Markham, Francis Mafeall, "John Douthwaite Nesham, "John Nesham, Thomas Nicholson, Robert Nichofon, John Fiefs, the Reverend William Nesfidd, Thomas Nclfoit, Bernard Ogden, Sir George Potock Knight of the Bath, William Peareth, Stephen Pemberton Doctor of Medicine, Richard Pemberton, John Pemberton, George Pemberton, William Peters, Sir Matthew White Ridley Baronet, Matthew White Ridley, Thomas Richardson, William Rufftll, Matthew Russell, George Robinson, John Wall Christopher Robinson, Ralph Robinson, Ralph Robinson the younger, William Robinson of SilkJworth, William Rudd, Thomas Rudd, Thomas Robson, Robert Rcay of Ili/ton, Robert Reay of Sunderland, Robert Eden Duncombe Shafto, Thomas Shafto, John Stafford, John Smith, the Reverend George Scurf eld, Charles Spearman, Edward ShipperJfon, George Story, Richard Scruton, Thomas Sanderson, William Sleigh, William Stobart, Clxirles Simpson, Sir Henry Vane Tempest Baronet, Sir John Thorold Baronet, Christopher Thornhill Thornhill, Simon Temple, William Temple, William Taylor, the Reverend Edward South Thurlow, Sir Heaworth Williamson Baronet, Thomas WilHamfon, Hedworth Williamson, William Hamilton Williamson, Thomas Wade, Thomas Wake, Rowland Webfer, Rowland Webfer the younger, Thomas Wilkinson of Houghton-le-Spring, Thomas Wilkiiifon of Oswald House, Robert Hopper Williamson, the Reverend Robert Hopper Williamson, Richard Wharton, the Reverend Richard Wallis, the Reverend J. Robinson Wallis, Anthony Wilkinson, Thomas Wilkinson of Newbus Grange, and John White, shall be, and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for putting this Act into Execution within the Limits herein-after mentioned; (that is to say,) the said Commissioners shall and may, and they are hereby empowered and authorized from Time to Time, as they shall see Occasion, to survey and preserve, and improve the Navigation of the said River so far as to the said Place called South Biddick or Biddick Ford, and no further, and the Port and Haven of Sunderland as the fame extends front the said Promontory or Point called Souter Point, about Two Miles from Sunderland Bar, towards the North-east, and so into the Sea to Five Fathoms at Low Water, and from thence in a supposed direct Line till it falls opposite to that said Land called Ryhope Dean about Two Miles towards the South, and to correct and prevent the Impediments, Lets, Abuses, and Annoyances therein; and that in all the Proceedings under this Act, or made by virtue thereof, the said Limits shall be known and intended by the Words following: videlicet, " The Limits of the Navigation," without any other or further Description; and that as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Limits were set forth in the Words and to the Effect herein-before mentioned.

AH Aitt mvf

III. And it is further enacted, That all Acts, Proceedings, Matters,

Five o bmir. an(i Things, herein-directed or expressed to be done or executed by the (irnicr. unless said Commissioners, relative to the Execution of this Act, may be done Greet'd" aml executed by any Five or more of the Commissioners hereby appointed, or hereafter to be appointed, in pursuance of this Act, as effectually as if all the said Commissioners concurred therein, except only in the Cafes herein particularly directed or mentioned to be done or executed by any 7 greater

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 41. * 77

greater or less Number of them; and that any Five or more of the said Commissioners (of which the Chairman for the Time being shall be one)

shall, in all Cafes where the contrary is not provided for by this Act, be a sufficient Number to constitute a Meeting for transading the Business of this Act.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Person shall be Q»,bGca>'on capable of acting as a Commissioner in pursuance of this Act (other than

and except the Mayor and Recorder of the City of Durham and Framwel-gate, for the Time being, and the Steward of the Borough of Sunderland aforesaid for the Time being, and the Collector of the Customs for the Port of Sunderland for the Time being), unless at the Time of acting he shall, either in his own Right or in Right of his Wife, be in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, held by him or her, for a Life or Lives, or in which he or she is entitled to fonrc Estate of Inheritance of the clear yearly Value of Two Hundred Pounds above Reprises, or be possessed of, or entitled to, a Personal Ella re of the Value of Six thousand Pounds; and if any Person (except the Mayor and Recorder of the City of Durham and Framwelgate for the Time being, the Steward of the Borough of Sunderland for the Time being, and the Collector of the Customs for the Port of Sunderland for the Time being) shall fit or ad as a Conunissioner, not having such Estate as aforesaid, cr having, or holding, any Office, or Place, under this Act, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Cafe, or determined by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoign, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and upon Suit or Prosecution, the Proof of such Qualification shall lie upon and be made out by such Person so to be sued or prosecuted.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Commis- Commisson-sioners, and each of them, shall take and subscribe the Oath following, Jj^u^ribe before he or they shall take upon him or themfetoes the Execution of any an Oath.

of the Powers or Authorities hereby given, other than administering the . Oath; videlicet,

I A.B. do ftvear, That I am, either in my own Right, or in Right of ‘ -*■ my Wife, in the actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents and Profits of

Freehold or Copyhold Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, held by me or ‘ my Wife, for a Life or Lives, or in which I or my Wife are, or is, in-

titled to some Estate of Inheritance of the clear Yearly Value of Two •* hundred Pounds above Reprises, or am possessed of, or intitled to, a ‘ Personal Estate to the Value of Six thousand Pounds; and I do swear ‘ that I will, without Favour or Affection,. H ttred or Malice, truly and

• impartially, according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge, execute and perform all and every the Powers and Authorities as a Commissioner,

< in pursuance of an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of

* His Majesty Xing George the Third, intituled, [Here Jet forth the Title of this Slfl].

Which Oath the Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, are oath to be 'hereby authorized and required to administer, at the first or any other

[Loc. Car Per.] 9 L Meeting ytarl*

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

Meeting by virtue of this Act; and the said Oath shall be administered to and subscribed, once in every Year, by every Commi{Tinner who shall attend; and if any Commissioner shall not attend for the Spa» c of One Year, then the said Oath shall be administered and subscribrd at the first Meeting at which he shall be present after such his Absenre.

VI. And be it farther enacted by the Authority afor< tid. That the said Commissioners shall meet at the House of Matthew S out Engineer, in Sunderland aforesaid, on the Thirtieth Day of June next af;c; lffing this Act, and elect and appoint one of the Commissioners app< nted by this Act, to be Chairman to preside at the Meetings of the Cc i niffioners, and shall then proceed further to put this Act in Execution md then adjourn themselves; and shall afterwards meet from Time to 1 i ie, at the Place aforesaid, or at such other Place or Places in Sunderland aforesaid, or in Dishop Wearmouth, in the said County, as the said Commiihoners, from Time to d ime, shall appoint, and as often as it shall be necessary for putting this Act in Execution; but in case at any Time an Adjournment shall be made, and Necessity shall require a Meeting to be held previous to the Day of Adjournment, then, and in such Case, on the Chairman and Two of the acting Commissioners giving Notice, in Writing under their Hands, of the Time and Place of such Special Meeting, to be affixed on the Doors of the Church and Chapel at Sunderland aforesaid, and of the Custom House there, a Special Meeting may be held at the Time mentioned in the said Notice, in case there be not less than Twenty-four Hours from the Time of the Notice being affixed; and such Proceedings as shall be had and made at such Special Meeting shall and may be acted upon until the Day of Adjournment, and then to be entered in the Proceedings of that Day, if approved by the Commissioners present at the Meeting held by such Adjournment; and if it shall happen that there shall not appear at any Public Meeting, which shall be appointed to be held l y adjournment, or at any Special Meeting, a sufficient Number of mmissioners to

aft at such Meeting, then, and in such Case, the Chairman for the Time being, with One or more of the Commissioners (if any shall be piefent) at such appointed Meeting, shall, and may adjourn the said Meeting to any other Day not exceeding Three Weeks from thence next following; and if it shall happen that the Chairman of the Commissioners shall not appear ai any such Meeting where there shall not be a sufficient Number of Commissioners to act, that then, and in such Case, the Clerk to the said Commissioners, by Notice in Writing under his Hand to be affixed on the Doors of the Church and Chapel at Sunderland aforesaid, and of the Custom House there, and also by an Advertisement in one of the Newspapers published at Newcaflk-upon-Tyne, shall appoint the said Commissioners to meet at the House where the last Meeting was appointed to be held, on that Day Three Weeks on which the last Meeting was appointed to be held, or on any other Day within the last Fourteen Days of the said Three Weeks; and the said Commissioners shall, at all their Meetings, pay their own Expences; and no Expence, in respect thereof shall be paid out of the Monies arising by this Act, nor shall any Charge be allowed in respect thereof, in any Accounts to be taken, of such Monies, except as herein-after expressed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the Chairman for the Time being shall have a determining Vote in all Cafies whatever, when a sufficicm

Nnmber

779

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 41.

Number of the Commissioners shall be present at any Meeting, and the Commissioners present shall vote even; but when the Number of Commissioners present shall not vote even, then, and in such Case, the Chairman shall have no Vote; and all Matters and Things shall from Time to Time be ordered and determined according to the Vote of the Majority of the Commissioners then present.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the Chairman for the Time being shall be disabled by Sickness or otherwise from attending, or shall neglect or reful'e to attend at any such public Meeting, having first Notice in Writing under the Hand of the Clerk or Treasurer, by the Bailiff of the Commissioners, given to him, or left at his Dwelling-house or Place of Abode, if he reside in the Towns of Sunderland, Bishop H'earmouth, or Monk Wearmouth, in the said County, of the Time and Place when and where the said Commissioners are to meet, then upon Oath of such Notice given or left as aforesaid; the said Commissioners shall and may, after the Hour of Eleven of the Clock in the Morning, proceed to the Election and Appointment of another Chairman; and after such Election and Appointment shall and may proceed and do all and every the Matters and Things by this Act provided and authorized to be done.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall, twice in every Year, on the Days following, that is to say, on the first Wednesday in the Month of ’January, and the first tVcdncfday in the Month of July, meet and elect a Commissioner for the Time being, acting in Execution of this Act, to be Chairman to preside at the Meetings of the said Commissioners.

X. And, to the Intent that the Abuses, Impediments, and Obstructions in and to the said River, Port, and Haven, and the Navigation thereof, may be prevented or remedied, be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, at their General Meeting yearly, on the first Wednesday in July, to elect, choose, and appoint, by an Order in Writing under their Hands, Thirteen of the said Commissioners acting, or who have a died in Execution of this Act, to be a Committee for the Purposes herein-after mentioned, which Committee shall be called " The Committee of surveyand it shall and may be lawful to and for such Committee, or any Five or more of them, to use and exercise the several Powers and Authorities vested in them in and by this Act for the Term of One Year only, or until other Persons shall be chosen in their Place by Virtue of this Act; and all Instruments or Nominations of any Person or Persons to be of such Committee, shall be entered in a Book to be kept by the Clerk of the said Commissioners for that Purpose.

XI. Provided always, That every Person to be appointed of the said Committee, in pursuance of this Act, shall, on or before the next public Meet'ng of the said Commissioners, after such Appointment and Notice in Writing to him given thereof, or left at his usual Place of Abode under the Hand of the Clerk of the said Commissioners, accept the said Trust, and subscribe an Instrument in Writing, to be provided for that Purpose, acknowledging his said Acceptance, and that he is willing to act therein;

and

It Chairman do not attend another to be chosen.

Timet fer choosing th^ Chairman.

Committee of Thirteen Commissioners to be elected.

Commissioners appointed

to he of the Committre to accept.

73o

For eU'C'ing Commiirxn-ersoix Death, ki.

Forrlrcting Ommission-tts to be of the Comm t-:ee to fuoply Vacancies.

Power to

elect O.'ticirs.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

and in default thereof, such Appointment shall be void, and of none

Effea.

XII. And, for the constant supplying the Number of Commissioners in case of Death or Refusal to a a. Avoidance, or other Incapacity of any of them, be it further enacted, That at any Time within Twelve Calendar Months next after the Death of any of the said Commissioners, or Notice of such Avoidance, Incapacity, or Refusal, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners from Time to Time to elect and appoint (by Order entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose) such other Person or Persons to be a Commissioner or Commissioners in the Place or Places of such Commissioner or Commissioners so dying, avoiding, becoming incapable, or refusing as aforesaid, as they shall think fit, and such Commissioner and Commissioners so from Time to Time elected and appointed shall have the fame Power and Authority in all Things, as if he or they had been named in this Act.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case of the Death or Refusal to act of any Person so to be appointed a Member of the Committee as aforesaid, or any Avoidance or other Incapacity of any such Person, then, and in any or either of the said Cafes, it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them from Time to Time, by an Instrument in Writing under their Hands, to elect and appoint, out of the Commissioners acting, or who have acted in Execution of this Act, One or more Person or Persons to be Member or Members of such Committee in the Place or Places of such Member or Members so dying, avoiding, becoming incapable, or refusing as aforesaid, as they shall see fit; and such Person or Persons so elected and appointed shall from thenceforth be a Member or Members of such Committee, to and for the Purposes of this Act, and shall have the fame Power and Authority in all Things relating thereto, as if he or they had been originally chosen Member or Members of the said Committee: Provided the said Person or Persons so elected and appointed do accept the Trull, and subscribe his Name, acknowledging the fame in Manner aforesaid.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or any Eleven or more of them, and they are hereby empowered, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to appoint and employ a Ireasurer, Collector of the Duties on Mailers or Owners of Ships and Vefills herein-after granted by this Act, Clerk, Engineer, Haven Mailers, and Bailiff, and any other Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons whotnsoever, that shall be necessary for the Intents and Purposes hereia-e.xprefltd, and for the carrying this Act into Execution; and to allow such T.eafurer, Collector, Clerk, Engineer, Haven Mailers, and Bailiff, such Salaries or Rgcompences, and to such other Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, such Salaries, Wages, or Recompences as the said Commissioners, or any Eleven or more of them, shall, by Wi iting under their Hands and Seals, order or direct; which said i reasurer, Collector, Clerk, Engineer, Haven Mailers, and Bailiff, and other Officer or Officers, or other Person or Persons, so to be appointed and employed as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times whatsoever, be removeable, the said Person or Persons h.avi g Notice at lead Twenty Days before the Time of voting for his or ;heir removal; and the said

9- Commissioners,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

Commissioners, or any Eleven or more of them, shall have Power and Authority to appoint any other or others in his and their Place and Places.

XV. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That there shall be always present at all and every such Meeting and Meetings to be held for the Removal or Appointment of the said Treasurer, Collector, Clerk, Engineer, or other Officers, Eleven Commissioners.

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That no Commissioner shall vote for, or join in, the Removal or Appointment of the said Treasurer, Collector, Clerk, Engineer, Haven Master, or Haven Makers, or Bailiff, or other Officer or Person to be employed by virtue of this Act, who hath not fat and acted as a Commissioner at one Public Meeting of the said Commissioners, at leaf); within Twelve Calendar Months next before such Removal, or the said Office or Offices shall become vacant; and the Evidence of such Commissioner having fat and acted, shall be his having figr.ed the Book of Proceedings of the Day whereon he acted or subscribed the Oath aforesaid on the Day he attended, fat, and acted, and no other Evidence shall be competent therein.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Commissioner appointed, or to be appointed, in, or by virtue of this Act, nor any Person in Trust for him, nor any Steward or Agent of any such Commissioner, except the Collector of the Custoras for the Port of Sunderland for the Time being, shall be capable of being appointed or employed, or of holding or enjoying, or of acting as Treasurer, Collector, Clerk, Engineer, Haven Master, or Bailiff, under the said Commissioners, or of having any Benefit, Profit, or Advantage therefrom, or arising thereby.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Treasurer, Collector, Clerk, Engineer, Haven Master, and Bailiff, so appointed, shall, before they, or any of them, enter upon their respective Offices, give such good and sufficient Security for the Performance of the Duties of their respective Offices, and for answering and paying of all and every Sum and Sums of Money that shall be by them respectively received by virtue of their Offices, unto such Person or Persons, and in such Manner and Form, as the said Commissioners, or any Fire or more of them, shall order, direct, and appoint, and also severally take the following Oath, (that is 10 say),

I A.B. do swear. That I \v*ll truly execute and discharge to the bed f of my Knowledge and Power, the Trust and Employment to me * given and committed, as Treasurer {or as the Caje shall be), without ‘ Favour or Affection, Malice or Corruption whatsoever, and that I will, e when, and as often as I shall be thereunto required, truly and faith-‘ fully account before the Commissioners of the River Wear, and Port and ‘ Haven of Sunderland, appointed by an Act of Parliament, made in the ‘ Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, or any Five ‘ or more of them assembled at any of their Public Meetings, for all and every Sum and Sums of Money which I, or any Person or Persons for \ Lee. & Per.] 9 M , ‘ me.

78!

OrTcefJ not to iemov-<d unlef» Eleven Comm. (Tinners preiem.

CommiiT-ori-er who dt>e« not attend in Twelve Month*, not to vote in removing or electing Olft-ce: s.

Com mifll oners not tohold Office*, &c*.

Officers to take au Oath.

782 4.9® GEORGII III. Cap. 41. 1 me, shall at any Time receive by virtue of the Trust or Employment ‘ now committed unto me.’ And the said Commissioners, or any Two or more of them, are hereby empowered and required to administer the said lad mentioned Oath, and all other Oaths herein-after mentioned or directed to be taken.

O fibers (o account.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be, and are hereby empowered from Time to Time, as and when they fee proper, to summon before them, and examine upon Oath, if they think tit, all and every the Officers and Persons employed in, or intruded with, the Receipt, Diibursement, or Application ot all or any of the Money raised, or to be raised, by virtue of the said former Adits, or any of them, or to be raised by virtue of this present Act; and every such Officer and Person employed or entruded as aforesaid, is hereby required to render to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, a true, ex-aft, and perfect Account, in Writing, of all and every Sum and Sums of Money so by him respectively received or expended, disbursed or applied as aforesaid; and in case any such Officer or Person so employed, or intruded, as aforesaid, shall be found in Arrear, and refuse to pay the fame, or shall refuse to account, then, and in either of the said C.ales, it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the said County, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to levy by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods of such Person so in Arrear, and refusing to pay the fame, or refusing to account, such Sum and Sums of Money as he shall be io found in Arrear, and shall refuse to account for, and for want of sufficientDidrefs, such Justice may: and fUll, by the like Warrant, cause such Offender to be committed to the Common Gaol of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Main-prize until he shall have paid all such Money as he shall have been so found to be in Arrear as aforesaid, or shall make up his Account, and pay all such Sums as shall be found due thereupon, or shall have compounded for the fame, and paid such Composition Money as they the said Commissioners shall think fit, and which Composition they are hereby empowered to make and receive; or the said Commissioners may, and they are hereby empowered to bring, or cause to be brought, any Action or Ah’:ions in the Name of their Chairman for the Time being, against such Officer or Person so refilling, neglecting, or making Default as aforesaid, for the Recovery of the Money which shall be in his Hands.

Okc?ts to deliver up hooks, &c. when required it to do by the Com-iwifiloners.

XX. And be it further enacted, That if any Clerk, Treasurer, Collector, Engineer, Haven Maker, or Bailiff, or other Officer employed under the said former Acts, or this Act, whether he or they are acting in their said Offices or Employments, or shall have been removed out of or from the same, shall refuse or neglect to deliver up to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, being thereunto required by the said Commissioners, either by personal Demand, or by Writing under their Hands, left at the last or usual Place of Abode of such Clerk, Treasurer, Collector, Engineer, Haven Maker, Bailiff, or other Officer, at a certain Time and Place, in such Demand or Writing to be appointed, all the Books, Papers, and Writings, in his or their Custody or Power relating to any Matter or Thing done under the Powers of this or any former Act, it ,shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace, as aforesaid, upon Application

49° GEORGII HI. Cap. 41. 783

Application from the said Commissioners, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to commit such Person or Persons to the Common Gaol aforesaid, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall deliver, or cause to be delivered, to the said Commissioners, or their Order, all and every the said Books, Papers, and Writings, or shall have given an Account thereof to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners: Provided, that no Person for any such Offence shall be committed for a longer Space of Time than Three Calendar Months.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners or such p>wtrtoitn-Person or Persons as they shall by any Writing or Writings under their N-l‘

Hands and Seals nominate and appoint, and their Agents, Officers, Workmen and Servants, shall be and are hereby empowered, authorized, and required, to deepen, cleanse and scour the said River Wear, within the Limits of this Act, and to cleanse, deepen and enlarge the Channel near to the Mouth of the Paid River, and to contract or lessen the Mouth or Entrance thereof, and maintain, repair, and support the present Piers and each of them, and to build such other Pier or Piers, or Part or Parts of a Pier or Piers, or to alter or vary the present, or any other Pier or Piers to be built; and also to build any Quay or Quays, Jcttee or Jettees, and to make and effect such other Works within the Limits of this Act, as shall be necessary for promoting and preserving the Navigation of the said River and the Use thereof by the several Perfor.G trading thereon or for the Time being, having Erections or Works adjoining the fame River, and for that Purpose to dig, take up, remove and carry away any Rocks, Stones, Soil,

Sand, Gravel, Rubbish or other gross Matter, which shall obstruct, prejudice, or hinder the Navigation of the said River, Port, and Haven, or the Improvement rhereof; and to call, lay, and lodge the fame behind such Pier or Piers, Quay or Quays, Jettee or Jettees, as shall be requisite for effecting the Purposes of this Act, be it the Ground or Soil of any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whomsoever; and also to dig, cut, remove, and take away all Trees, Roots, Beds of Gravel, Sand,

Stones, or any other Obstructions or Impediments whatsoever, which may any Way hinder or prevent the Navigation of the said River, Port and Haven, within the Limits of this Act, or the Improvement or Ule thereof as aforesaid; and also to build, erect, set up, and make in the said River,

Port, and Haven, within the Limits of this Act, or upon the Lands adjoining or near the fame, such Quays, Wharfs, Jettees, Crabs, Capfterns,

Mooring Anchors or Mooring Frames, Mooring Chains, Dolphins, and other Engines, l’ofts. Stoops, Landing Places, Weighing Beams, Work-houses and Warehouses, for the Purposes only of carrying on, completing, maintaining, and preserving the Navigation and Use of the said River, within the limits aforesaid, and rendering the Harbour and Port of Sunderland aforesaid, safe and commodious, and for other Works and Conveniencies necessary and requisite for those Purports, as and where, and from Time to Time as often as shall be proper and convenient to alter, repair, increase, enlarge, and amend the fame; and also to make, amend, widen, turn, alter, or enlarge any Ways, Passages, or other Conveniencies, for the carrying and conveying of all Sorts of Materials to and from the said River, Port, and Haven, within the Limits of this Act; and also to carry and convey the fame in, over, and upon any Lands or Grounds, in order to the making, carrying on, perfecting, improving, and finishing of the said Works and Navigation j and for altering, repairing, and maintain-

1

JX'wsr to pur-ttuic Lan li.

Incnpacitated Pr r(oii! er,i-t-owered ta let).

Contracts *c. £<--oJ.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

ing the fame, and also to lay," work, and manufacture the said Materials upon the Ground near to the Place or Places where the said Works, or any of them, shall or are intended to be made, erected or done; and also to get, dig, take, and carry away Soil, Sand, Clay, Stones, Rock, Gravel, and other Materials proper, requisite, and convenient for making, carrying on, altering, and continuing the said Works and Undertakings, in or from any Ground of any Person or Persons adjoining, or lying contiguous to the said River, Port, or Haven, within the Limits of this Act (not then being the Ground whereon any House {lands, nor having been for the Space of Twelve Calendar Months then next immediately preceding, an Orchard, Pleasure Ground, or Planted Walk or Avenue to a House, and except as herein-after is mentioned); and also to do and perform all other Works, Matters and Things, which shall be necessary or proper for the rendering the said Port and Haven safe and commodious, and for the Improvement of the Navigation of the said River, and the Use thereof as aforesaid; and for executing the Purposes of this Act, they, the said Commissioners and the other Persons hereby empowered to perform the said Works and Things, doing as little Damage as may be to and upon the Premises, and giving or tendering such Satisfaction to the Owners and Occupiers of and Persons interested in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments reflectively, for any Damage that may happen or be occasioned to such Lands, Tenemen s, or Hereditaments as the said Commissioners shall for that Purpose order, adjudge, direct or appoint according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and in case of any Difference or Dispute concerning such Danages or the Quantum thereof, the same shall be settled and determined in the Manner herein-after provided, with respect to the Value of Lands taken or uled for the Purposes of this Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall be and they are hereby empowered to agree with the Owners and Proprietors of and Persons interested in any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which they the said Commissioners shall judge necessary or proper, to erect any Pier or Piers, Quay or Quays, Jettee or Jcttees upon, or to be cut, dug, altered, removed, or used for the Purposes of this Act, for the Purchase thereof; and it shall be lawful for all Bodies-Politic and Corporate, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Committees, Executors, Adminiltfators, Celtuique Trusts, whether Infants or Issue unborn, Tenants in Tail, Lunatics, Idiots, or Feme Coverts, and to and for all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, who are or shall be seised or posselfed of, or interested in any such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, either to demise or lease the fame or any Part thereof, for any Term or Number of Years, at a certain yearly Rent; or otherwise to eontraft for, and to sell and convey the Inheritance in Fee Simple of all or any of such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, unto the said Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall nominate and a point; and that all such Contracts, Agreements, Bargains, Sales, Leases, and Conveyances, so to be made or at any Time heretofore made, shall be good and valid in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, not only to convey the Estate and Interest of the Person and Persons conveying the fame, but also to convey all Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Use, Trull, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever of their several and respective Cdluique Trusts, whether Infants or Iifue unborn. Lunatics, Idiots, Feme Coverts, or other Person whatsoever; and all claiming or to claim by,

from,

49° GEORGII III. Cap.\i. 785

from, or under them, any Law, Statute, Usage, or other Matter ot Thing whatsoever to the contrary thereof notwithstanding; and that all Prr(s and every Person or Persons so demiting, leafing, or conveying as afore- ^demnifictt. said, is, are, and shall be indemnified for what he, she, or they shall do by virtue and in pursuance of this Act; and the said Commissioners may also adjust what Proportion of the annual Rent or Sum in gross so agreed to be paid shall be allowed to any Tenant or other Person having a particular Estate, Term, or Interest in any of the Premises; and that all such

l.eases, Sales, and Conveyances, so to be made as aforesaid, shall be enrolled in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace for the County of Durham, and true Copies of the fame signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, or his Deputy, shall be deemed and taken as good Evidence thereof in all Courts whatsoever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That if any such Bodies Politic or How toaf-Corporate, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall for the Space vaSe"where of Sixty Days next after Notice in Writing, signed by the said Commis- Psrt«>n»iionot lionets given to the principal Officer or Officers of such Bodies Politic or tre;,t to Wl Corporate, or to such Person or Persons respectively, or left at his, her, or their lad or usual Place or Places of Abode, or to the Tenant or Tenants in Possession of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the erecting of any Pier or Pieis, Quay or Quays, Jettee or Jettees, upon, or to be cut, digged, altered, removed, or used as aforesaid, neglect or refuse to treat, or shall not agree with the said Commissioners, or by reason of Absence shall be prevented from treating touching the Matters aforesaid, then and in any such Case the said Commissioners shall and may and they are hereby empowered, authorized, and required from Time to Time to issue their Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals, to be directed to the Sheriff of the County of Durham for the Time being, or in case he shall happen to be interested in the Matter in question, then to one of the Coroners of the said County not interested in the Matter in Question, commanding such Sheriff or Coroner respectively to impannel, summon, and return a Jury, and such Sheriff or Coroner shall have as a Fee for so doing the Sum of Twenty Shillings and no more: And the said Sheriff or Coroner respectively, to whom the said Warrant or Warrants shall be directed, is hereby required accordingly to impannel, summon, and return a Jury of Twenty-four able and sufficient Men, qualified according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm to be returned for Trials of Issues joined in His Majesty's Court of Pleas at Durham, to appear before the said Commissioners at such lime and Place as by such Warrant or Warrants shall be directed and appointed, not being less than Twenty Days after such Warrant shall be served upon the Sheriff' or Coroner respectively, or more than Thirty Days after such Service, upon Pain to forfeit for every Default in not making such Return, Twenty Pounds, and also to return in Issues upon every such Person so impauneiled and returned, not appearing contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Sum of Forty Shillings:

And in case a sufficient Number of Jurymen shall not appear, the said Sheriff' or Coroner shall return other honest and indifferent Men of the Standers-by, or that can speedily be procured to attend that Service, being so qualified as aforesaid, to make up the said Jury to the Number of Twelve, and all Parties conferred may have their lawful Challenges against any of the said Jurymen: And the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and required by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, to summon and call before [Loc. ft? Per.j 9 N them

786

■WltnelTes not appearing. Sec.

Fees and Expellees to be paid by whom Verdict is j,iven aga'nft.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

them all and every such Person and Persons as flikt.ll be thought necessary by any of the Parties concerned, to be examined as Witness or Witnesses touching the Matters in question, who shall be paid for their Attendance the Sum of Six Shillings a-piece for each Day’s Attendance, and for their Expences of Maintenance, and no more: And the said Commissioners may order and authorize the said Jury, or any Four of them, to view the Place or Places, or Matters in question: And the said Jury upon their Outr.s having inquired into the Matters in Dispute, and heard what shall be said by the Witnesses produced to them upon their Oaths, shall assess and ascertain such Damages and Recompences as they the said Jury shall think fir, to be awarded to the Owners and Occupiers of, and Persons interested in any such Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof: And the said Jury shall be paid for their Attendance Seven Shillings and Sixpence a Man for each Day’s Attendance, and for their Horse-hire Expences of Maintenance, and travelling Expences, and no more: And the said Commissioners shall give Judgement for such Damages ami Rccotnpence so to be assessed by such Juries; which said Verdict and Judgement thereupon declared and pronounced by the said Commissioners, and the Value and Recompence so assessed, (Notice in Writing being first given of their Meeting, at least Fifteen Days before such Meeting, to the Parlies concerned, or left at his, her, or their Dwelling House or Houses, or usual Place of Abode, or with the Tenants or Occupiers of the Premises aforesaid), shall be binding and conclusive to all Intents and Purposes, except as herein-after is mentioned, against all Bodies Politic and Corporate, and all and every other Person and Persons, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and all ethers claiming any Title or Interest in the fame Messuages, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any thing thereunto belonging or appertaining, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, or Expedancy, or otherwise, as well Bodies Politic or Corpi rate, Infants, Idiots, Lunatics, Feme Coverts, Tenants for Life or Lives, Tenants in Tail, Tenants in Fee Simple, Customary or Copyhold Tenants, and Tenants for Terms of Tears, and their respective Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, and all claiming or to claim by, from, or under him, h.er, or them, or any of them, or otherwise howsoever.

XXIV. Provided always and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons who shall be summoned as a Witness or Witnesses by virtue and for the.Purposes of this Act (he, she, or they, being paid, or being tendered to him, her or ihertt, Satisfaction for Attendance as aforesaid), shall neglect or reiuie to appear or give Evidence upon Oath at the Time, Place, and on the Occasion, to be specified in such Summons; or if any Person fuimnoned to appear as a Juryman by virtue of this Act shall tefufe to appear anJ be sworn, or to give his Verdict; or if any Person or Persons summoned to attend as a Witness or Juryman, shall in any Manner wilfully negied his Duly, or misbehave in the Premises, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, every Person so offending in all or any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall and may be fined by the iaid Commissioners for every such Offence, in any Sum not exceeding the Sum of Tea Pounds.

XXV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Jury shall give a Verdict for more Money, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any Messuages, Lands, leneinents, or Hereditame ts, or for any Damage to be.done thereto, than what shall have been offered on that Account by the Laid Commissioners' before fuclt Jury was Iummoned, that then the

ices

73 7

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

Fees and Expences payable by virtue of this Act to the said Sheriff or Coroner, Jurymen and Witnesses respectively, IliaII be so paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act: But it the Verdict be given for no more or less Money than shall have been offered by the said Commissioners, previous to the summoning of such Jury for such Recompense and Satisfaction, then such Fees and Expenses of the said Sheriff or Coroner, Jurymen and Witness’es, shall be borne or paid by the Person or Persons with whom the Arid Commissioners shall have such Dispute, and the fame shall be deducted out of the Monies so to be adjudged, and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder thereof Audi be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment and lender of the Whole Sum so assessed and adjudged as aforesaid: Provided, that where by reason of Absence any Person or Persons firall have been prevented from treating with tire said Commissioners touching the Matters aforesaid, the whole of such Fees and Expences shall be paid by the said Commissioners.

XXVI. And Ire it further enacted, That all the said Verdicts and v Vict ana Judgements shall be set down in Writing under the Hands and Seals of turned the said Commissioners acting in the Premises, ajid be kept amongst the i j; stf-Records of the Quarter Sessions of the Peace of the said County of Durham. tl!>*

by the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being, - or his Deputy; and the fame, or true Copies thereof, shall be taken, adjudged, and deemed good and sufficient Evidence and Proof in any Court of Law or Equity whatsoever; and all Persons may have recourse to the lame without Fee or Reward at all limes, and may take Copies thereof, paying for the same.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That on Payment or Tender of the on ten-erm;: Sum or Sums of Money so agreed or contrafted for, or assessed and ad- Mom-y judged for Damages to the Parties concerned, or for the Purchase Money "proceed n of any Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments as aforesaid, he, the Wort, flie, or they, shall execute a Conveyance or Conveyances in Manner aforesaid, or upon depositing the fame in the Bank of England, as directed by this Act, as the Case may be (which Sum or Sums of Money the said Commissioners are hereby authorized and directed to pay out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act), it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and their Agents, Workmen, and Servants, to enter upon, remove, cut, dig, and use such or so much of the said Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises, for which Satisfaction shall have been contrafted for, agreed, or assessed as aforesaid; and thereon to make, en d, or do any Works, Matters, or Things, for the Improvement of the Navigation of the said River, Port, and Flaven, and supporting and maintaining the fame during the Term hereby granted for the Executing any of the Powers in this Act expressed, as tha said Commissioners shall think requisite; and this Act, shall be sufficient to indemnify the said Commissioners, and all Persons employed by or under them, against the Owners, Occupiers, or other f’ersons interested therein, their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, and against all and every other Person and Persons whomsoever, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any ir Parties die. Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any other Owner or Owners, ut with

<)ccupier t'-cv may try

788

the Matter by a feigned 11 hie at Law, &c.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

Occupier or Occupiers of, or other Person or Persons interested as aforesaid in any such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, against whom any such Verdict or Judgement shall be given as herein before mentioned, shall nevertheless be dissatisfied therewith, and think the Money so assessed and ascertained by any such Jury not a full, adequate, and sufficient Recompence and Satisfaction for his, her, or their Iruerelt and Lflate in such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or for the Damage to be done thereto, or if the said Commissioners, or any Eleven or more of them for the Time being, in case any such Verdict or Judgement as herein before mentioned shall be given against them, shall nevertheless be dissatisfied therewith, and think the Money so assessed by any such Jury exceeds the true, fair, and just Valuation of such Messuages, I,ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or is more than a sufficient Recompence and Satisfaction for the Damage to be done thereto, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons so interested as aforesaid, being so dissatisfied, or the said Commissioners being so dissatisfied respectively, upon giving One Month’s previous Notice thereof in Writing to the other Party or Parties, or to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, as the Case may happen to be, to cause the true Value thereof 10 be inquired of, assessed, and tried, with all convenient Speed, by a Jury of the said County of Durham, under a feigned I flue at Law, to be brought in His Majesty's Court of Pleas at Durham, in which said Issue at Law' the Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons so interested as aforesaid, being so dissatisfied, shall be the Plaintiffs, and the Chairman of the said Commissioners shall be Defendant; or if the said Commissioners shall be so dissatisfied, their said Chairman shall be the Plaintiff, and the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons so interested as aforesaid, shall be Defendants, and in which said Issue at Law' the Sufficiency of the Valuation of the Messuages, Lands, Tenements, oiTIereditaments inDispute, or the Sufficiency of the Recompence and Satisfaction for the Damage to be done thereto, shall be the only Question to be tried between the Parties; and the Jury, by their Verdict, shall find and declare the Sum to be paid by the said Commissioners as last aforesaid: Provided always, that if the Jury on the Trial of any such Issue, wherein any Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons so interested as aforesaid, shall be the Plaintiffs, shall give a Verdict for more Money as and for the Valuation of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Dispute, or as and for the Recompence and Satisfaction for the Damage to be done thereto, than was assessed and ascertained by the said former Verdict and Judgement, that then the Costs attending the Trial of the said Issue shall be paid by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act; but if the Jury on the Trial of any such Iiflues wherein such Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, or the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons so interested as aforesaid, shall be Plaintiffs as aforesaid, shall give a Verdict for the same Sum, or a less Sum, than was assessed and ascertained by any such former Verdict and Judgement, that then, and in every such Case, the Plaintiffs in any such Ilfues shall bear, pay, and discharge all the Costs attending the Trial of any such Issue as aforesaid; and if the Jury on the Trial of any such Issue, wherein the Chairman of the Commissioners shall be the Plaintiff, shall give a 9 Verdict

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4T, 7S9

Verdict for less Money as and for the Valuation of the said several Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Dispute, or as and for a Recompence and Satisfaction for the Damage to be done thereto, than was assessed or ascertained by the said former Verdict and Judgement, that then the Cods attending the Trial of the said Issue shall be paid by the said Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, or other Person or Persons who shall be Defendants therein: But it the Jury on the Trial of any such last-mentioned Issues, wherein the Chairman of the Commissioners shall be Plaintiff as aforesaid, shall give a Verdict for the same Sum, or for more Money, as and for the Valuation of the said Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Dispute, or as and for the Recompence and Satisfaction for the Damage to be done thereto, than was assessed and ascertained by such former Verdict and Judgement j that then and in every such Case, the said Commissioners shall, out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, bear, pay, and discharge all the Costs attending the Trial of any such Issue as aforesaid; all and every such respective Costs before mentioned to be taxed by the proper Officer of the said Court; and that such Verdict so given on the Trial of any such Issue, and the Judgement thereupon entered shall be final and conduitve between the Parties, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and no new Trial be moved for, or Writ of Error, or other Proceeding' thereupon had or brought, to hinder or delay the Execution, or set aside such Verdict and Judgement so given as aforesaid; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, in any such Issue joined, shall neglect to bring such Issue to be tried at the first Assizes for the County of Durham, and not countermand the fame in due Time, according to the Rules and Practice of the said Court, or shall neglect to give due Notice of Trial at the next Assizes, that then, and in every such Case, the Defendant or Defendants in such Issue shall be at liberty to obtain Judgement, as in case of a Nonsuit by Order of Court, and shall be entitled to Costs, to be taxed by the proper Officer of the said Court.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Application or awarded to be paid for any I.ands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers and for the Purposes of where ex-°"1 this Act, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, ceeding aool. Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, or seised, or possessed of only a particular or determinable Estate or Interest therein, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Commissioners of the River Wear, to the Intent that such Money may be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrance, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands or Hereditaments standing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Di-[Loc. 59s Per.3 9 0 rection

790 .4-9° GEORGII III. Cty.-4.1-.

rection and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so puf-chafed, taken, or used as aforesaid, (food settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the meantime and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be vested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the meantime and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time1 be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and (Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Application

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so Compensation agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, islet, than taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corpo-cwdaiotrat‘on’ or to any Person or Persons tinder Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be lese than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall (at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands Or Hereditaments so taken or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands) be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

Application XXXI- Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Mcmeyil'cfs Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as la ft beforementioned, shall be thrai not. less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, shall think fit 01 m case of Infancy, or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively,

.. * 9

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 41. 791

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase j’itles; of any Lands ,r Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of this Act for the Purpol-.s aforesaid, shall refuse tu accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners; or in case the Person or Persons to whom any stich oriffersons Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found j p(c,r. or if * c Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be chafe Money not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall and d

may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners to order the Sum or Bank;

Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England. in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments (describing them if they are known), and if they are not known, then generally to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, without any Descriptien of them; subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of subjecttothe the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Ap- cotrt of the plication of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum and Sums chancery on of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is or

hereby empowered, in a summary way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the same Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, acccording to the respective Estate or Ertates,

Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the lame is or are received, to the Person or Persons who shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it further enabled. That where any Refprrting Ouertion shall arise, touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be

paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands or Hereditaments, or of any Estate,

Right, or Interest in any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons,

shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and tha Dividends or Interest of the said Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful one, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

792

The Court may order reafoia’ile Expences of Parchises to be paid.

The Property of Buildings, ifre. velted in the Chairman j

and be empowered to profeculc.

CommiTn"-ers m»y sue and be sued in the Name of their Chairman and Clerk.

No Action or

Indic'me it to be brought or preferred but

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and be applied in the* Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all such Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court fhadi deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Commissioners, who dial I from Time to Time pay such Sum or Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Property of the Lands> Houses, I.ight Houses, and other Buildings, erected by the Commissioners under the former Acts, or any of them, or to be erected by the Commissioners under this present Act; and of the Keels, Boats, Floats, or other Vessels, Machines, Woody Iron, Indruments, Working Tools, and all other Materials and Things which have been purchased and provided for the Purpose of making and carrying on the Works to be done in pursuance of the said former Acts of Parliament, made for or relating to the Improvement and Preservation of the said River, Port, and Haven, or any of them, or which shall hereafter be purchased or provided by the said Commissioners, for the Purpose of carrying on the Works to be done in pursuance of this Act; and of the Books and Papers of the Commissioners; shall be veded in the Chairman of the said Commissioners for the Time being; and he is hereby empowered and authorised, by the Order of the said Commissioners, to prefer and prosecute Indictments against any Person or Persons who shall deal, take away, destroy, embezzle, or damage the fame, or any|Part thereof.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may sue or be sued in the Name of, their Chairman, or Clerk; and that no Action or Suit that may be brought or commenced, or Indictment that may be preferred or prosecuted, by or against the Commissioners, or any of them, in the Name of their Chairman or Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Chairman or Clerk, or by the Election of any other Person to be Chairman or Clerk, or by the Act of such Chairman or Clerk, without the Consent of the said Commissioners; but the Chairman or Clerk for the Time being shall always be deemed Plaintiff, Prosecutor, or Defendant in such Action, Suit, or Indictment, as the Case shall be: Provided always, that the said Chairman or Clerk ip whose Name, or against whom any such Action or Suit shall be brought, or Indictment preferred, shall always be indemnified and reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, all such Cods, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put to, or become chargeable with, by Reason of his- being made a Plaintiff, Prosecutor, or Defendant in such Action, Suit, or Prosecution.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Action shall be commenced or proceeded in, or Indictment preferred or prosecuted, by Order of the said Commissioners, unless the said Commissioners do make

- and

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 41. 793

«nd sign an Order for the commencing and proceeding in the said Action hv 0«fcr of or Actions, pr preferring and prosecuting such Indictment or Indictments, fioncrt"1 f"

XXXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That this Act shall not t n i«. &c. extend, or be construed to extend, to give any liberty. Privilege, Juris- 'or the

distion, or Right whatsoever, to the said Commissioners, or any of them, i-'urpofeof in, upon, or over any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Waites, or Waite JloV^'id thr Grounds, lying upon, contiguous to, or near the said River, Port or Haven, o«.rs t for any other Purpose whatsoever, than for the making, carrying on, completing, upholding, maintaining, and using the said Navigation, and oti,cr ,.ur. the executing of the Powers by this Act granted; and where a Recompence p°fe»-and Satisfaction is only made for the Damages to be done to such Manors,

Lands, Tenements, Waites, or Waite Ground, for the Purposes aforesaid, then that the respective Owners and Occupiers of all such Manors,

Lands, Tenements, Waites, and Waste Grounds, may severally and respectively hold, possess, and enjoy the fame, and their several and respective Rights and Privileges therein, with Liberty to pass along any Quays hereafter to be made thereon, on Foot or on Horseback, or with their Servants and Workmen, or with Teams, Waggons, Carts, or Carriages, and in all other Respects to use and enjoy the fame, in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if this Act had not been made, so as not thereby in any wise to hinder, obstruct, prejudice, or prevent the said Navigation, or any of the Works necessary for the carrying on and completing the fame, or the Execution of the Powers by this Act granted.

XXXIX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That commotion nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be deemed or construed to ers not to extend, to give Power or Authority to the said Commissioners, or any of v/av'but fo" them, to make or lay any Waggon Way or Waggon Ways, or other Way the Pm-pnfe* or Ways whatsoever, for the vending, or leading to or from the said River, Satlon<

any Coals, Cinders, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, save and except what shall be necessary and proper for the carrying on, completing, and maintaining of the said intended Navigation, and for executing the Purposes of this Act, any Thing herein-before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Be it further enacted, That the Persons who shall be appointed to be of the Committee of Survey, as aforesaid, or any Five or more of them, shall, once at least in every Year, previous to the General Meeting on the First Wednesday in July, and oftener if they shall see Occasion, at such other Time and Times and Seasons as they shall think fit, survey and view the said River tVear, within the Limits aforesaid, and the Abuses, Impediments, Obstructions, and Annoyances therein, and the several Wharfs, Staiths, and Ballalt, and other Quays within the said Limits; and the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, who shall make such Survey, shall give and report to the said Commissioners, at their said General Meeting, on the Day and Time lait aforesaid, yearly, oi at the then next or some subsequent public Meeting of the Commissioners, after such Survey and View as aforesaid, the Abuses, Impediments, Obstructions, and Annoyances in, upon, or to the Prejudice of the said River, or to the Navigation thereof, and of such of the said Wharfs, Staiths, or Ballast, or other Quays, as are irregular, or too low built, or in want of Repair, or fallen down in [Ltc. isf Per.] 9 P Part

Committee of Survey, once a Year at least, to survey the Rivet before the General Meeting in July.

To report to the General Meeting the Abuse;, St c. an.t State of the Quay*

See.

794-

The Commissioners to take Report into Consideration, and make Order for remedying and removing Impediments, etc.

Nuisancea n removed, c

i^u.rys, etci not rebuilt.

49° GEORGII 'III. Cap. 41.

Pact or in Whole, or that have any End or Ends, or Part of such Quaysf Straiths, or Wharfs, without Flanks up to the Shore above High Water Mark, or that are unbuilt, or out of Repair, and of all other Nuisance* and Abuses to the said River, or the-Navigation thereof; and the Engineer of the said Commissioners shall attend the said Committee, or any Five or more of them, on their said several Views and Surveys, to make Minutes for them, and to give his Advice and Opiiv’on as to Matters relating to the Navigation, and other Matters aforesaid.

XLI. And it is further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall proceed at the fame or some subsequent Meeting to take the said Report into Consideration, and then, or at any future Public Meeting, make such Order and Orders for remedying and removing the said Impediments, Annoyances, and Obstructions, and for the rebuilding, repairing, and amending the said Quays, Staiths, and Wharfs, within such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall think fit, and shall cause Notice in Writing to be given to the Person or Persons doing, committing, or permitting the said Impediments, Annoyances, or Obstructions; and also to the Owner and Owners, and to the Occupier and Occupiers of such Quays, Staiths, and Wharfs, so found to be irregular or too low built, or in want of Repair, or fallen down in Part or in Whole, or that any End or Ends, or Part of such Quays, Staiths, or Wharfs, is or are without Flanks up to the Shore above High-water Mark, unbuilt, or out of Repair, which Notice shall be given personally, or left at the Dwelling House or Houses, or Place or Places of Abode within the County of Durham, of the Person or Persons committing or permitting the said Impediments, Annoyances, or Obstructions, and of the Owner and Owners, Occupier and Occupiers, of such Staiths, Quays, and Wharfs, so found out of Repair or defective as aforesaid, or with some Tenant or Agent on the Premises, on or near which any such Abuse, Misdemeanor, Obstruction, or Annoyance is found and reported to be made or occasioned, and of such Quays, Staiths, and Wharfs, so found to be out of Repair or defective as aforesaid, specilying the Particulars wherein such Nuisances, Defaults, Obstru(5tions or Annoyances coufift, and the Time or Times allowed by the said Commissioners for remedying or removing the fame, and the want of Repair or low-building of the said Quays, Staiths, and Wharfs, or that the fame is or are without Flanks up to the Shore above the High-water Mark, or unbuilt, or out of Repair, and the Time or Times allowed by the said Commissioners for rebuilding, repairing, and amending the said Quays, Staiths, 5t and Wharfs so found as aforesaid; and in case such Impediments, Annoy-' ances, or Obstructions, shall not be remedied and removed within such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall have appointed for that Purpose, the said Person or Persons doing, committing, or permitting the lame, shall forfeit and pay such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of Five Pounds; and for every Week that such Defects or Annoyances so found are not remedied or removed from and after the Time allowed by the Commissioners as aforesaid, a Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding Five Pounds per Week; and if such Quays, Staiths, or Wharfs, are not rebuilt, repaired, and amended, within such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall have appointed for that Purpose, the Owner and Owners, and Occupier and Occupiers of such Quays, Staiths, or Wharfs, shall forfeit and pay such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum 5 of

795

49° GEORGII m. Cap. 41.

Pf Five Pounds, and for every Week that every such Quay, Sfaith, or Wharf, shall be and remain from and after the Time allowed by the said Commissioners as aforesaid, unflanked up to the Shore above the High-water Mark, or not built above the usual Flux of the Water; or not repaired, or the Dcfcfts thereof nor remedied or removed, the further Sum or Sum* not exceeeding Five Pounds for every Week.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Owners Owners of and Proprietors of Lands and Tenements, and their Agents, Workmen, or thereon"*S* Servants, to go thereon to build, rebuild, repair, or amend such Quays, build Quays, Staiths, or Wharfs, or to remove such Impediments, Annoyances, or ^n^guii'ty Obstructions, as he, she, or they, shall be so ordered, without being of irdpai to guilty of Trespass to the Occupiers or Tenants of such Grounds; and in Occupier, case the Defect in building or rebuilding, repairing or amending of the said Quays, Staiths, or Wharfs, or the said Impediments, Annoyances, or Obstructions, shall be through the Default of the Occupier or Occupiers,

Tenant or Tenants, and the said Owners and Proprietors shall build, rebuild, repair, or amend the fame, or shall remove such Impediments, Annoyances, and Obstructions, the said Owners and Proprietors shall and may recover of the said Occupier or Occupiers, Tenant or Tenants, the Expences and Charges of building, rebuilding, repairing, or amending the same, and of removing such Impediments, Annoyances, and Obstructions aforesaid.

XLIII. And it is further enacted, That the said Committee, or any Toafccrtiio Five or more of them, shall at their first Survey and View of the said water Mark, River, Port, and Haven, after the passing of this Act, or at some subse- etc. quest Survey and View thereof, set down or cause to be set down and fixed, and afterwards maintained, Meer Stones or Ports, to ascertain the High-water Mark in the said River, Port, and Haven, within the Limits of this Act, in such Parts thereof, and Places, as the said Committee shall think proper; and any Person or Persons who shall remove, displace, break, cut, injure, or dertroy, any of the Meer Stones or Ports so set down or fixed as aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

XLIV. And beitfuther enabled, That the said Commissioners shall and Expences of may pay, and allow out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act, the belaid.1'6 reasonable Expences of the said Committee, when attending and going on their said' Surveys, to be made as aforesaid.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That the Owner or Master, or Owners or Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of every Ship, Keel, ^1"r*5°ebe Boat, or other Vessel, shall be, and is hereby made answerable for any for Damage Damage or Mischief done by such Ship, Keel, Boat, or other Vessel, djw^yihLir through any wilful Act, Default, or Neglect of any of the Crew, Keel-men, Boatmen, or Watermen, belonging thereto, or by the said Crew*

Keelmen, Boatmen, or Watermen, to any of the Piers, Quays, Wharfs,

Jettees, or other Works, made by virtue of the former Acts, or which shall be made or maintained by virtue of this Act, or for any Damage or Mif-chief so done to the Keels, Boats, Floats, or other Vessels belonging to the said Commissioners, and by them kept for the Purpose of carrying on the Works to be done in pursuance of this Act, or to the Capfterns, Moorings,

> Buoys,

796

Damage; by Works being made.

damages by the Works giv nga d ffrrent Direction to the Sea Of Tide.

Jui y lo'en-ijuire of Damages.

Rebuilding Quay, and Grounds Secured.

For preferring the Quay;, r'c. u ed at tive

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

Baoys, Chains, or Ropes, belonging to the said Caplterns, Moorings, or Buoys, Meer Stones, or Pod-, placed or to be placed in or near the said River, Port, or Haven, or to the Machines, Wood, Stones. Iron Instruments. Workmen’s Tools, or o her Materials, purchased or provided for the Purpose of making and carrying on such Works, or for any Trefspafs done to the Owntr or Occupier of any La ds, Grounds, or Tenements, adjoining to the said Port ot River, other than by haling or towing as aforesaid, and such Owner, Mailer, Person or Persons, having the Rule or Command of such Ship, Keel, Boat, or other Vessel, or any of them, shall or may be sued for the fame by the )rder of the said Commissioners,; in the Name of the Chairman for the Time being, to the said Commissioners, as if such Damage or Trespass had been done or committid by the said Owner, or such Mailer, or Person or Persons, having such Rule or Command, himself or themselves, and if upon such Action the Defendant or Defendants therein shall be found Guilty, or Judgement be given agair.lt him or them, upon Demurrer, or by Default, the Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs shall not only recover his and their Damages thereby lullained, but also double Colls of Suit.

XLVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That ic any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall at any Time hereafter happen to fullain any Damage by the said Commissioners, or any Person or Persons authorized by them, in putting in Execution the Powers vested in them by this Act, in or upon his, her, or their Messuages, Quays, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for which no Recompence shall have been made, by reason of any Act, Neglect, or Default of the said Commissioners, or their Agents, Workmen or Servants; or if by the erecting or building of any Pier, or Piers, Wall, or Walls, Jettee, or Jettees, or other Works, and from the different Direction to be thereby given to the Sea and Tide flowing into the said River, Port, or Haven, the said Messuages, Quays, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall" be beat down, washed away, overflowed, or otherwise prejudiced or damnified, then in either of the said Cafes, if the said Commissioners, and the Parties by whom such Damage shall be sustained, shall not agree touching such Damages, then and in every such Case they the said Commissioners shall enquire of and ascertain such Damages, by a Jury to be impannelled and returned as aforesaid, and give Judgement for the Party or Forties aggrieved, and record the fame, and such Record to be deposited, inspected, and copied, and such Copy to be Evidence in like Manner and Form as is herein-before particularly mentioned and directed; and the said Commissioners, by and out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, shall cause to be paid the said Damages so ascertained, and such Quays to be rebuilt or repaired, and such Lands and Grounds as much as may be effectually secured against the Sea and Tide within Twelve Calendar Months next after such Accident shall happen: Provided, that such Quavs at the Time of the said Accident were not in Decay or Ruin, and appear to have been built on good and proper Foundations, and regularly built with Stones of a sufficient Size and Quality for a Quay on a Navigable River, and such Quay shall be proper to be rebuilt and repaired.

XLVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any of them, shall not have any Right, Power, or Authority, by virtue of this Act, by themselves, or any Person or Persons

authorized

49° G EO R G11 III. Cap. 41.

tuthotized by, from, or under them, or any of them, at any Time here* after, to remove, pull down, destroy, demolish, or alter all or any of the Quays, Wharfs, or Staiths, which, at the Time of passing this Act, are built, erected, or (landing on any Part of the said River, Port, or Haven, nor to obstruct or hinder any Person or Persons from erecting or building any Quay or Quays, Wharf or Wharfs, Staith or Staiths, near or upon the said River, Port or Haven, or any Part thereof, but that all and every Person and Persons shall and may at any Time hereafter erect or build inch Quays, Wharfs, or Staiths, as they might have done if this Act had not been made, so as the Person or Persons intending to erect or build the fame, do cause Notice of such his Intention to be given to the Engineer of the said Commissioners, Two Months previous to his erecting or building the fame, and so as they be built so high that the Water may not overflow the fame; and from Time to Time kept flanked and in good, Order and Repair, as before is mentioned; and so as the same shall not be any Obllruftion or Hindrance to the Navigation of the said River as aforesaid, or the Improvements intended to be made by virtue of this Act.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That for any Thing that is or shall be a Nuisance at the Common Law, or by any Act or Acts of Parliament made, or to be made, the said Commissioners, or any other of His Majesty's Subjects, shall and may prefer Indictments, and take and use such other Methods or Proceedings for the abating or removing the fame, as they might have done if this Act had never been made; the Expence and Charges of doing thereof by the said Commissioners shall and may be paid and borne by them by and out of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act, so as there be such Order of the said Commissioners for that Purpose as herein-before mentioned: Provided nevertheless, that in case any Work or Works shall be built or erected, or any other Matter or Thing done by the said Commissioners, or their Servants or Workmen, for the Improvement or Preservation of the said River, Port or Haven, by virtue of the Powers and Authorities hereby given or granted, shall fall down, or become ruinous or in decay, the lame, or the Consequences thereof, shall not be deemed a Nuisance committed or done by the Person or Persons on whole Ground or Grounds, Wade or Wades, the same shall be built, or who shall contract with or give Liberty to the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to erect, make, or build any such Wotks, or other Matters or Things in or upon his, her, ox their Ground or Grounds or Wades, nor by any Person or Persons claiming or to claim by, from, or under him, her, or them, or any of them.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, having the Rule or Command of any Ship, Keel, Boat, or other Vessel, shall put, lay, or moor or anchor the f^me in any Part of the said River, Port or Haven, so astoobdruft or hinder the Navigation of the said River, or the Passage of any other Ship, Keel, Boat, or other Vessel, or the carrying on the Works to be done in pursuance of this Act, and shall not immediately, or as soon as may be after (Notice to remove the lame, given by any Agent or Servant to be appointed by the said Commissioners, or [Ltc. & Per.] 9 by.

797

Time of patting this Act, itC.

Nuifonceamar bepnnished at common Law.

Stepping the P^llitgc or hindering the WorU

7q8 4-9° GGEORGII III. Ccip.^-x.

by any other Person concerned in navigating any Ship, Keel, Boat or other Vessel, so obstructed, remove such Ship, Keel, Boat, or other Vessel; he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay Five Shillings for the first Hour, and a Sum not exceeding Five Shillings an Hour^ for every other Hour such Ship, Keel, Boat, or other Vessel, shall continue to obstruct the Navigation of the said River, or the Passage of any Ship, Keel, Boat, or other Vessel, or the carrying on of the said Works, after such Notice to remove the same as aforesaid; and it shall be lawful for the Agents or Servants of the said Commissioners to remove, or cause to be removed, any such Ship, Keel, Boat, or other Vessel, in such Manner as shall be necessary for avoiding any Obstruction in the said Navigation, or the Passage of Ships, Keels, Boats, and Vessels, or in the carrying on of the said Works, and to detain such Ship, Keel, Boat, or other Vessel so removed, and the Loading and Tackle thereof, or any Part thereof, until the Charges of such Removal, and the Sum anil Sums of Money to be forfeited as aforesaid, are paid and satisfied.

L. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Person and Persons authorised and appointed in pursuance of this Act, to be and aft as Haven-master or Haven-masters within the said Port of Sunderland, and in the said River, within the Limits aforesaid, to order and require all and every Person or Persons having the Command or Rule of any Ship or Ships, Keel or Keels, Boat or Boat6, or other Vessel' or Vessels, coming or entering into, lying being, or abiding, within the said River, Port, or Haven, within the Limits of this Act, to lie, moor, and anchor the fame in such Place or Places within the said River, as the said Haven-master or Haven-masters for the Time being shall judge to be not injurious to the Navigation and Trade there, and as the said Haven-master or Haven-masters shall order or direct for that Purpose, and to alter or vary the same as may become necessary; and in case the Person or Persons then having the Command or Rule of any such Ship or Ships, Keel or Keels, Boat or Boats, or other Vessel or Vessels, or the Owner or Owners thereof, shall refuse or neg-left to remove the same as soon as may be after being required, and to lie, moor, or anchor the fame, as the said Haven-master or Haven-masters shall require, order, or direct, the said Person or Persons having such Rule or Command, and the Owner and Owners of every such Ship, Keel, Boat, or other Vessel, for every such Refusal or Neglect, shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds; and if shall and may be lawful to and for the said Haven-master or Haven-masters, or either of them, and such other Servants of the said Commissioners, as he or they shall call to his or their Assistance, to remove, or cause to be removed, the said Ship or Ships, Keel or Keels, Boat or Boats, or other Vessel or Vessels, in such Manner as may be necessary for the avoiding any Obstruction to the Trade or Navigation in the said River, Port, or Haven; and the said Person or Persons, having such Rule or Command, or Owner, shall bear the Rifle and pay the Charge of removing the fame, after such Request and Refusal, or Neg-left, as aforesaid, to be recovered in such Manner as Fines and Penalties are herein-after directed to be recovered; and if any Person or Persons, having the Rule or Command, or Owner, or any other Person or Persons, whomsoever, shall obstruct or hinder the Removal of any such Ship, Keel*

Boat,

Power for the Havenmastera to regulate and direct the placing and moorirg of Ships in the Barbour.

799

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

Boat, or other Vessel, such Person or Persons shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds; and if the said Haven-masters, or either of them, or any other Person or Persons employed by the said Commissioners, shall wilfully abuse the Authority verted in him or them by the said Commissioners, for removing such Ships, Keels,

Boats, or other Vessels. and shall be adjudged so to have done by the Commissioners at any of their Public Meetings, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners to impose any Fine or Penalty on the Person or Persons so offending, not exceeding One hundred Pounds.

LI. And, for raising the Money necessary for the Purposes of this Act, Duties, be it further enacted, That every Coal-owner, for the Time being, and their Fitters and Coal Fadors, shall severally and respectively pay for all Coals and Cinders, to be lied and brought to the said River, between South Biddick or Biddick Ford, and the said Port and Haven of Sunderland, and from the Staith or Staiths, Place or Places, there made or erected, or to be made or erected, call, or delivered on board any Ship, Boat, Keel, Barge,

Lighter, or other Vessel, the several and respective Sums herein after mentioned; and also shall severally and respectively pay for all Coals and Cinders to be led and brought to the said River, between South Biddick or Biddick Ford, and the City of Durham, and from any Staith or Staiths,

Place or Places, there made or erected, or to be made or erected, cart or delivered, on board of any Ship, Boat, Keel, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, and navigated, carried, or conveyed down the said River to the said Port of Sunderland, or any Part of the said River below South Biddick or Biddick Ford aforesaid, the several and respective Sums herein-after mentioned; that is to say, the Coal Owners respectively, any Sum not' exceeding Four-pence Half-penny for every Chaldron of such Coals and Cinders (reckoning Seventy-two Winchester Burtiels to each Chaldron); and the said Fitters or Coal Fadors respectively, any Sum not exceeding One Penny Halfpenny for every Chaldron of such Coals or Cinders (such Measure as aforesaid); and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity; the said respective Sums to be fixed from Time to Time at the Commissioners’ General Meeting, held in July yearly, previous to which said General Meeting, Notice shall be given in One of the Newspapers published at Ueivcqjlle-upon-Tyne, of the Intention of the said Duties being to be taken into Consideration, and Sums to be fixed for the ensuing Year at such General Meeting.

LII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That the said Com- Comm;/fion-missioners shall have Power to recover and receive such Duties as shall be ers may col-due at the Time of parting this Act, and which shall arise or become due d^duc under the said recited Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, until the Thirtieth Day of June next inclusive, for all Coals or Cinders brought or led to the said River, and delivered at any Staith or Staiths in the several Limits last aforesaid, or either of them; and shall have the like Powers for ascertaining, collecting, levying, and raising the fame, as iterein-after is given for ascertaining, collecting, levying, and raising the Duties hereby made payable, any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LIII. And#

8oo

For ascertaining the Quantities of Coals liable to Duty.

Itepresenta-tirea liable to t)utiea>

Iiemption from Duties.

49° GEORGII. HI. Cap. 41.

LIII. And, for the better Discovery of the true and exact Quantities of such Coals, and Cinders, and that the Duties hereby granted and made payable for the fame, may be duly collected, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and may, if they think fit, by their Warrant or Warrants, or Summons under their Hands, Twice in every Year summon, or cause to be summoned, and they are hereby authorized to summon the Staithman and Staithmen of such Coal Owners, or any other Person or Persons employed or concerned in and about the Management of any Collieries, or in keeping the Books of Account relating thereto, to appear before them at such Day and Place as they shall appoint (whereof Summons or Notice by the Space of Ten Days at the lead at their Iaft Place of Abode shall be given), then and there to be examined on Oath by the said Commissioners, touching the Quantities of Coals and Cinders respectively from Time to Time call or delivered on board of any Ship, Boat, Keel, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel as aforesaid, by each Staithman, or such other Person or Persons so employed or concerned respectively as aforesaid, and the several Rates and Duties made payable by this Act, for and in respect of such Coals and Ciuders respectively, shall be deemed due and payable for and according to the Quantities which, upon such Examination, shall appear to have been so call or delivered respectively as aforesaid.

LIV. And be it further enacted, That the Representatives of the said Coal Owners, and Coal Fitters or Pallors, respectively, shall be liable to the Duties due at the Death of such Coal Owners, or Fitters, or Coal Factors, respectively, as shall die before the Quantities of Coals and Cinders respectively shall be ascertained, or the Payment of the said Duties shall be made.

LV. Provided also. That all Cinders to be burnt from Coals subject to the Duties herein-before mentioned, shall not be liable to or pay the Duties hereby imposed or made payable for Cinders on their being put on board of any Ship, Boat, Keel, or other Vessel, in order to their being exported or water-borne to any other Place; and all'o, that no Duty or Sutn of Money shall be paid for any such Coals or Cinders that shall be loft in any Keel or Boat sunk in the said River or Port, or within Seven Fathoms at low Water beyond the Bar of the said River, within the Limits first herein-before mentioned, or for any Coals that (halt be used or consumed in making Salt, Glass, Glass Bottles, Vitriol, Copperas, Earthen Ware, Bricks, Tiles^ and burning Limc-stone into Lime, within the Limits of the said River, Port, or Haven, fa as the Owners, Proprietors, or Consumers of such Coals and Cinders shall and do respectively, on their being thereunto respectively required by his or their own Oath or Oaths, or the Oath or Oaths of any other Person or Persons, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, at their public Meetings respectively prove that such Cinders, so exempted as aforesaid, were burnt from Coals for which such Duties as aforesaid were or had been paid, or that such Coals or Cinders so exempted as aforesaid were loft as aforesaid, or were or had been used orconfumed in making Salt, Glass, Glass Bottles, Vitriol, Copperas, Earthen Ware, Bricks, Tiles, or in burning Lime-ltones into Lime, within the Limits of the said River, Port, or Haven.

LVI. And:

42° GEORGII III. Cap. 41. 801

LVI. And if such Staichman or Staithmen, or other Person or Persons ke

reflectively so to be summoned to appear before the said Commissioners at staitiimen.Sc. their next public Meeting, shall refuse or neglect to appear, or refuse to be *ir> not appear, examined on Oath before the said Commissioners, then and in such Case the said Commissioners shall and may, ajad are hereby empowered to administer an Oath to the Owners, Fitters, or Consumers of such Coals, or any of them, in case they lljall be willing to take the fame; and also to any other Person or Persons, touching the Quantities of such Coals and Cinders so led and delivered or consumed; and if such Coal Owners, Fitters, or Consumers, shall refuse or neglect to take such Oath, that then the said Commissioners shall and may charge such Coal-Owners, or the Mahers of such Staithmen, and also the Fitters or Consumers, with such Sum and Sums of Money as the said Commissioners shall think fit, not exceeding the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence/cr Chaldron upon such Coal Owners and Consumers, and {sixpence per Chaldron upon such Fitters, for any Quantity not exceeding Fifty thousand Chaldrons, upon any one Coal Owner, Fitter, or Consumer, in any one Year, as the said Commissioners shall think fit to be raised, levied, and applied as.i^nalties are hereinafter directed to be raised, levied and applied.

LVn. And be it further enacted, That it shall and maybe lawful to Tot nape Dn-and for the said Commissioners, and to and for such Person or Persons as they final 1 appoint in that Behalf, from Time to Time, on every Voyage, to Port, demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, of and from every Mailer or Owner of every Ship or Vessel entering or coming into or using the said Port of Sunderland, (except only such Ships or Vessels as shall enter and come into the said Port of Sunderland for Safety and Refuge only, and shall deparc again from the same Port without taking in any fresh loading there), a Rate or Duty of One Penny for every Ton of the Burthen of every such Ship or Vessel, (the Amount of the Number of Tons Tonmge to of each and every of such Ships or Vessels to be ascertained according to the Rules laid down by an Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His zsg 3. present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation), and which said Rate or Duty shall not be paid or payable for the fame Ship or Vessel oftener than Three Times in any one Year, commencing on the First Day of July; and the same shall be payable and paid, exclusive of and over and above any other Rates or Duties which are herein-after imposed or made payable by virtue of this Act; and that the said Rate or Duty lo to be paid j»y Owners and AppVcition of Matters of Ships and Vessels as aforesaid, shall be applied by or under the the MoMy-Direction of the said Commissioners, for the Purpose of scouring and deepening the said River, and placing and repairing Buoys and Moorings within the same, and also for placing and repairing Buoys and Moorings for Vessels used in the Lime Trade, and for the other Purposes of this Act, which said Rate or Duty shall be paid at the Office of His Majesty's Customs (or the said Port of Sunderland; and no Ship or Vessel shall be cleared at or depart from the said Port of Sunderland before the said Rate or Duty is paid.

LVIII. And forasmuch as the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act rr.werto bo> will not be sufficient for the speedy eilefting the Works aforesaid, and it [_Loc. Per.'] p R wi.i

So2 49* GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

will be necessary for the Commissioners to borrow and take up at Interest Money for the more effectual and speedy carrying on, completing, and finishing the fame, be it therefore further enacted, That the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, (whereof the Chairman for the'lime being to be one), shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and empowered, from Time to Time, by Writing under their respective Hands and Seals, to grant, assign, make over, or charge the Duties hereby granted or made payable, or any Part or Parts thereof (the Costs and Charges of making and aligning of which to be paid out of the Duties aforesaid), for all or any Part of the Time or Term for which the same are granted and made payable, as a Security for the Sum or Sums of Money to be by them borrowed for the Uses and Purposes herein mentioned, to fuel) Person or Persons, or his or their Trustee or Trustees, who shall advance and lend the fame, to secure the Re-payment thereof, with Interest for the fame, not exceeding the Interest allowed to be taken on borrowed Money.

/ffignment of

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the Form of every Alignment

Duties. of the Duties arising by virtue of this present Act, as a Security for any Sum or Sums of Money to be borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, shall be in the Words following, or by any other Words to that Purpose; videlicet,

* T) Y virtue of an Act passed in the Fofty-ninth Year of the Reign of ‘ His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [here set forth the

* Title of this A£l~\ We C.D. E. F. and G. Five of the Commissioners appointed by or in pursuance of the said Act, do, in Consideration of the c Sum of advanced and lent

c by A.B. upon the Credit and for the Purposes of the said Act, hereby t assign one Part of the Duties arising by virtue of the same Act,

, unto the said A.B. his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to have, ( hold, and enjoy the fame from henceforth, as a Security for and until the t said Sum of with Interest after the

< Rate of per Hundred Pounds for One Year, shall be repaid.’

And all and every Person and Persons to whom any such Assignment or Alignments shall be made by the said Commissioners, shall be equally entitled to his or their Proportion of the said Duties, according to their respective Surrys in such Alignments mentioned to be advanced, to secure the Re-payment thereof, with such Interest as therein specified, without any Preference by reason of Priority of Assignment, or any other Matter whatsoever; and Entries or Memorandums of every such Assignment, containing the Dates, Names of the Parties, and Sums borrowed, shall be made in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk or Treasurer, and shall and may be inspected at all seasonable Times by all Persons whomsoever, without Fee or Reward; and all and every Person and Persons to whom such Assignment or Alignments shall be made as aforesaid, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured, may from Time to Time transfer or assign over his, her, or their Right, Title, and Interest, to the Principal and Interest Money thereby secured, to any Person or Persons whomsoever, by Indorsement on the Back of such Se-

9 curity.

803

49® GGEORGII III. Cap.\u

curity, or other Writing to be annexed thereto, signed in the Presence of, and attested by Two or more credible Witness'es in the Words following, or to the like Effect:

* T transfer this (or the annexed) Alignment, with all my Right and

* Tide to the Principal Money hereby (or thereby) secured, and all the

c Interest now due to C.D. his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns. 1 Dated this Day of

* Witness E. F. A. B.

G.H.

Which said Transfer or Alignment shall be produced and notified to the ■Clerk or Treasurer for the Time being, who shall register and enter the fame in the said Book or Books to be kept for entering the fame original Assignment, for doing whereof he shall be paid One Shilling by the Person requesting the fame; and after such Entry thereof made, and not till then, every such Transfer shall entitle such Assignee, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignees may in like Manner transfer or assign again, and so tcties quoties, such Transfer being entered and paid for as aforesaid; and it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who shall have made such Assignment or Transfer, to make void, release, or discharge the fame, or any Money due thereon.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners shall make or cause to be made, fair and regular Entries in one or more Book or Books to be by them kept for that Purpose, of all Rules, Orders, Decrees, Judgements, and Constitutions, Acts, Matters, and Things, that shall be made, had, and done, in pursuance or by virtue of this Act; and that true Copies of such Entries remaining with the proper Officer or Officers, duly proved, shall be good and sufficient Evidence of the said Entries, and of the several Acts, Matters, and Things therein contained, in all Courts of Record and other Courts whatsoever; and that they the said Commissioners shall keep or cause to be kept, fair, distinct, and regular Accounts of the Receipts and Disbursements of all and every Sutn and Sums of Money, which shall be at any Time hereafter received and disbursed by them, or any Officer or Officers to be by them appointed and employed; and that all and every Person and Persons whatsoever shall and may, at proper and seasonable Times, have the Inspection of all or any of such Book or Books, without paying any Fee or Reward for the fame; and Copies thereof may be taken by any Person or Persons whomsoever, paying to the Clerk of the Commissioners Sixpence for every One hundred Words, provided that no Order or Proceedings to be made or had by virtue of this Act, in relation to the Premises, shall be quashed or vacated for want of Form only.

LXI. And, for the preventing Ballast Keels being sunk in the said River from their being overloaded, or the Keehnen being under the Necessity of casting out of or from the same, a Part of the Loading thereof, into the River, Port, or Haven, be it further enacted, That every’ Ballast Keel, and every Boat or other Vessel used in the said River, Port, and Haven, for the carrying and unloading of Ballast, shall, when loaded, swim at least

Form of Transfer of Security.

Proceeding to be entered.

Proceedings not to be quashed for want of Form on y.

To prevent Skippers, Src. from overloading their Keels used for Ballast.

?C4

Xicence to be granted to Skippers of jBallaft Keels.

Skippers, Sic-■to give security,

Owner's Name to be on the Keel*

Ballast Keels to be weighed.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

Twelve Inches above the Water, from the Upper Edge of the Bind in every Part thereof; and if any Owner or Owners, Skipper or Skippers, of such Ballast Keels or other Vessels shall load or take on beard, or cause, permit, or suffer, to be loaded or taken on board his or their respective Ballast Keels or Vessels, such and so great a Quantity of Ballast, Sand, Gravel, Rubbish, or other gross Matter, that the fame when-loaded shall not swim at least Twelve Inches above the Waier from the Upper Edge of the Bind, in every Part thereof, he and they shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXII. And, for the preventing of Ballast being cast and unloaded from and out of Ballast Keels, and other Vessels carrying Ballast, into the said River or on the Land adjoining thereto, below the full Sea and Tide Mark, be it further enacted, That the Owner and Skipper of every such Keel or Vessel shall take out a Licence, under- the Hand of the Chairman of the Commissioners for the Time being, which the said Chairman is hereby authorized and empowered to grant; and in case any Owner or Skipper, or any Person or Persons having the Command of any such Keel or Vessel, shall take on board or permit or suffer to be loaded or taken on board his or their Keel or Vessel, any Ballast, Sand, Gravel, Rubbish, or other gross Matter, in order to convey or navigate the fame on the said River, without first obtaining such Licence, shall forfeit and pay not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Owner and Skipper shall at the Time of obtaining such Licence, enter into and give Bond to the Chairman of the said Commissioners for the Time being, in the penal Sum of Fifty Pounds, that they or either of them shall not cast or unload, nor shall or will permit or suffer to be cast or unloaded, out of or from his or their Keel or Vessel, any Ballast, Sand, Gravel, Rubbish, or other gross Matter, into the said River, within the Limits of this Act, or on the Lands contiguous thereto, favc upon the Lands above the full Sea or Tide Mark, or upon fomc Quay or Staith already built higher than the Flux of the Tide; and on breach of the Condition of the said Bond, the Commissioners may put the fame in Suit in the Name of the said Chairman, his Executors or Administrators; and the Penalty of such Bond, when recovered, to be applied and disposed of as other Penalties and Forfeitures are herein-after directed to be applied and disposed of.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Owner, Master, or Skipper of every Ballast Keel, or other Vessel carrying Ballast, shall cause the Christian and Surname or Names of the Owner to be set thereon in Capital Letters, with white Paint, on forne conspicuous Part on each of the Outsides thereof, and higher than the same shall fink into the Water when loaded; and every such Owner, Master, or Skipper, neglecting or refusing so to do, or using any Ballast Keel, or such other Vessel, not having the fame thereon, shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That every Ballast Keel and other Vessel used for carrying Ballast, shall be weighed, when required by any

V. Person

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 41. 805

Person interested, in the Presence of the Engineer of the said Commissioners, and have Nails placed therein to distinguish the Weight, and shall, when not loaden, swim below the Nails placed lowed therein; and if any Owner or Owners, Mader or Maders, Skipper or Skippers, of such Keels or other Vessels, shall use or navigate the fame on the said River, without their being so weighed, or if, when the said Keels or Vessels are not loaden, the same shall swim above the said1 Jo wed Nails, orlhall remove, or permit or fufter to be removed, the faithNfuls, after being so placed therein as aforesaid, every Person so offending in any of the said Cafes shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence. any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXVL. And be it further enacted, That every Keel, Boat, Barge, Coal Keels to Lighter, or other Vessel, used for carrying and conveying of Coals down the said River to the said Port of Sunderland, shall be entered in the Office numbered? of the Engineer, and have such Mark and Number placed thereon as the said Commissioners shall think fit and direct, in the mod conspicuous Part thereof, for the knowing the same to be used for the carrying of Coals, for discovering and convicting the Owner or Skipper thereof offending against this Act; and if any Owner or Skipper shall make use of any Keel,

Boat, Barge, Lighter, or other Vessel, for the carrying of Coals on the said River, not being so marked and numbered, or if any Person shall wilfully deface the said Mark or Number so placed as aforesaid, or shall carry, or permit, or suffer Ballad to be carried therein, every Person so offending in any of the Cafes aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXVII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons whomsoever. To prevent upon any Pretence whatsoever, shall and do cad and unload out of or from any Ship, Keel, Boat, or other Vessel, any Ballad, Sand, Stones, Rubbish, ??m?°intVthe Wreck, Filth, Gravel, or other gross Subdance into the said Haven, nearer Ww-to the Mouth of the said River than Rock Lodge, on or towards the North-ead or Hendon Lodge, on or towards the South or within Five Fathoms at low Water, between the said Reck Lodge and Hendon Lodge aforesaid, or within the Limits of this Act, or any other Part of the said Port, or shall * cad out of or from any Ship, Boat, or other Vessel, or out of or from any Carriage whatsoever, or of or from any Quay, Yard, Place or Ground adjoining to or near the said River, into the said River or Port within the lame Limits, or shall dig and remove from out of one Part of the said River and cad into another Part thereof, any Soil, Ballad, Sand, Stones, Rubbish,

Wreck, Filth, Gravel, Coal Aihes, or other gross Subdance whatsoever, save upon the Land above the full Sea and Tide-mark, or upon some Quay or Staith already built or hereafter to be built higher than the Flux of the Tide, that then and in every such Case, as well the Person having the Command or Rule of any Ship or Skipper of any Keel, Boat or other Vessel, out of or from which any Ballad, Sand, Stones, Rubbish, Wreck, Filth,

Gravel, Coal Aihes, Cinders, or other gross Matter, shall be cad or unloaded as aforesaid, as the other Person or Persons so offending, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

9 5

\Loc. C iVr.]

8o6

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

To prevent LX

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Per-

wUhou?*llaft sons who shall, from and after the passing of this Act, call or unload out of soit Sail. any Ship, Keel, Boat, or other Vessel, any Gravel, Stones, Rubbish, Ballalt, Wreck, Filth, or other gross Substance; and all and every Captain, Maher, or Person or Persons having the Command dr Rule of any Ship, or any Skip, per of any Keel, Boat, or other Vessel,'6'lit of or from which any Gravel, Stones, Ballalt, Rubbish, Wreck, FiltH or other gross Substance shall be call or unloaded into any Keel or other Vessel, or upon any Wharf, Staith, or Ballalt, or other Quay within the said River, Port, or Haven, not having a Wooden Stage or Port Sail sufficiently large, fattened from such Ship or Ships, Keel or Keels, or other Vessel or Vessels, to the upper Edge or highest Part of the Wharf, Staith, or Ballalt Quay, or other Quay or Quays; or any Keel, Boat, or other Vessel into which such Ballalt and other gross Substance shall be so cast or unloaded, during the Time of his or their calling or unloading, so as to prevent the falling of any Sand, Gravel, Stones, Ballalt, Rubbish, Wreck, Filth, or other gross Substance into the said River,

, Port, or Haven, within the Limits aforesaid, shall forfeit and pay for the first Offence a Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, and for the second and every other Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

To prevent

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Occupiers or on'tlfe Qu?y« Tenants of Ballalt Quays, or other Quay or Quays adjoining the said too near the River, within the Limits aforesaid, who shall fuft’er or permit Gravel, tdfe- Sand, Stones, Ballalt, Rubbish, Wreck, Filth, or other gross Substance,

to be call or placed thereon, to be or remain nearer the Edge or Front of the said Ballalt Quay, or other Quay or Quays, than Three Feet after the Time of calling or placing the fame, and after such Stage or Port Sail shall be removed from the said Quay or Quays, or shall cause to be call, thrown, or laid in or so near any Runner or Watercourse upon or adjoining to the said Quay or Quays, as that the fame may be washed into the River, to the Prejudice . thereof, he or they shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

Bali-^HiSs

LXX. And be it further enacted, That no Occupier or Occupiers >.eing placed of any Ballalt Quay or Quays adjoining the said River, within the said too near the Limits, shall lay or place any Ballalt, Sand, Stones, Rubbish, Wreck, Filth, or other gross Substance, in large Quantities, or where the fame is intended to remain in Hills or Heaps nearer to the Front of the said Quay or Quays than Ten Yards, and no Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands adjoining or contiguous to the said River, shall lay or place any Ballad, Sand, Stones, Rubbish, Wreck, Filth, or other gross Substance in Manner aforesaid, upon their respective Lands nearer than Twenty Y ards above the High-water Mark; and every Occupier or Occupiers of such Quay or Quays, or of such Lands respectively, laying or placing the fame nearer the Front of the said Quay or Quays, or nearer to the High-water Mark than the above Distances respectively, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

■ 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 41. 807

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Engineer to Engineer of the said Commissioners, and such Person or Persons as tas'^Zc.^" he shall appoint, by the Direction of the said Commissioners, from rune to Time to remove all such Sand, Gravel, Stones, Ballad, Rub-bifli, Wreck, Filth, or other gross Substance, which shall be cad, laid, or placed on any Ballad Quay, or other Quay or Quays, or Place or Places adjoining to the said River Wear, in case the Occupier or Tenant or Occupiers or Tenants of the said Ballad' Quay, or other Quay or Quays, or Place or Places where the same shall happen to be, shall neglect to remove the fame within the Space of Three Days next after the fame Sand, Gravel, Stones, Ballad, Rubbish, Wreck,

Filth, or other gross Subdance, shall be so cad, laid, or placed upon any Ballad Quay, or other Quay or Quays, or Place or Places adjoining to the said River Wear, (the Charges of removing the fame being settled by the said Commissioners), shall be paid by such Occupier or Tenant, or Occupiers or Tenants neglecting or refusing to remove such Sand, Gravel, Stones, Ballad, Rubbish, Wreck, Filth, or other gross Subdance as aforesaid, to be recovered in such Manner as Fines and Penalties are hereafter directed to be recovered.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That no Ship, Keel, Boat, or Ships and other Vessel in the said River, Port, or Haven, shall be moored to,

nor have any Rope or Ropes made fad or fixed to any Buoy or fattened to

Buoys fixed or placed, or to be fixed or placed in the said River, or

Port, or Haven, or to the small Chain or Chains from the Buoy to the great mooring Ring; and every Mader or other Person having

the Rule or Command of any Ship, Keel, Boat, or other Vessel

so moored, or having the Ropes made fad or fixed to any of the said Buoy or Buoys, Chain or Chains, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

LXXIII. And, for preventing Damage to the Ships and Vessels in the Cannon or said River and to the Town of Sunderland by Fire, and other Acci- bc^red'from dents that may happen by the discharging or firing of Cannon and ships or Vei-other Guns, on board of Ships or Vessels in the said River, be it fe|®e‘n the further enacted, That no Cannon or Cannons, or other Gun or Guns, 'v r'

shall be fired or discharged on board of any Ships or Vessels when in the said River, Port, or Haven, and that the Mader, or other Person or Persons having the Command or Rule of any Ship or Vessel on board of which any Cannon or other Gun shall be so fired, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LXXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said CommissioHers shall Gunpowder and may erect and build in such convenient Place, near the Mouth of onboard of"1 the said River Wear, as they shall think fit, a Storehouse or Maga- shipswiuter-zine for the placing and safe keeping of Gunpowder belonging to v"r 'but to*'* Ships or Vessels to be laid up to Winter in the said River and Port depositedln a of Sunderland aforesaid, and to pay and defray the Expence thereof brcb01-jfe out of the Duties granted and made payable by this Act; and every thall’urpofeT Owner, and Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of Ships it and

8o8 49® GEO R.GII III. Cap. +i.

and Vessels within the said River and Port, laid up therein for the Winter, shall deposit the Gunpowder which shall be on board of his and their said Ships and Vessels, in going into the said River and Port, within the said Storehouse or Magazine during the Winter; and any Owner, Matter, or Person or Persons having the Rule or Command of any Ship or Vessel which shall come into the said River and Port, and proceed up the River to her Station for the Winter, without having first deposited the Gunpowder which shall be on board of the said Ship or Vessel in the said Storehouse or Magazine, shall pay and forfeit a Sum not exceeding the Sum of Ten Pounds.

Pitch, &c. not LXXV. Be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons e° boikd on having £he Rule or Command of any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, board vdi'cls. lying or being in the said River, shall heat or boil, or permit or suffer to be heated or boiled, any Pilch, Tar, or Rosin, or any Composition of that Nature on board of his or their respective Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, otherwise than with an Iron Instrument commonly called a Loggerhead, he or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds.

For weighing

LXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Ship, Boat, Keel, VefleUfank. or other Vessel shall happen to be sunk in the said River, Port, or Haven, and the Owner, Mailer, or Person or Persons having the Care or Management thereof, do not, within the Space of Twenty-four Hours, weigh or draw up the fame again, and hale the fame out of the Way of other Vessels passing and repaying in the said River, Port, and Haven, or within that Time give sufficient Security to the Chairman of the said Commissioners for so doing, and remove the fame within Seven Days, or at the next Spring Tides, then it shall be lawful for the Engineer or Haven Master, Agent or Agents, Servant or Servants of the said Commissioners, to weigh, draw up, and hale the fame out of the Way of other Vessels passing and repassing in the said River, Port, and Haven, and to detain and keep the fame, and her Rigging, Tackle, and Loading, if preserved, till Payment of all Expences occasioned thereby; and if Payment thereof be not made in Five Days after the same shall be so drawn or weighed up, then it shall be lawful for the said Engineer or Haven Master, Agent or Agents, Servant or Servants, to fell such Vessel, her Rigging and Tackle, or a competent Part thereof, for reimbursing the said Expences and other Charges of weighing and drawing up and haling out of the Way, detaining, keeping, and felling the fame, returning the Overplus, if any, to the Owner, Master, or Person or Persons having the Management of such Ship, Boat, Keel, or Vessel before (he was sunk.

shi^beirr-

LXXVII. And whereas the Lights by and from the several Lime milled by ? ire Kilns on the Land adjoining the Sea near to the said Port of Sun-ofA-tmeKiins. C{erianc{ may niiflead Masters, Mariners, and Pilots having the care of Ships and Vessels belonging to and using the said Port, whereby great Damage and Loss may be occasioned to such Ships and Vessels, be 2 it

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 41. 809

it therefore enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and their Servants and Workmen, to enter into and upon the said Lands, to build, or cause to be builr, sufficient Wall or Walls before such Lights there, so as to prevent the said Lights from being seen at Sea, and the Occupiers of such Lands shall keep the said Walls in repair so long as such Lime Kilns shall be used; and in case the Owners or Occupiers shall obstruct or hinder the said Commissioners, or their Servants or Workmen, in entering into and upon the said Lands, or in building such Wall or Walls, or shall not keep the fame, after built, in Repair as aforesaid, he, she, or they shall forfeit a Sum not exceeding Ten Pounds.

LXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons obstructing whomsoever shall at any Time or Times obstruct, hinder or molest the Engineer, Haven Master or Haven Matters, Workman or Workmen,

Labourer or Labourers, or other Person or Persons whatsoever who is or shall be employed, or aiding in Performance or Execution of their Duty under this Act, or in the Works to be done and carried on in pursuance thereof, or in any other Matter relating thereto, (other than as herein-before provided for and with respect to the Appointment, Regulation, Direction, and well-conducting of Ships and VessJs into, out of or whilst within the said River, and the Keels, Boats, and other Vessels therein), every such Person so offending, for the first Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of Five Pounds, and for the second Offence, the Sum of Ten Pounds, and for the third and every other Offence, the Sum of Twenty Pounds.

LXXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That if any Com- Commissi-missioner shall by virtue of this Act be accused before the Commissioners er not to fit present at any of their Public Meetings, for any of the Offences herein ownCa'e. '* mentioned, such Commissioner so accused shall not fit, vote or otherwise act as a Commissioner in any such Case, or in any Case when or where he or his Interest shall be any way concerned.

LXXX. And be it further enacted, That each of the said Commission- commissionrr ers, who shall be a Justice of the Peace for the County of Durham, may ^nga^tice and is hereby empowered to act as a Justice in the Execution of this Act, 38

notwithstanding his being at the same Time a Commissioner.

LXXI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or Commissioti-any Five or more of them, shall and may take the Affidavit or Oath of any of the Sheriffs Bailiffs or the Bailiff of the said Commissioners, or any to prove' fer’*. other Person or Persons, or any Officer or Officers, Agent or Servant of °^ro' the said Commissioners, for or concerning the due Service or Execution cc * of Proeeffes, Warrants, Summonses, or Orders which shall or may be made or awarded by or entered or hied before the said Commissioners or any Five of them.

LXXXII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons giving Persons who, in any Examination, or upon any Oath directed to be taken [^be^ubl* and made determined by virtue of this Act, shall swear fallely before any Person or to Perjury.

Persons hereby empowered to take such Examination or administer such Oath, shall and may be prosecuted for the fame, and being convicted thereof shall be subject and liable to such and the fame Pains, Penalties,

" [Lac. & Per.] 9T Punishments,

8io

For rewarding Informers.

Information to be given in Six Months, and Prosecution in la Isionlns.

No Order to be repealed unless Eleven Commissioners jirefent.

The Manner of levying Penalties-

49° GEORGII III. Cap+i*

Punishments, and Forfeitures, as any Person or Persons can, shall, or may be subject or liable to, for wilful and-corrupt Perjury by any of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

LXXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered, from "l ime to Time, to reward any Informer or Informers as they shall think proper, so as no such Reward do exceed the Penalty or Forfeiture, if under Five Pounds and do not exceed one Moiety of the Penalties and Forfeitures it above Five Pounds arising from the Information of such Informer or Informers, any Thing herein contained to the contrary not with Handing.

LXXXIV. Provided nevertheless. That no Person or Persons whomsoever shall be punished for any of the Offences above mentioned, by him or them committed or done, contrary to this Act, unless Information thereof, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses, be made and given within the Space of Six Calendar Months, and the Prosecution for such Offence be within the Space of Twelve Calendar Months next after such Offence be committed.

LXXXV. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Order made by the said Commissioners, for or concerning the Execution of the Trusts, Powers, and Authorities of this Act, shall be revoked, repealed, or set aside by any subsequent Order of the said Commissioners, unless Twenty Days previous Notice shall be given in One of the Newspapers published at NewcaJile-upon-Tyne, of the Time and Place for taking the said Order into Consideration, as to the Propriety of revoking, repealing, or setting aside the fame, and Eleven Commissioners shall be present at the Meeting for that surpose.

LXXXVI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all Monies due at the Time of puffing this Act, in respect of the Duties payable under the said former Acts, or any of them, and also all Monies which shall become due in respect of the Duties payable under and by virtue of this Act; and also all and every the Penalties, Sum and Sums of Money which shall have been forfeited, or become payable under the said former Acts or any of them, or shall become due or payable by virtue of this present Act, shall and may from Time to Time be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, or other Person or Persons liable thereto, or who should or ought to pay the fame, or of any such Ship or Vessel in respect of which any of the said Rates and Duties are or shall be due and payable respectively; and all the Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture thereto belonging, or any Part thereof, by a Warrant or Warrants under the Hand and Seal or Hands and Seals of one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Durham, to be directed to the Constable of the Place where such Offence shall be committed, or such Duties, Penalties, Sum or Sums of Money shall become due, or are hereby made payable, or to the Bailiff of the said Commissioners, or any other Person or Persons whom the said Justice or Justices shall think proper; and in case the Party offending, or refusing, or neglecting to pay, shall not pay the Money for which such Goods and Chattels so to be distramed, and reasonable Charges of distraining and keeping the fame within 1 hree Days after such Distress on Proclamation made, that such

7 Distress

49? GEORGII III. Cap. 41. 811

■Distress is to be sold, the said Goods and Chattels so to be distrained, shall and may be forthwith sold by the Person or Persons making such Distress, thereout to raise and pay the Money so to be charged and payable, and the Surplus thereof, if any (after deducting the reasonable Charges of such distraining, keeping, and felling) shall be tendered and paid to the Owner, of the Goods so to be distrained, in which qafe no Replevin shall be granted or grantable, and in case a sufficient Did refs cannot be found, then the said Justice or Justices may, and is and are hereby authorized and empowered by Warrant or Warrants under his Hand and Seal, or their Hands and Seals, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the common Gaol of the said County, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize until such Penalties and Sum or Sums of Money so to be charged with reasonable Expences, occasioned by the Non-payment thereof, shall be fully paid and satisfied, or the said Offenders shall compound with the said Commissioners and pay such Composition Money and Charges, which Composition the said Commissioners are hereby empowered to make and receive: Provided always, that no Person shall be confined in the said Gaol above the Space ‘■of Six'Months for any of the Offences aforesaid.

LXXXVII. Provided nevertheless. That no Order, Warrant, or other Proceedings Proceedings to be had or made by, or before, any Justice or Justices of quaft^d for the Peace relating to the said Duties, or to any of the Penalties, Sum or want of For* Sums of Money which shall be forfeited, or shall become due or payable onl}'* by virtue of this Act, shall be quaffed or vacated for want of Form only; and that it shall and may be sufficient for fucl Justice and Justices to draw the Conviction of any Offender against this Act in the Form or to the Effect following:

Durham to wit

m ) T> E it remembered, that, on the J ■*-* in the Year of our Lord

is [or arej convicted before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County of Durham (specify the Duties, and when the fame became due, or the Offence, Penalty, Time, and Place, when and where the Offence was committed, as the Case shall be). Given under my Hand and Seal, or our Hands and Seals, the Day and Year first aforesaid.

Day of Form of

J Convictiox,

LXXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall D-.fty-r, ,nt be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, vvii n't of1’* the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, or the Party or Parties Form, dec. making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on Account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Summons, Conviction, or Warrant of Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers ab initio, on Account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties dif-training; but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity, shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXXXIX. And be it further enacted, That no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall Plaintiff not ■recover in any Action or Actions to be commenced against any Person or j'fs°1vcr Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act, unless Notice in Days Notice Writing shall have been given to the Defendant or Defendants Fourteen

Dajs 8 ’ c’

812 49* GGEORGII ILI. Cap. 41.

Days before such Action shall be commenced, of such intended Action, signed by the Attorney for the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, specifying the Cause 1 of such Action, nor shall the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs recover in any such Action, if Tender of sufficient Amends hath been made to him, her, or them, or his, her, or their Attorney, by or on the behalf of the Defendant or Defendants, before such Action shall have been brought; and in case no such Tender shall have been made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the De: ndant or Defendants, in such Action, by the leave of the Court, after such Action shall have been brought, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he, she, or they shall think fit, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgement shall be made and given in and by such Court, as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

offenders XC. And be it further enacted, That if the Captain, Mailer, or Person withdrawing. or Persons having the Rule or Comm id of any Ship or Vessel, or any other Person or Persons offending against any Part of this Act, or any Person or Persons liable to the said Duties hereby made payable, shall withdraw or retire, so as that no Warrant or Warrants can be served upon hint, her, or them, it shall be lawful for the said Commi Hioners to commence and prosecute an Action at Law in any Court of Record in the Name of their Chairman for the Time being, against the Captain, Master, or Person or Persons so offending, or Person or Persons liable to the said Duties or any of them, for the Recovery of the reipeflive Penalties, Forfeitures, Duties, and Sums of Money.

Application of XCI. And be it further enacted, That all and firgular the Duties hereby the Monies, granted, the Monies to be borrowed by Mortgage, and all Fines, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Sums of Money, to be set, imposed, paid, or levied, by virtue of this Act, not otherwise hereby directed to he applied or disposed1 of, shall be paid to such Person or Persons as by the said Commissioners shall be appointed and authorized to receive the same, and shall be applied in the first Place in Payment and Discharge ot all Expences incurred in and about the procuring and passing of this Act, and the Remainder of such Monies shall, from Time to Time, be applied in executing the feve-ralWoiksby this Act authorized to be done, and in Discharge of all necessary Expences in putting this Act in Execution, and in repaying the Money already borrowed or to be borrowed, and the Interest thereon; and all other Debts, or Sums of Money due, or to become due, under the' Authority of the former. Acts, or of this Act, or for the Purposes of this Act; and the several Duties and Sums of Money herein-before granted and made payable shall, for gnd during the Term by this Act granted, be and remain subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money which upon the passing of this Act shall be due and owing upon the Credit of the said recited Acts, or either of them; and also to the Payment of all Sums of Money which shall or may hereafter be borrowed or become due on the Credit of this present Act, together with all Interest then due, and which shall or may from Time to Time hereafter become due and payable for the lame respectively.

Power to XCII. And be it furtheb enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to

Taw* ar-rt for the said Commissioners, at any General Meeting appointed by this Act, to make, ordain, and establish such Bye-Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations,

8i 3

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.r.

lations, and Ordinances, for the better regulating of the said Port, and for the Security and Safety of the Works made and done by virtue of the said recited Acts, or to be made and done in pursuance, or by virue of this Act; and for the Appointment, Regulation, Direction, and well conducting of Ships and Vessels into, out of, or whilst within the said River and Port, and of the Keels, Boats, and other Vessels therein; and for railing Money sufficient for the Repair, Support, and Maintenance of the Haling Paths, by an equal Rate on the Owners or Skippers of all and every the Keels or Lighters on the said River, or any other Matter or Thing not herein-before particularly specified, as mall from Time to Time appear to be necessary and proper •, and to alter, vary, and repeal the fame, as Occasion shall be or require, and to impole reasonable Fines and Forfeitures for the Breach or Non-performance of such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Ordinances, so as no one Penalty or Forfeiture shall exceed Ten Pounds, which Fines and Forfeitures shall be recovered and levied as other Fines and Forfeitures by this Act inflicted or imposed, are hereby directed to be recovered and levied; and that all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Ordinances, and the Fines and Forfeitures for the Breach or Ncn-perfurrnance thereof, shall, from Time to Time, as often as they shall be made, altered, or varied, be put up, either in Print, or in Writing in a clear legible Hand, in the Guflom House of the said Port of Sunderland, and in such other Place or Places as the said Cotnmif-Ttoners shall appoint; and, upon Application, a. Copy thereof shall be delivered to the Owner, or Person or Persons having the Ride or Command of any Ship or Vessel requiring the fame, on Payment to the Haven Mailers or one of them, of the Sum of Sixpence for the fame, provided such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Ordinances be not inconsistent •with, or repugnant to, the Laws of that Part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, called England, or to the Directions in this Act contained, all such Bye Laws, Rules, Orders, Regulations, and Ordinances, and all Convictions for Offences against the fame, shall be subject to Appeal to the Quarter Sessions in the Manner herein-after provided.

XCIII. And whereas, the Commissioners acting in the Execution of the said recited Act of the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, have erected and built with Stone a Light House on the North Pier at Sunderland aforesaid, and have also erected and fixed with Wood a Light House on the South Pier at Sunderland aforesaid, from which said Light House the Owners, Masters, and Persons having the Command of Ships and Vessels trading to, and using the said Port of Sunderland have received, and may hereafter receive, considerable Benefit and Advantage; and have also received, and may hereafter receive, considerable Benefit and Advantage from the said Port of Sunderland, as a Place of Safety and Refuge in case of Storms or otherwise; be it further enacted, That for the Support and Maintenance of the said Light Houses and Lights, and for executing the Trulls of and concerning the same, and for carrying the other Purposes of this Act into Effect, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and to and for such Person or Persons as they shall appoint in that Behalf, to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, of and from every Owner or Mailer, or Person or Persons having the Rule and Command of every Ship or Vessel which shall enter and come into the said River Wear, or Port of Sunderland, once in every Voyage, the Duty or Sum of One Shilling for each such Ship or Vessel, and also the Sum of |~Loc. y Per.~\ 9 17—X One

Light House and Refuge Duties.

814

CcjlleAor to keep Accounts of Money received

Collector to enter nto and admeafute Ships.

Periods oh-ti meting the Measure of Ships to be failed-

49° GEORGII III. Cap. v.

One Farthing for every Two Tons of the Burthen of every such Ship or Vessel, to be ascertained as herein-before is directed with respect to Ships and Vessels liable to the other Tonnage Duties imposed by this Act, save and except as herein after is provided with respect to Ships or Vessels employed in the Lime Trade; and also to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken of and from the Mailer or Owner ol every Ship or Vessel whatsoever, which shall enter and come into the said River Wear, or Port of Sunderland, for Safety or Retuge only, and shall depart again from the same Port without taking in any fresh Loading there, a Rate or Duty of Three Half-pence for every Ton of the Burthen of every such Ship or Vessel, to be ascertained as aforesaid, when and as often as the same shall so enter and come into the said River Wear or Port ol Sunderland for Safety or Refuge only, and shall depart again from the same Port without taking in any fresh Loading there as aforesaid, which laid last mentioned Rates or Duties shall be paid at the Office ol His Majesty's Customs for the said Port of Sunderland; and no Ship or Vessel liable to the said last-mentioned Rates or Duties shall be cleared at or depart from the said Port of Sunderland, till the fame Rates or Duties are paid; and the same shall be applied in the Support and Maintenance of the lain Light Houses and Lights respectively, and for the other Purposes of this Act 5 provided, that the Owners of Ships or Vessels engaged in the Lime Trade shall, and may make an Annual Composition for each Ship or Vessel so employed with the said Commissioners, and the said Commissioners are herthy authorized and required to compound with such Owners accordingly.

XC. 1V. And, to the Intent that the several Rates and Duties by this Act imposed and made payable at the Office of His Majesty's Customs at the said Port of Sunderland may be effectually collected and received, for the Purposes aforesaid, be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners, or any Eleven or more of them, shall from Time to Time appoint at the said Port of Sunderland a Collector of the Rates and Duties by this Act granted, which Collector is hereby required to collect and receive the lame, and such Collector shall keep a fair and true Account thereof, and once in every Three Months, if required; pay the same to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint or direct to receive the same; and if any Collector so appointed as aforesaid, filial I refuse or neglect to collect, or shall make any wilful Default in collecting the said Rates or Duties, or any of them, or shall not keep a fair and true Account thereof as aforesaid, or shall not pay the fame over from Time to i ime, according to the Directions of this Act, then, and in every such Case, such Person so offending shall forfeit and pay not exceeding Fifty Pounds lor every such Neglect or Default, to be recovered, levied, and applied 111 Manner by this Act directed.

XCV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Collector for the Time being of the said Rates or Duties, and the Mailer or other Person hating the Charge or Command of any Foreign Ship or Vessel, charged with the said Rates or Duties, cannot otherwise agree about and adjust the Tonnage of such Ship or Vessel, that then, and so often it shall be lawful for tile laid Collector from Time to Time, and at all Times convenient and reasonable, to enter into such Ship or Vessel, and to admeal'ure the lame according to the Directions of this Act; and if any Commander or other Officer of any Ship or Vesstl, or any other Person whoinioever, shall obstruct or hinder

• any

4.9* GGEORGII III. Cap. 41.

any Person or Persons employed by the said Commissioners, or by the said Collector, to admeasure any Ship or Vessel in pursuancq of this Act, in order to ascertain the Duty hereby charged, such Commander or other Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of Ten Pounds, to be recovered and levied and disposed of in Manner herein-before mentioned.

XCVI. And be it further enacted and declared, That the said Naviga- Navigation t<. tion shall be a free Navigation from the said South Biddick or Biddick Ford, kefne. to and through the said River, Port, and Haven of Sunderland, and from thence into the Sea; and all the King’s Subjects shall and may have, and lawfully enjoy, free Passage along, in, through, or upon the fame, with, and for Boats, Barges, Lighters, Keels, and other Vessels, and also the Die of the Haling Paths, and all other Rights and Benefits, in as full and ample Manner as the fame have been hitherto used, and other Works an;d Conveniences which have been made by virtue of the said former A cl s, or shall be made or maintained by virtue of, or in pursuance of thjspfejent Act, for navigating in and upon the said River, and the said Port and Haven, without Let, Hindrance, or Obstruction from any Perfop,or Persons whomsoever, subject nevertheless to the Payment of all Rates, Tolls, and Duties, and to such Penalties and Forfeitures for Offences committed as areinflifted, or authorized to be imposed by this Act, or as may be inflicted by any Bye Law to be made in pursuance thereof, without Partiality, and for the General Regulation of all Boats, Keels, Barges, Lighters, and other Vessels uling the said Navigation.

XCVII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend anyways to destroy or prejudice any Right which the Lord Bishop of Durham, and his Successors, and his and their Lessees, of the Beaconage and Anchorage of the said River, Port, and Haven, or the Proprietors and Owners of Sunderland Ferry Boat and Hilton Ferpy Boat, or any other Ferry - oat or Boats upon the said River, now have, or would, or might have, or lawfully claim in, or upon the said River, or within the said Port or Haven, and Town of Sunderland, or otherwise howsoever, in case this Act had not been made, any Thing herein contained to the contrary thereof in anywjfe notwithstanding. t

XCVlIf. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That every Per m Penens <p. who shall think him or herself aggrieved by any Bye Law, Rule, Ord^r,

Regulation or Ordinance made in pursuance of this Act, or by the Conv.L- Quarter action of any Offence against the fame, or by any other Matter or Thing done tluI1' in pursuance of this Act, and for which no particular Method of Relief hath been already appointed, may appeal to the Justices of the Peace for the County of Durham, at any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden within Six Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, such Appellant nrft giving or causing to be given Twenty Days Notice at leafs, in Writing, to the Clerk to the said Commissioners, of his or her Intention to bring such Appeal, and of the Matter thereof, and, within Six Days after such Notice, entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said County, with two sufficient Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and to abide the Order of, and to pay such Colts as shall be awarded by the Justices at such Sessions; and the Justices at such Sessions, upon due Proof of such Notice being given as

8 aforesaid.

Saving to the Lord Rishop of Durham and ether*.

8i6 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 41.

aforesaid, and of the entering into such Recognizance, shall hear and finally determine the causes and Matters of such Appeal in a summary Way and, if they fee cauie, may mitigate any Penalty, or vacate, or set aside any Conviction, and set the Party at Liberty, or otherwise may ratify and confirm the fame, and award such Coifs to the Parties appealing or appealed again!!, as to them the said Justices shall seem just; which Order and Determination shall be final and conclusive to all Parties, and shall not be removed or removable by any Writ of Certiorari, or otherwise, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or elsewhere.

Limitation of SCIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Suit or Actions. Action shall be brought or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Act, Matter, or Thing done, or to be done in pursuance of this Act, every such Action or Suit shall be commenced within Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed, and not afterwards, and shall be laid and brought in the said County of Durham and not elsewhere; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, not Guilty, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence, at any Trial to be had thereupon, and that the fame was done in pursuance and by the Authority of this Act; and if the same shall appear to have been so done, or if any such Action or Suit shall be brought after the Time limited for bringing the same, or shall be brought in any other County, that then and in such Case or Cafes the Jury shall find for the Defendant or Defendants; or if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, or if a Verdict shall pass against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, and shall have such Remedy for the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have in any Case by Law.

[Public Act.]

C. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be a Public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and other Persons whomsoever, without the fame being pleaded specially.

Term CL And be it further enacted, That this Act shall commence and take

printed. Place on the Thirtieth Day of June next, and shall be in force and have Continuance for the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 42.

An Act to amend and enlarge the Powers of the several Acts relating to the Stratford-upon-Avon Canal Navigation.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making jjG.j.e.nt, and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Worcester and Birmingham Canal Navigation in the Parish of King’s Norton, into the Borough of Stratford-upon-Avon, and also certain Collateral Cuts from the said intended Canal, whereby certain Persons therein named, and their Successors, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, together with such Person or Persons as they should nominate and appoint under their Hands and Seals, were united into a Company for carrying on, making, completing, and maintaining the said Navigable Canal and Collateral Cuts passable for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, and were incorporated by the Name of " The Company of Proprietors of the Stratford-upon-Avon Canal Navigation," and by that Name were to have perpetual Succession and a Common Seal, with such Powers as in the said Att are mentioned; and the said Company of Proprietors were authorized and empowered to raile and contribute among themselves, in such Proportions as to them should seem meet and convenient, a competent Sum of Money for making and completing the said Canal and Col-£Ler. b* Per.J 9 T lateral

822

49° GEORGII III. Cap.\2'

laferal Cuts, and the Ilefervoirs, Feeder*, Ways, Quays, Wlia'fs, and other Works and Conveniencies to the fame belonging or requisite, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds (except as therein-after mentioned) and the Money so to be raised is thereby directed to be laid out and applied in the fir it Place for and towards the Dtfcharee of all Fees and Disbursements fdr obtaining the said Act, and for matting the Surveys, Plans, arid Eft'mit's incident thereuhro, and all other Ekpences relating to the famfc, and all the Residue of such Morey for and towards the making, cofnpleting, and maintaining the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, and other Purposes of the said Act, which said Sum of One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as should be raised by the several Persons tt erein named, was to be divided into One thousand two hundred Shares, at a Price not exceeding One hundred Pounds a Share, as therein is mentioned; and in case the said Sum of One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds should be found inefficient for making, completing, and maintaining the said Canal, Collateral Cuts, and other Works by the said Act authorized and directed to be made, and all necessary Charges and Expences relating thereunto, then the said Company of Proprietors are thereby authorized to raise and contribuie among themselves in Manner in the l'.id Act mentioned, any further Sum of Money for the Purposes of the said Act, not exceeding the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds; and in case the said Company of Proprietors should be desirous of raising the said Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds by Mortgage of the said Undertaking, they are thereby empowered to borrow and take up at Interest the said Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds or any Part thereof, upon the Credit of the said Undertaking, as to them should seem fit and convenient, and to assign the Property of the said Navigation and the Rates granted by the said Act to the said Company of Proprietors, or any Part thereof, as a Security for the Money so to be borrowed, with Interest for the fame, to such Person or Persons as jjG.j. c. 71. shall advance the fame: And whereas by another Act, passed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His said present Majesty, intituled, An Act for making a Navigable Cut from the Stratford-upon-Avon Canal in the Parish of Lap worth, into the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the A'lanor e/’Kingtwood, in the County of Warwick, the said Company of Proprietors were empowered, in calc the Money authorized to be raised anu borrowed by virtue of the said recited Act, should be found infufncienc for making, completing, and maintaining the said Canal and other the Works thereby authorized to be made, and also the said intended Cnt and other the orks by the Act now i. recital authorized to be made, to borrow and take up at Interest any further Sum of Money not exceeding Ten thousand Pounds, upon the Credit of their said Undertaking, as to them should seem fit and convenient, and to assign the Property of the Navigation of the said Stratford-upon-Avon Canal, and the said intended Cut and the Rates granted by the said recited Act and the Act now in recital, to the said Company of Proprietors or any Part thereof, as a S.-cunty for the Money so to be borrowed, with the Interest for the 39 G. 3.0.60. fame, to such Person or Persons as should advance the fame: And whereas by another Act, passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for authorizing the Company of Proprietors of the Stratford-upon-Avon Canal Navigation, to vary the Course of certain Parts of the said Canal, directed, to be made by an Act passed in the

Thirty-

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 42. 823

Thirty third Year of the Reign of IRSpresent Majesty, and also to make a Branch out of the said Canal, and also to vary the Course of a Navigable Cut directed to be made from the said Stratrord-upon-Avon Canal, in the Parish of Lapwcrth, into the Warwick and Birmingham Canal, in the Manor of Kingswood, in the County of Warwick, by another Aci pijfed in the Thirty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and for amending the said Acts; the said Company ot Proprietors of the said Stratford upon-Avon Canal Navigation were authorized and empowered, in order to enable them to complete the said Canal, Cut, and Branch and other Works authorized to be made by the said recited Acts and the Act now in recital, to raise, either by Subscription among themselves or by the Admil-fion of new Subscribeis, or other*ife in the Act now in recital mentioned, any further Sum of Money which, with the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds authorized to be borrowed under the said last recited Act, (lrould not exceed the Sum of Forty.five thousand Pounds; and in case the said Sum of Forty-five thousand Pounds or any Part thereof, should be raised by Subscription, the said Sum should be divided into One thousand two hundred Pounds Quarter Shares, each Quarter Share to be of the Value of Thirty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors have in Parc executed the several Works directed by the said recited Acts, and hrve for those Purposes raised by Subscription among themselves the whole Sums of One hundred and twenty thousand Pounds and Sixty thousand Pounds, and have expended thereon and in the Execution of the said recited Acts the Whole of such Sums, except the Sum of Twenty-six thousand two hundred and twenty-eight Pounds Ten Shillings and Eight-pence, the Amount which remained due out of Two hundred and nineteen Shares forfeited to the Company, and which has become a Part of their joint and corporate Stock, and have also taken up at Interest the Sum of Two thousand six hundred and ninety Pounds under the Authority of the said Two last recited Acts, and have applied the fame Money for putting the said Acts in Execution; and the said Company of Proprietors have incurred in the Prosecution of the said Undertakings Debts to a large Amount, which they now owe, and a great Part of the said Undertakings remains unfinished, whereby the Public are deprived of the Benefit and Advantage formerly held forth to them, md whereby the Proprietors of Shares in the said Undertakings are losing those Benefits which were expected to arise to them from the said Navigation: And whereas the Price or Sum mentioned in the last above recked Act for the Admission of new Subscriben, was so high that no Person would subscribe or take any Share or Quarter Shares therein, or applied to take or did take any Annuity authorized to be granted by the said Two last recited Acts or either of them, nor 'could any Money be raised on the Security thereof except the said Sum of Two thousand six hundred and ninety Pounds as before-mentioned: And whereas the said Company ol Proprietors have hitherto found it impracticable, by any of the Ways and Means authorized by the said Two last recited Acts, to raile Money for discharging their said Debt*, and for carrying on, completing and fmishing the Works of the said Navigable Canal and Collateral Cuts and Branch, and they have no other practicable Means of railing the fame without the Aid and Assistance of Parliament: And whereas the Powers and Provisions of the said several recited Acts have in other Respects been found insufficient and inconvenient, and it is requisite 6 that

824

Powc" to raise a further Sum of Money*

Mode of raising the Money,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

that the Tame should be altered and amended; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and maybe lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raise such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds, and such additional Sum as herein-after mentioned, in case the same shall be found necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, over and above the before-mentioned Sums of Money, notwithstanding that the fame Sums have not been wholly raised and received; any Thing in the said Acts, or any or either of them, contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized ana empowered to raise, either by voluntary Subscription amongst themselves or by the Admission cf new Subscribers, any further Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the Whole the aforesaid Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds, except as herein-after is mentioned; and in cafeth said Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds shall be raised by voluntary Subscription as aforesaid, the said Sum shall be divided into Two thousand two hundred and fifty additional Shares, each Share to be of the Value of Forty Pounds, or into such other Number of 'hares not exceeding Three thousand Shares, and of such Value as herein-after directed, all which Shares shall be deemed Personal Etlate and be transmilliole as such, and all Persons who shall as aforesaid subscribe for or otherwise become entitled thereto, and their several and respectiveExecutors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall be and they are hereby declared to be the Owners or Proprietors of the said additional Shares in the said Undertaking, and shall be and they are hereby united and incorporated w th the said Company of Proprietors of the said Stratford-upon-Avon Canal Navigation, and ihe several Powers, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Provisions contained in the said first recited Act, subject nevertheless to the Provisions, Directions, and Regulations herein contained, shall extend to the calling for, raising Sums for, and recovering the several Sums to be subscribe'd for the said additional Shares, and for compelling and obliging the several Subscribers for or Proprietors of the said additional Shares, to pay the respective Sums to be voluntarily subscribed as aforesaid, and for transferring and entering the fame, and in all other Respefb relating thereto, in like Manner as if the fame were Part of the Money authorized to be rai ed by virtue of the said first recited Act, or as if the fame several Powers, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, and other Provisions contained in the said first recited Act were repeated and re-enacted in this Act subject nevertheless as herein-after is mentioned; and that all and every Persons, and their several and respective Executors, Adm nistrators, and Assigns, who shall severally subscribe and pay the Sum of Forty Pounds, or inch o.her Sum as shall be hereafter determined upon, for each and every of the said additional Shares, shall, together with the original Subscribers to the Undertaking, be entitled to and receive an equal proportionate Part of the net Profits and Advantages that shall or may arise and acctue to the said Company of Proprietors by vistue of the said recited Acts

4-9° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Acts and this Act; and all and every the said addi ional Shares, and also the Persons respectively entitled thereto, shall be subject to the like Regulations and Provisions as the original Shares in the said Navigation are liable to, save as herein-after mentioned or otherwise provided, and that in the Qualification of Proprietors to vote in the General and ether Assemblies, each and every Proprietor of one or more such additional Share-, shall be entitled to give his or her Vote or Votes either in Person or by Proxy, as the Proprietors of the original Shares are entitled to dc.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if it shall appear to any General Assembly or Sp< cial General Assembly to be at any Time or Times hereafter holden by virtue of this and the said recited Acts, or any or either of them, that the said Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds cannot be raised by Shares of Forty Pounds each, then it shall be laws ul for the said Company of Proprietors to raise the said Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds by Shares of Thirty Pounds each, or by Shares of any greater Value than Thirty Pounds and less than Forty Pounds, as may be determined upon at any General Assembly or Special General Assembly to be hereafter holden as aforesaid: Provided always, that in no Cafe the said Shares do exceed Three thousand in Number: Provided also, that if any Part of the said Ninety thousand Pounds shall have been raised by Shares of Forty Pounds each, and it shall afterwards be found impracticable to raise the Whole Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds by Shares of Forty Pounds each, and that it will be expedient to raise the same Sum by Snares of Thirty Pounds each, or by Shares of any greater Value than Thirty Pounds and Its's than Furry Pounds, then and in any such Case the Person or Persons who may have fubfiribed to such Forty Pounds Shares, shall not be compelled or compellable to pay any greater Subscription than the settled Price of the Shares upon which the said Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds shall be ultimately raised; and if it {halt appear to any General Affrmbly or Special General Assembly as aforesaid, that any Person or Persons shall have paid his, her, or their full Share of Forty Pounds, then the Difference in Amount between the said Sum of Forty Pounds and the finally settled Price of Shares by which the said Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds shall be raised, shall be ordered to be reimbursed and paid by the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors to the Subscriber and Subscribers of every such Share of Forty Pounds.

IV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act or the said recited Acts contained shall be construed to oblige or compel any of the Subscribers for the additional Shares to be created by virtue of this Act, to pay or advance any farther or greater Sum of Money than he, she, or they shall hereafter agree to subscribe towards the said Undertaking.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case the said Company of Proprietors shall think it more advisable or proper to raise the said Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds or any Part thereof by mortgage of the Rates authorized to be collected on the said Canal, ir.ffead of raising the said Sum by voluntary Subscriptions amongst themselves,

[Loc. ft? Per.} 9 2 or

General or Special Ai-fcmbly authorized to reduce Share* from 40I. to 30I. and to put the Sublcribera upon an equal footing.

Subscribers to be liable only for the Amount of their Subfci ip-tion.

The Money m,y be raised determined by Mortgage.

826

Fewer to raise a further Sum in case the said Sum of 90,000). shall not be sufficient.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

or by the Admission of new Subscribers, then it shall be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors either to borrow and take up at Interest by any such Mortgage as aforesaid, from any Person or Persons, upon the Credit of the said Rates or any of them, the said Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds or any Part thereof; and the said Company of Proprietors are hereby authorized and empowered to assign and make over their Interest and Property in the said Canal and Collateral Cuts and Branch, and the Rates to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts or any or either of them, or any Part thereof, as a Security or Securities for any Sum or Sums of Money so to be borrowed, wiih Interest, to the Person or Persons who shall advance the fame, or to his, her, or their Trustee or Trustees, by Deed of Mortgage, in like Manner and Form, and with and subject to the like Powers and Directions for transferring every such Mortgage, and to the like Remedies, Regulations, and Provisions touching and concerning the same, and the Interest thereby to be secured, as are mentioned or contained in and by the said recited Acts or either of them, respecting the borrowing of Money and the Securities to be made for the lame; and all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Mortgages have hitherto been made for securing the said Sum ol Two thousand six hundred and ninety Pounds and Interest, and also all Persons to whom any Mortgage or Mortgages, or Annuity or Annuities, shall be made or granted under any of the Powers of this Act, shall be equally entitled one with another to the Rates and Property thereby assigned, in Proportion to the Interest of the Sum or Sums for which such Mortgage or Mortgages shall be executed, without any Preference by reason of the Priority of Date of any such Mortgage or otherwise.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds herein-before authorized to be raised, should be found insufficient for completing the said Canal, Collateral Cuts and Branch and other Works, and the said Company of Proprietors shall not be able to raise Monies for the said Purposes by Mortgage or other the Means in the said recited Acts or either of them authorized and granted, then it shall and may be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to raise any such Sum or Sums of Money as shall from Time to Time be found necessary for paying and discharging the Debts owing by the said Company of Proprietors, and such further Debts as they shall contract in the completing of the said Canal, Collateral Cuts and Branch and other Works, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds, over and above the before-mentioned Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds, and over and above so much of the w hole Sum of Forty-five thousand Pounds, authorized to be raised by the said recited Acts of the Thirty-fifth and Thirty-ninth Years of His present Majesty, which has not been raised and received as aforesaid, any Thing in the said Acts or either of them contained to the contrary notwithstanding, which said Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds shall be raised by the said Company of Proprietors by means of creating new or additional Shares in the said Undertaking, not exceeding Seven hundred and fifty Shares, and of disposing of the same to such Person or Persons and at such Price or Prices not less than Forty Pounds a Share, as the said Company of Proprietors, at a General Assembly or Special General Assembly, shall from Time to Time think expedient or

, aecessary

827

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

necessary for that Purpose; and that the respective Proprietors of any such last-mentioned additional Shares to be created by virtue of this Act as aforesaid, shall be and become entitled to an equal Share or Division of the Profits of the said Navigation, and to such and the fame Powers.

Privileges and Advantages, and be subject to such and the fame Reltric-tions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as the Proprietors of the said additional Two thousand two hundred and fifty Shares to be created as aforesaid, or of any greater Number of Shares which may be created under the Powers herein-before given for raising the said Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds, are by this Act entitled and liable to; and the Admission of every Person to any such additional Shares by any Order or Resolution of the said Company of Proprietors at a General Assembly or Special General Assembly as aforesaid, shall be good and effectual Titles to such Person or Persons, and his, her, or their respective Executors or Administrators, on his, her, or their Payment to the said Company of Proprietors of the Purchase Money or Price agreed for the fame, which Money so to be raised by the Ways and Means lad mentioned, shall be paid, applied and disposed of in the Liquidation and Discharge of the Debts of the said Company of Proprietor, and in finishing and completing the said Canal,

Collateral Cuts, and Branch and other Works, and other Purposes hereinbefore mentioned.

VII. And whereas it has been found impracticable to raise any Sum or Power for Sums of Money by creating additional Quarter Shares by virtue of the r*lfi"8 Money Power given to the said Company of Proprietors, by the said recited Act share' re-

of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; be it pealed, therefore enacted, That the Power for creating such Quarter Shares contained in the said Act, shall be and the Line is hereby declared to be repealed.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Pmvcr to Company of Proprietors and they are hireby required, at any General makeCalIs’ Assembly or Special General Assembly to be holden or convened agreeably to the Directions contained in the said first recited Act or this Act,

or of their Committee for the Time being, or any Five or more of such Committee, from Time to Time to make any Call or Calls for Money from the Subscriber or Subscribers of an additional Share or Shares in the said Canal Navigation, in order to raise the said Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds, and the said further Sum of Thirty thousand Pounds for the Purposes aforesaid, subject to the Regulations herein-after mentioned, as such General Assembly or Special General Assembly or Committee from Time to Time shall judge necessary, so that no one Call on each Share subscribed for shall exceed the Sum of Four Pounds for each additional Share in the said Navigation, and no Call to be made at a ids Distance of Time than Three Calendar Months from each other j which Money lo called for shall be paid to such Person or Persons and in such Manner as the said General Assembly or Special General Assembly or Committee shall from Time to Time appoint and direct, for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and of this Act j and all and every Subscriber and Subscribers of one or more additional Share or Shares in the said Undertaking shall pay his, her, or their Share or Shares or Proportion of the Monies to be called for as aforesaid, at such Time and Place and in such Manner as

shall

828

For making a Depsfit of 11, per Share;

or such Sum lets thin 41, as the Committee direct.

Calls not to be made until the Sum of 60,0001» shall be fub-icribed.

Money on additional Shares to be paid to the Treasurer with Interest.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

shall, be appointed as aforesaid, and of which Time and Place Twenty Days Notice shall be given by publishing the fame in some Newspaper or Newspapers circulated in the Chunty of Warwick, or in any other Manner which the said Stratford-upon-Avon Canal Company shall at any General Assembly or Special General Assembly or their Committee direct er appoint; and all Executors and Administrators shall be and are hereby empowered to pay their respective Proportions of the said Money to be cailed for as aforesaid, in respect of the Share or Shares of their Teffators and Intestates respectively, and charge the same to the Accounts ol such Person’s Estate and Effects.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That all and every Person and Persons who shall be desirous of becoming, and shall voluntarily become a Subscriber or Subscribers for such additional Shares as aforesaid, shall at the Time of his, her, or their subscribing pay to the Treasurer of the said Company of Proprietors for the Time being. One Pound by way of Deposit on each Share for which he or she shall fub-scribe, and that the Remainder of the Subscription shall be paid by Calls of Four Pounds each, or such less Sum than Four Pounds, as the said Committee shall fix on each Share subscribed for, and that the One Pound Deposit shall be considered as Part of the first Call, and the remaining Three Pounds or such less Sum as the said Committee shall fix per Share of the said first Call, shall be paid as soon as the time shall be called for, and be ordered to be paid after the passing of this Act; but that the future Calls of Four Pounds each, or such less Sum as the said Committee shall fix on each Share, shall not be less than Three Calendar Months Distance from each other a« herein-before directed; and that all Subscribers for such additional Shares, who shall refute or neglect to pay their respective Calls at the Times and in Manner herein-before appointed to be paid, shall pay Interest: at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per Annum on all and every their said Call, and such Interest to commence from Time to Time and from the Days on which such Calls shall respectively become due and be ordered to be paid.

X. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the said Company of Proprietors, or any Person acting under their Authority, to make any Call or Calls on the Subscribers, or to raise any Money by virtue of this Act, save and except the said One Pound Deposit on each Share,until the Sum of Sixty thousand Pounds of the Money to be raised by virtue of this Act shall have been actually subscribed; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case the Whole of the said Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds shall not be subscribed before the first Call on the Subscribers shall have been made and become payable, then and in such Case every and all Person and Persons who shall subscribe for one or more of such additional Shares after such Call or Calls shall have been made, and shall have become due any payable, shall, at the Time of his, her, or their subscribing, pay to the Treasurer for the Time being of the said Company of Proprietors the Call or Calls which shall then have been made on the Subscribers of the said additional Shares, together with Interest thereon, at the Rate of Five Pounds per Centum per

2 . Annum,

£29

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

Annum, from the Day or Days on which such Call or Calls fh^li have respectively become due and have been ordered to be paid, in ord r that all the Subscribers to the said new or additional Shares may be upon an equal Footing.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee for the Time being shall deem it expedient, out of any Surplus Monies or otherwise, to buv up any Share or Shares in the said Canal Navigation which shall be offered for Sale, then and in such Case it shall be lawful for any General Assembly or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, either to direct that any such Share or Shares so bought shall merge in the said Undertaking, or that the same shall be transferred to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors in Trust for the said Company of Proprietors, that such Share or Shares may in such last-mentioned Cafe at any Time thereafter be sold for the Benefit of the said Company of Proprietors, and for the raising of any Sum of Money which may be wanted for or towards the erecting or repairing of any Buildings or Works belonging to the said Canal, Collateral Cuts and Branch or other Works, or any other Purpose necessary for carrying on the same.

XIII. And whereas by the said recited Act of the Thirty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty it is enacted, that the said Company of Proprietors shall hold one General Assembly in every Year, for the Purpose of electing Fifteen Persons (being Proprietors of Five or more Shares in the said Navigation) to be a Committee to manage the Affairs of the said Company, anJ that such Annual General Assembly shall conlilt of Persons who are entitled to Three hundred shares in the said Undertaking; and that no Person shall give or deliver more Proxies than for Five absent Proprietors to vote in any public Assembly to be held by virtue of the now reciting Act: And whereas by the said recited Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty it is enacted, that it shall not be lawful for any Proprietor of the said Canal, at any General or Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors, to vote either in Person or by Proxy for any greater Number of Shares than Forty Shares: And whereas it will be expedient, when the Number of Shares in the said Undertaking shall have been increased as aforesaid, that the Persons to be chosen on the said Committee should be possessed of a greater Number of Shares than is required by the said Act of the Thirty, third Year of His present Majesty, to render a Person eligible to such Office, and that such General Assemblies should consist of Persons entitled to a larger Number of Shares in the said Undertaking than directed by such Act; and that any Proprietor of the said Canal shall be allowed to vote either in Person or by Proxy at any General Assembly or Special General Assembly of the Company of Proprietors for any Number of Shares not exceeding One hundred, and to hold any Number of Proxies which may be necessary for that Purpose; be it therefore further enacted, That as soon as the Sum of Ninety thousand Pounds shall have been subscribed for by Shares in the Did Undertaking, or raised by other Modes directed by the said recited Acts and this Act, so much of the said first recited Act as directs that the Members of the said Committee shall be possessed of Five Shares in the said Navigation, and also so much and such Parts of the same Act as direct that the Annual General Assembly

[Loc.'isf Per.] 10 A of

Shares bought up to merge in the Undertaking.

For repeal ms certain t'arU of the A^’s o€ 33 & 39 G- J-

830 49° GEORGII IIT. Cap. 42.

of the said Company of Proprietors shall consist of Persons who are entitled to Three hundred Shares in the said Undertaking, and also so much and such Parts of the said Act of the Thirty-ninth Year of His pie-sent Majesty, as Teflrain any Proprietor of the said Canal from voting at any General or Special General Assembly of the said Company ot Pro-pi ietors for any greatsr Number of Shares than Forty Shares, shall be and is and are hereby respectively repealed; and that no Person shall thereafter be eligible to be chosen a Member of the said Committee to ' manage the Affairs of the said Company of Proprietors, who shall not be

possessed of Ten Shares or more in the said Undertaking; and that every such Annual General Assembly and every Special General Assembly of the said Company of Proprietors shall consist of Perfors who are entitled 10 One thousand Shares or more in the said Undertaking; and that such General Annual Assembly so constituted, and the said Committee Men to be by them elected and qualified according to the Directions of this Act, shall be inverted with the like Powers and Authorities, and be under such Limitations, Restrictions, and Conrroul in every respect, as in the said first recited Act is mentioned, except as herci 1 is excepted; and that from and after the said Sum of Nmety thousand Pounds shall have been raised by Subscription under this Act, or by the other Modes as before directed., it shall be lawful for any Proprietor of the said Canal, at any General Assembly or Special General Assembly of the said Company ot Proprietors, to vote either in Person or by Proxy for any Number of Shares not exceeding One hundred, and to hold any Number of Proxies which may be necessary for that Purpose; any Thing in the said recited Acts or either of them to the contrary notwithstanding.

Certain lte-

XIV. And whereas in and l y the said recited Act of the Thirty-third 10 reed* of Year of His present Majesty it is enacted, that Duplicates of the Deed Bargain and of Bargain and Sale or Transfer of any Share or Shares in the said Navi-Tiandrrs, gation, should be executed by every Vendor and Vendee, and one Part 1 epealed. thereof so executed should be delivered to the Committee of the said Company or their Clerk, to be filed and kept for the Use of the said Company of Proprietors, and an l-ntry thereof iliould be made in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose; and until the Duplicate of such Deed or Transfer should be lo delivered to the said Committee or the Clerk as aforesaid, such Purchaser or Purchasers should have no Part or Share of the Profits of the fail Navigation and Undertaking, nor any Interest paid h,m, her, or them, for and in respect of such Share or Shares io purchased, nor be entitled to vote as a Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Ui dertaking: And wherras the Expences of Duplicates of such Deeds or Transfers tend grea ly to hinder the Sale of Shares in the said Undertaking; be it therefore enactrd. That the said Clause or Lnaftment shall be

and i hereby repealed; and that Irom and after the passing of this Act, it shall not be necessary to execute a Duplicate of the Deed of Bargain and Sale or Transfer of any ohare or trhares in the said Undertaking as by the said recited Act is directed, but that One Part only of such Deed of Bargain and Sale of Transfer, in case the Purchaser or Purchasers shall be satisfied therewith, shall be made and execuied; a id which said bargain and Sale or Transfer shall be filed and kept for the Use of the said Company of Proprietors, and such Purchase and Purchases shall be as valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if a Duplicate of such Deedol Bargain and Sale or Transfers were executed by the Vendor and , Vendee

49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 42. 831

Vendee or Vendors and Vendees; any 1 hing in the same Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas many of the original Shares in the said Undertak- Proprietors ing have been declared to be forfeited under the Provisions of the said ", fird recited Act, for the Benefit of the other Proprietors of the said Un- for'eited dertaking: And whereas it is enacted by the said first recited Act, that shir,!-all such Forfeitures shall be sold at a public Sale by the said Company of Proprietors for the mod Money they can get for the fame, and that the Produce thereof shall be equally divided amongst the Rest of the Company of Proprietors, in Proportion to their respective Shares and Interest in the said Navigation and Undertaking: And whereas the said Company of Proprietors or their Committee for the Time being may deem it expedient, and for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, that such Forfeitures should not be fold according to the Directions of the said first recited Act, but that such Forfeitures should merge in the Proprietors of the said Company, or that such Shares so declared to be forfeited should be transferred to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors, in Trust for the Benefit of the said Company of Proprietors; be it therefore enacted.

That nothing in the said first recited Act contained shall compel or require the said Compiny of Proprietors to expose to Sale any Share or Shares in the said Undertaking which may have been forfeited, or shall hereafter be forfeited for the Benefit of the said Company, or to prevent, hinder or restrain the said Company of Proprietors from directing and declaring that ail forfeited Shares shall and may merge in the said Company of Proprietors for the Benefit of the said Undertaking, or that all and every such Shares and Share which have been or shall hereafter be forfeited, shall and may be transferred to the Clerk of the said Company of Proprietors in Trust for their Benefit, in like Manner as they could or might have done if no such Direction or Enactment for Sale of forfeited Snare or Shares had been given or contained in the said first recited Act; any Thing in the said first recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed Appiirjt:onof or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments e"ce^" purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts ing tool, and this Act., or any of them, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to any Feoffee in I rufl. Executor, AdminifLator, Husband, Guardian, Committee or Trustee for or on behalf of any Infant, Idiot, Lunatic, Feme Covert, or Cestuique Trust, or to any other Person whole Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are limited in strict or other Settlement, or to any other Person under any other Disability or Incapacity whatsoever, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte " The Company of Proprietors of the Stratford-upon-Avon Canal Navigation," together with the Name or Names of such Person or Persons as any Five of the said Commission is appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, or either of them, shall by Writing under their Hands direct and appoint, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order

832 49#geOrgi1 IiL Cap. ±2.

Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase or Redemption of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or furh other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affcding other Lands, 1 enements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Intents, or Purposes; and where such Money shall not be I'o applied, the same shall be laid ouc and inverted under the like Direction and Appri bation of the said Cjurt in the Purchase of other Land', Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed or (etiled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tentments, and Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in ihe mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery upon Application thereco, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidaied or Three Pounds per Certain Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bark Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purports aforesaid, the Dividends or Annual Produce of the said Consolidaied or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so h.reoy directed to be purchased, in ca’c such Purchase or Settlement were made.

Under tool*

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money

amir untin to a£rccc* or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or He red' a-

omnunting o mC(HS purchased, taken, or used for the Pui ports aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any D.faoility cr Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two liu idred Pounds, and shall exceed or be equal to the Sum of Twenty Pounds, Men and in all such Cases such Money shall, at (he Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to ihe Rents and Profits of the Lancs, Tenements, or Hereditaments (o pnrehafed, taken, or uled, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in calc of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order 10 be applied in Mmner herein-Scfore d.refled, or otherwise the same shall be paid a: the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominatrd by ihe Person or Persons making such Option, and approved ot by Five or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in W.iting under the Hands of the nominating and app oving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and ihe Dividends a iling the.con may be applied in ar.y Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Dircclion or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

7

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 42.

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when such Money lo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Linds, Tenements, 01 Hereditament so purchased, taken, or uled for the Purposes of the said recited Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Commissioners or any Five or move of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefic of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by vittue of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Pre-miles, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found; or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing thern]y subject to the Order, Controul, and Dif-pofiiion of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invelted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Intertlt of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XX. And be it further enacted, That where any Quc ftion shall arise touching the Title of any Person or Persons to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament', to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Monies, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bink'Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of the Land', Tenements, or

£Lec.is'Fer.^ r i of? Heredita-

833

Under *0 1-

In case of

not making out Titles* &c.

Where any Question shall aide touching ihe Title to Money to be p.od, the I'erion who shall he in Possession of the L mus at the Time of iu. h . uichafe shall be

83+

deemed entitled there* un o iccoid-in|i to f ell possession.

Court of Chancei y may order realisable Expences cf Puiclialtg io be paid by the Trultee8.

Extending the Powers of the aid AMs to tUftAct.

Paying the Expect ces of (he Act.

Public A a.

49° GEORGII III. Cap.\2.

Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Person', or under the Pulfcflion of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully emitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interefi: of such Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to 'he said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Intercll therein.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where, by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by the said Trustees under the Authority of the said recited Acts and this Act, or any of them, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lind*, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Colls and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Company of Proprietors, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the said Acts passed in the Thirty-third, 1 htrty-fifth and J hirty-ninth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every Clause, Article, Provision. Matter, and Thing therein contained, except such and so many of them, or such Parts thereof as are repealed, altered, varied, explained or amended by this Act, shall extend and be applicable to this present Act, and the Powers, Provisions, and Directions hereof, so far as the same are compatible herewith.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs and Charges of obtaining and passing this Act, and all other Colts, Charges, and Expences concerning the same, shall be borne, paid, and defrayed by the said Company ol Proprietors out of any Money already raised or received, or out of the first Monies to be hereafter raised or received by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

10

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 43.

An Act for amending and rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Wisbech Saint Peter s and Wisbech Saint Mary's, and in the Hamlets of Wisbech Marrow and Wisbech Gujhirn> in the IJlt of Ely and County of Cambridge.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An i^G-3. c. «* Act for draining and preserving certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Wisbech Saint Peter’s and Wisbech Saint Mary’s, and in the Hamlets of Wisbech Murrow and Wisbech Guyhirn, in the Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, whereby certain Commissioners were appointed for putting the fame in Execution, and the said Commissioners were thereby empowered from Time to Time to assess, rate, tax, and charge all and every of the Owners and Occupiers of certain Lands and Grounds in the said Act particularly described, with several yearly Sums per Acre, for the Purposes of the said Atft: And whereas the said Commissioners have made several Cuts, Drains and Outlets, and have erc&ed several Engines, and made several Banks and done other Works in, through, and upon such Lands and Grounds, for draining and improving the same, and have assessed, rated, and taxed the Owners and Occupies of the fame [Loc. id Per.] 10 C Lands

4

ft

838

Repealing ctr-

tain fruts ot >5 G. j.

Repealing certain P. rtfi ot tin* fane Act, relating to me Ex-

49° GEORGII III. C^.43.

Lands and Grounds wiih the Sums of Money authorized to be afftfled under ind by virtue of the said recired Act, and have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Security of such Rates and Taxes, and have assignedover the said Rate? and Taxrs for Jecunng the Munis 3 so borrowed with Interest, and a considerable Debt is now due upon the Assignment of the said Rates and Taxes and otherwise, on account of the said L n Is and Grounds: And whereas the said L mds and Grounds might be more effectually drained and improved, but the Rates and Taxes authorized to be raised by the said Act have been Lund inefficient for the Payment of the Interest of the Monies already borrowed, and for maintaining and keeping in repair the present Works j and the Powers given to the said Commissioners have been also found to be inefficient for the effectual Drainage and Improvement of the said Lands and Grounds, and ic is necessary and expedient to repeal certain Parts of the said Act, and to make Alterations and Amendments in other Parts thereof, and to lay additional Taxes on the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and Ground', in order to rail’e Money to answ. r che Purposes aforesaid: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be en sted; and bp it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi'itual and Ttmporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act as relates to the Exemption of any Security or Proceedings under the said Act from Stamp Duties, shall be and the fame is and are hereby repealed.

II. And whereas by the said recited Act it is enacted, That the Commissioners for putting the said Act in Execution should meer once at leail in every Year (to wit), on the Second ‘Puefday in Alay, in WJbech Saint Peter’s aftm said, or at such othrr Time or Times, Place or 1 laces as th^y should fee Cause or think convenient, and ffiouid and mighc from Time to Time at any of rheir said Meetings, adjourn themselves to such other Time or Time', Place or Places as they should think proper, and that Three of the said Commissioners and no less a Number should be deemed at all Times to be and constitute a Meeting within the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, for doing the Business and carrying thcP rpoies thereof into Execution, and that the First Meeting to be holden in pursuance of the said Act should be holden at the Roje and Crown Inn in Wisbech Saint Peter’s aforesaid, on the Tuesday Three Weeks next after the Day of the passing thereof, and that Ten Days Notice of every other Meeting, except adjourned Meetings, ffiouid be given under the Hands of Two or more Commissioners, or of their Clerk, and affixed in lotne public Place in Wisbech Saint Peter’s aforesaid, and on the Church Doors of Wisbech Saint Peter’s and Wisbech Saint Mary’s af >rtf iid: And whereas it is expedient that soir.e Alteration ffiouid be made in respect to the Times and Places of Meetings of the said Commissioners, and in the Number of Commissioners requisite to put the said Act inf Execution j be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, ana declared null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

III. And whereas it is by the said recited Act provided. That no greater or larger Sum of Money than Three Shillings for each Comnrifftoner who ffiouid be present at any of the said Gcneial Meetings, or

10 than

4-9° GEORGII III. Cap. 43*

titan Two Shillings for each Commissioner who should be present at any of the said other Meetings, should ever be paid or allowed our ot th Money to be raised by virtue of the said recited Act, for the Chirges or Evpences of the said Commdlioners at fetch Meetings, and that all Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners in the Execution of the said recited Act, should be made at the Mceiings to be held in p jrluanc' thereof by a Majority of tire laid Comrmfii ners present at fuc.h Meetings, and that no such Order or Detei mma.ion of the said Commissioners, should be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meet.ng, unlefa Fiveot the faici Commill; nets at lead Ih >uid be prtf-nt and concui in the revoking or altering tin rof: And whereas the Allowance for the Charges and Expences of the said Commissi iners at their laid General and other Meetings is inadequate, and it is expedient that lo much of the said Clause as relates thereto, and as to the Orders and Determinations of the said Commissioners in the Execution of the said Acts, should be repealed; be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said recited Act shall be and the same is hereby re* pealed, and declared null and void to all Intents and PurpoEs.

IV. And whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, at their First Meeting after the passing thereof, and from Time to Time at their General Meeting, in every succeeding Year, to alTfs, rate, tax, and charge all and every of the Owners and Occupiers of all and Angular the Lands and Grounds in the said Act described and abutted, by proportionable Acre Taxes, in such Rates or Sums of Money as they should think proper, and that the said Rates or Sums of Money so affdled should be paid as soon after the affelEng and charging thereof as conveniently mighc be, provided that no such Assessments Rates or Taxes should at any Time, during the first FiveYears after the passing of the said Act, exceed the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence an Acre in any oneYear, or in any one Year afterwardsTwo Sh llings an Acre, and that no such Assessment, Rate,or Tax should be in any one Year leis than One Shilling an Acre, so long as any Sum or Sums of Money should be due and owing thereupon: Provided also, that the Acre Tax for each and every Acre of the said Lands and Grounds lying in a Place called 1'he Nine Hundred in IVish ch Saint Peter's aforesaid, should not exceed in any Year the Fourth Part of the Acre Tax, to be rated, assess d, and charged on the Owners and Proprietors of the other Lands and Grounds intended to be drained by virtue of the said Act, and that no Acre Tax should be laid for and in refurdt of the said Lands in The Nine Hundred, at such Time as an Assess.nent should not be made for or in respect of the said other Lands: And wheteas certain Provisions and Authorities were made and granted by the said recited Act for collecting and recovering the said Rates and Taxes: And whercas the Rates and Taxes by the said Act authorized to be laid are i sufficient for the Purposes of the said Act, and the Provisions and Authorities made and granted by the said Act for collecting and recovering the said Rates and Taxes have been also found to be insufficient; be it therefore further enacted, Tha: so much of the said recited Act, and all the Powers and Authorities in the said tented Act contained, for collecting and recovering the said Rates and Taxes, shall be and the same are hereby repealed, and declared null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

839

penc s of Commissioner>, vc.

Repealing certair Parts of the same Act,relating to the laying and coheiting of Rattl.

S40 49* GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

Repealing V. And whereas it is by the said recited Act enacted, That if any Per-of-hM'^ne1' f°n or P> tfuns liiould at any Time or Times after the p fling of the said Act rfl ting Act, perrr.it or fuller his, her, or their Hogs or Swine to stray upon any lothttri'ing of the Banks made and raised by virtue of the said Act, or should fee ihe'lJanks,kc. down any Nets or Engines for the catching of Fdh in any of the Drains thrown out for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned; o> should dig or throw out any P, nd or Watering in any of the said Lands anil Grounds so de'enbed and abutted as aforesaid, within Forty Feet of any Drain then already made or to be made, and used for the draining and improving of the said Lands and G>ounds as aforesaid, all and every such Person and Persons so offending, being thereof convicted before Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Pe ce for the Isle if Ely or for the County where such Pei fun or Persons should reside, should for every such Offence forfeit and pay a Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Fifty Pounds, nor less than Five Pounds, as the said Justices should rftpeftively order and dirtft, to the said Commissioners for the fame Purposes for which the said AfTcffments, Rates, and Taxes are by the said Act directed to be applied, and to be levied by D stress and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle of ail and every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices; and that in default of such Distress or Payment, the Person or Persons so offending should be committed by such Justices to the House of Coneftion, there to be kept to Hard La-i bdur for such Time as the said Justices should respectively order and direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the said Justices by whom such Commitment should be made: And whereas such Parts of the Fid Clause as aie herein-before recited have been found infus. ficient to answer the Purposes for which (he fame were intended be it therefore further enacted, That so much of the said reefed Act as relates to the permitting or [offering Hogs or Swine to stray upon any of the said Banks made and used by virtue of the said recited Act, and ihe setting down any Nets or Engines for the catching of Filli in any of the Drains thrown cut for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and also as relates to the digging or throwing out any Pond or Watering in any of the said Lands or Grounds, within Forty Feet of any Drain made or to be made and used for the draining and improving of the said Lands and Grounds, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed and declared null and void to all Intents and Purposes.

Commission-

VI. And be it filthr enacted, That the Commissioners acting under *• the said recited Act, and their Successors to be elected in the Manner

directed by the said recited Act, shall be and they are hereby appointed Commissioners for executing the Powers and Provisions of the said recited Act and this Act.

Meetings of f

VII. And be it further enacted, That the First Meeting of the Com* the Commit- missioners after the pa fling of this Act, shall be held at the Rose and Crown h mets’ Inn in Wisbech Saint Peter's, in the said Isle of Ely and County of Cambridge, on the First Tuesday next after Three Weeks from the Day of the passing of this Act, at Eicvcn of the Clock in the Forenoon, and that the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them, shall meet once at least in every Year at the Rose and Crown Inn in Wisbech Saint Peter's aforesaid, or at such other Place or Places as the said Commissioners shall from Time to Time appoint, on the Second Tuesday in the Month of May in each and

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 43. 84i

every Yeir, and at such other Time or Times as they the said Commissioners shall thick necessary» and shall by Notice under the Hands of any Two or more of them (although not assembled at any Meeting), or by Notice under the Hand ot their Clerk appoint j and the said Commissiorters present at any such Meeting may from Time to Time adjourn the lame, to be holden at any other Time or Place which they shall think proper; and in case Five Commislianeis shall not be present at the Time and Place appointed for holding any such Annual Meeting so appointed as aforesaid, or Three Commissioners shall not be prefen: at any such adjourned or other Meeting, any one ComnuflSonei* prefenr, or the Cicrk to the said Commissioners, may adjourn the same to any Time not exceeding Thirty Days from the Time when and to the Place where the lad Meeting was appointed to have been holden. of which adjourned Meeting Ten Days previous Notice shall be given; and no Ad of the said Comm (Tioners shall be good or valid uni-fs it shall be done or ordered at some Meeting or adjourned Meeting holden in conformity to this Act (-xcepc as hereinafter excepted); and all the Powers or Authorities g amed to or verted in the said Commissioners, shall and may from Time to Time be exercised by the major Part of them present at any such Meeting ( the whole Number present at such Annual Meeting or Me tings not being le s than Five, and the whole Number present at any adjourned or other Meeting not being less than Three)-, and the Commissioners present atevey Meeting or Chapman w adjourned Meeting shall and may choose a Chairman, who in case of an ", UI" Equality of Votes cn any Question (including the Vote of such Chair man) shall have the decisive or carting Vote, and the fiift Business done at any such Meeting or adjourned Meeting, shall be the Election of such Chairman: Provided always, that no Order or Determination of the said Commissioners shall be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meeting, unless Seven Commissioners at the lead shall be present, and concur in the revoking or altering thereof, except such Orders and Determinations as shall be made at any of the said Meetings touching the opening or (hutting down of any of the Tunnels and Sluices already set down or to be set down, and made use of in the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, which shall or may be revoked or altered at any subsequent Meetings of the said Commissioners.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That Notice of all Meetings to be CommitTon-holden by virtue of the said recited Act or this Art, except of the Annual

or adjourned Meetings, shall (uniels her. by or by the said recited Act Meeting*, otherwise directed) be given in some Weekly Newspaper usually circulated in the Neighbourhood of the Lands and Grounds hereby and by the said recited Act directed to be drained and preserved, or by affixing the fame on some public or conspicuous Place in Wisbech Saint Peter’s aforesaid, and on the Doors of the Parish Churches of Wisbech Saint Peter’s and Wisbech Saint Mary's aforesaid, or by both such Ways if the same shall appear to the said Commissioners to be necessary or requirtte.

IX. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Expen*e« at Ad, the Sum of Four Pounds may and shall be paid and allowed for the Expences of the Commissioners at the Annual and Special Meetings

of the said Commissioners, to be holden under or by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, and the Sum ot Three Pounds in the whole for [Lag. (s' iV.j Jo D the

842

Taxes to lx laid.

Tenants to pay the T.ix an.I deduct them from their Rents, Jcc.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 43-

the Expences of the said Commissioners at the adjourned Meetings \ any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commissioneip, at their First Meeting to be holdcu after the passing of this Act, or at any Adjournment thereof, and from Time to 'lime at their several Annual Meetings, to lie holden on the Second Tuesday in the Month of May in each and every Year, or at any Adjournments thereof, to assess, rate, tax, and charge all and every the Owners and Occupiers of all and singular the Lands and Grounds in the said recited Act particularly mentioned and described (except the Lands and Grounds lying in a Place called The Nine Hundred in Wijlecb Saint Peter's aforesaid) by an equal and proportional Acre Tax, in such Rate or Sum as the said Commissioners shall think proper, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of Four Shillings in any one Year, in lieu and instead of the Sum of Two Shillings in the said recited Act mentioned, for each and every Stature Acre thereof, and so in Proportion for any less Quantity than an Acre; and it shall al o he lawful for the said Commissioners,-at the Time or Times aforesaid, in like Manner to affels, rate, tax, and charge the Owners and Occupiers of all and Angular the said Lan.Js and Grounds lying in The Nine Hundred in Wisbech Saint Peter's aforesaid, and the fame Lands are hereby charged with such annual Sum or Suni9 <$f Money as shall be equal to One-third Part only of the A. re Tax to be aff fled, rated, taxed and charged on the Owners and Occupiers of the said other Lands and Grounds intended to be drained by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, all which laid respective R ites, Taxes, and Charges shall be considertd as due, ind a Charge upon the said several Lands and Grounds, from the SIxih'DJy of Afrit next pteceding the Time of the laying thereof, in each and every Year, and shall be payable and paid by the respective Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of the said respective Lands and Grounds, to the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons, at such Time or Times, at such Place or Places, and in such Manner and Form as the said Commissioners'shall, at any of their Meetings to be holden under this Act, or at any Adjournment thereof, direct or appoint; and such Rate and Rates, Tax and Taxes, shall be raised and levied in Manner directed by this Act; and all such Rates and Taxes shall continue to be charged and paid each and every Year, so long as shall be neceflTtry for paying and discharging such Sum or Sums of Money as have been borrowed on the Credit of the said recited Act, and which shall or may be borrowed on the Credit thereof and of this Act, and all Interest now due or which shall hereafter become due for the fame respectively, and also the several Debts incut red by the Commissioners acting under the said recited Act, and so long as shall be neccfljry for carrying the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act into Execution •, any Thing in the said recited Acc to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, all and every the Tenants and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds. who shall be assessed, rated, taxed, or charged by virtue of this Act, shall, and he, lhe, and they is and are hereby authorized and required to pay all and every such Rates and Tjxcs for the Lands and Grounds in their respective Occupations, and to deduct and retain out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents, all such Sum or Sums of Money as they shall so

respectively

$43

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

respectively pay as aforesaid, and the several and respective Landlords and Owners of such Lands and Grounds are hereby required to allow such Deductions and Payments upon Receipt of the Residue of his, her, or their Rent or Rents, and every such Tenant or Occupier paying any such Rates or Taxes shall be acquitted and discharged of as much Money as such Rates or Taxes, so paid by him, her, or them respectively shall amount unto, as fully and effectually as if the fame had been actually paid to his, her, or their Landlord or Landlords (except where there is or may be any Lease or Agreement to the contrary); provided, that nothing herein contained shall extend, or be cotiftrued to extend to enable any Tenant or Occupier to deduct from his or her Rent any Penalty or Forfeiture incurred by Non-payment of the Rates and Taxes hereby imposed.

XII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That no Lessee or Tenant of any Lands or Grounds charged with Rates or Taxes imposed by this ACi, who shall hold such Lands or Grounds by virtue of or under any Lease or Leases from any Bishop or Collegiate Church or College, or any Ecclesiastical Corporation Sole/or, Aggregate, or by virtue of or under any other Lease or Agreement, of which other Lease or Agreement there shall at the Time of passing this Act be more than Seven Years to come and unexpired, shall be entitled to deduct the said Rates or Taxes, or any of them, out of the Rent reserved or made payable by any such Lease or Agreement, but that the said Rates and Taxes shall be charged upon and paid by the Lessees or Tenants so holding such Lands or Grounds as aforesaid; and that all anti every LefTte or Lessees, Tenant or Tenants of any Lands or Grounds charged with the said Rates and Taxes by virtue of or under any other Lease or Agreement in which there shall be Seven Years or less to coine and unexpired, shall pay such an Advance of Rent as the said Commissioners at any of their Meetings shall order, as a Consideration for the Benefit which such Tenant or Tenants shall or may receive by means of this Act.

( . .; J.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That nothing in the said recited Act or this Act contained shall extend to charge any Leifor or Lessors with the Payment of the Rates or Taxes, pr any of them, by the said recited Act or this Act charged, contrary to any express Stipulation made or contained in or by any Lease or L-ases, Agreement or Agreements, in which it hath been agreed that the Rates, Taxes, or Assefftncntsfor the D;ainage or Prefer vation of any of the said Lands and Grounds comprized in or demised by any such Lease or Leases, Agreement or Agreements, shall be paid by the Lessee or Lessees thereof} any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And, fur enforcing the due and punctual Payment of the Rates and Taxes by this Act charged } be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons subject or fable to the Payment of the said Rates or Taxes, or ary Part thereof, shall omit or neglect to pay the fame, or any Part thereof, to the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners to receive and collect the fame, for the Space of Twenty Days next after the respective Days or Times ’appointed for Payment of the fame by the said Com-ir.iffloners, Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of the respective Times of such Payments having been previously given by the said Collector or Collectors,

Beneficial

Lessees not to he allowed to dedu& Taxes*

Tenants to pay Rato, &e.

Certain Leases or Agreement, not to be affected.

Penalty on Persons neglecting to pay the Rates.

344 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 43-

Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, dr other Person or Persons appointed as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons who is cr are liable to pay the fame, either by delivering lech Notice to him, her, or them, or leaving the fame at hi?, her, or their i fual Place or Places or Ab ide} or if such last-, mentioned Person or Persons shall nor have any PI ce of Abode within either of the said Parishrs of Wisbech Stint Peter's or Wjbtcb Saint Mary’s, or the fairi Hamlets of Wifbeib Mur cw or Wtjbe.h Guy hirst, then by affixing such Noiice upon the Church Door it ihe Parish where such Lands and Grounds or ar.y Part thereof shall lie. and which Notice shall be and be deemed and taken to be a full and suffic ent Noiice to all Persons concerned of the Day of Payment of such Rate? and Taxes; rhen and in every such Case every Person so omitting or neglecting shall so'feit and pay to the said Commissioners, by way of Penalty for every such Omission, Keglect, or Non-payment, the Sum of One Penny for every Shilling of the said Rates and Taxes which shall be so in arrear and unpaid, and so in Proportion for any less Sum than One Shilling, and such Penalty shall be paid to the Collector or Cul'e&ers, Receiver < r Receiveis of such Rates and Taxes, or to such Pcif m or Persons as the said Commissioners shall appoint to receive the same; and in Default of Payment thereof to such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or to such other Person or Persons as aforesaid, on Demand, every such Penalty shall and may be levied and recove-ed by such Way^ and Means, and in such and the same Manner as the Rates and Taxes hrreby charged, or any of them, mayor can be levied and recovered; and ali such Penalties, when received, shall be applied by the said Commissioners ta carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution.

Power of

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any P. rfon or Persons shall

C|,tref*Non re^ulc> omir» or neglect to pay all or any Part of the Rates or Taxes which

j>aym°nu°n* he, she, or rhey is and are hereby made liable to pay and discharge, for the Space of Two Calendar Months next after the Days or Times which shall be appointed for Payment of the fame respcClivdy, or shall refule, omit, or negletft to pay all or any Part of the Penalty or Penalties which shall become due by reason of Non-payment thereof, then and in every such case it shall and may be lawful to and for the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of the said Rates and Taxes, or any other Person or Persons, by virtue of any Warrant cr Precept under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners or any Three of them (which Warrant or Precept the said Commissioners or any Three of them are hereby authorized and required from Time to Time to grant and make, as Occasion shall require, whether assembled at a Meeting or not) to enter into and upon all or any Part of the Lands and Grounds htreby taxed and charged as aforesaid, for which such Rates, Taxes or Penalties shall be due and owing, and all Mef. fuages and Tenements thereupon flat ding and thereto belonging, with the Appurtenances, and to levy the Sum or Sums of Money due and owing or payable for such Rates anu Taxes by such Person or Persons having refund, omitted, or neglected to pay the lame, and also to levy the Sum or Sums of Money due and owing by such Person or Persons as last aforesaid, by way of Penalty for the Non-paym.nt of such Rates and Taxts orof any Part theieu), by Distrcfs of the Goods, Chattels, and Effi Ch which shall or may be found there n, orof a sufficient Part thereof; and the Goods, Chattels, and Effcdh which shall be (o distrained, to impound and keep on the Premises, or»o take, lead, drive, carry away, and keep for the Space of Five Days, at the Costs and Charges of the Person or Persons 4 liable

845

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

liable to pay the said Rates, Taxes, or Penalties, leaving at such Messuages or I enements, Lands, Grounds or Premises, or delivering to the Occupier, or one of the Occupiers of the fame. Notice in Writing of such Dilfrel's having been made, and of the cause thereof, and of the Place or Places where such Distress may be found or be taken, driven away to, or impounded and kept, and in case the Sum or Sums of Money for which any such Diitrefs shall have been made, and all Costs, Charges, and Expences attending such Distress shall not be paid and discharged to the Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers of such Rates or Taxes, or to the Person or Persons making such Distress, within Five Days next after the making of such Distress, and Notice thereof given as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Person or Persons so making such Distress shall and may, with the Constable or Headborough of the Parish where such D ftrtfs shall have been made (who is hereby directed, upon being thereunto required, to assist therein), cause the Goods, Chattels, and Effects so distrained to be appraised by Two or more indifferent Persons, to be sworn by such Constable or Headborough (who is hereby required and empowered to administer the proper and necessary Oath or Oaths), and such Two Persons are hereby required to appraise the lame according to the best of their Judgments, and after such Appraisemcnc it shall and may be lawful so and for such Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers, or other Person or Persons making such Distress, to fell or cauls to be sold the Goods, Chattels, and Effects so distrained, for the best Piice or Pdces that can be reasonably had or gotten for the fame, for and towards Satisfaction of the Monies for which such Distress and Sale shall be so made, and of the Colls, Charges, and Expences of taking, keeping, appraising, and felling the fame, rendering the Overplus of the Money arising from such Sale, if any, on Demand, to the Person or Persons entitled thereto.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That when and so often as it shall happen that the Lands for or in respect of which any such Rates or Taxes as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or any Penalty or Penalties for the Nonpayment of any such Rates or Taxes shall be due and unpaid, shall be unoccupied, or that no sufficient Distress can be found thereon for levying the fame Rates or Taxes and Penalties, then and in every such Case such Lands shall be and remain a Security for the Payment of all such Rates, Taxes, and Penalties respectively so due and unpaid, and all Goods, Chattels and Effects which shall at any Time thereafter be found on such Lands shall and may be distrained, impounded, kept, appraised, and fold in Manner aforesaid, until all the Rates and Taxes then due and owing for or in respect of such Lands, and all Penalties which shall have become payable by the Non-payment thereof at the Times aforesaid, and all Colls, Charges, and Expences incident to every such Distress and Sale, shall be fully paid, satisfied and discharged.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Laid Commissioners, or the major Pa't of them, assembled at any Annual Meet* uij to be holden alter the passing of this Act (at which respective Meetings Five Commissioners at the lead shall be present), and they are hereby empowered from Time to Time to raise and borrow, over and above the Monies authorized to be boi rowed under \the said recited Act, by the Ways and Means heTein-after mentioned, any Sum or Sums of Money which they shall think necessary for the Purposes of the said recited Act

|'Lee. Per.] 1 o E and

Lands fore-main liable if no Distrel* found.

Pdwer Tor

Coinmiftirfh. ®r» so bo*-! ow further Money, not tx-

an t ailU n Ratea :«nd Taxci for Security.

846 49* GEORGII ill- Cap. 43.

and of this Act .not exceeding in the whole thrSum of Four thousand Pounds, upon such Mortgages and Alignments, in Shares of One hundred Pounds each, as shall be judged most convenient f >r railing the fame, or such Parc thereof as shall or may not be taken upon Annuities as hereirt-after provided for; and by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to mortgage and assign ever all or any Part of the said R itts and Taxes lo to be rated, taxed, and charged as aforesaid, to the Person or Persons advancing or lending the fame, or to his, her, or their Trullee or Trustees, as a Security i r the Re-payment of the Principal Sum and Sums of Money so to be bortowed, with lawful Imereft lor the lame, the Coils and Charges of every such Mortgage or Alignment to be paid by the said CommilTtontrs out Cf the Monies to be collected by virtue of this Act; and every such Mortgage or Alignment may be in the Words or to the Efiedl following; (that is to say),

Tmm of ‘ virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty-ninth Year of

Mintage. * the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [jnfert the 4 ‘Title of this Aifj, We of the Cornnuflioners

* lor executing the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of

‘ Pounds now advanced and paid by A.B. to the Treasurer appointed by virtue of the said Act, do hereby assign un o the said ‘ A.B. [or, to his Truiree or Trustees, as the Case may he] his Executor',

* Admimtlrators, and Assigns, the Rates and Afiefhnenis to be made ‘ and colitdled by virtue of this Act, with all Powers and Authorities for

* collecting and raising the lame Rates and Aflrflrnents under the said 1 Ait, to have, hold, receive, and take ti c fame to and for his and their own Ule and Benefit, tiom this Day of

* until the said Sum of with Interest

* at the.Rate of per Centum per Annum for the Lire, shall be repaid. In witness whereof we the said Commissioners have hereunto

* set uur Hands and Seals the Day of

4 in the Year

And all and every Person and Persons to whom such Mortgage or Assign-mtni of the said Ra-es shall be made, shall be in Proportion to the Sum or Sums the etn mentioned Ctcditors on the said Rates equally one with another, and shall have no Preference in respect to the Priority of advancing such Money.

■'Money may

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said Commissioners

Iforiuiuei'*1 <ir an^ ®*ve or more°f them shall think it advilable or more advanta-ic-

"ul us to r.ife Part of the Money nectflary for the Purposes of the said recited Act or this Act, by the granting of Annuities for Lives, that then it lhult be lawful for the said Commissioners or any Five or more of them ai d they are hereby authorized and empowered, by Writing under their hands and Seals, tog^ant Annuities out of the Rates or Assessments to be raised and made by virtue of' this Act, to any Person or Persons who shall contribute, advance, and pay into the Hands of the Treasurer to be appointee by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, any Sum or Sums of Money fot the abfoiu.t Purchase of any Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the natural Life of every such Contributor, or cf such Perl an as shall be nominated by or on Behalf of such Contributor at the 1 'me of the Payment of his or her Contribution or Purchase Money, To as that such Annuities be granted according to the Regulations hereinafter

847

49° GEORGII III. Cap.-43.

sffer prescribed, and so as that no such Annuity do in any Case exceed the Rate of Ten Pounds for every One hundred Pounds for a Year* and io as that the whole Money to be raised by granting Annuities as aforesaid, do not exceed the Sum of One thousand Pounds: And the Grant of every such Annuity may be in the Words or to the Eficft following) (that is to lay),

£ T>Y virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Forty-ninth Year ‘ the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, intituled, [infa t the

* Title of this Act'], We of fhe Commilhcn-rs

* for executing the said Act, in Consideration of the Sum of

* now paid by to the Treasurer, appointed in pursuance of the said Act, do hereby grant and secure unto

* the said his [or, her] Executors, Administrators and

* Assigns, an Annuity of out of the Rates made or a fie (Ted

* or to be made or aff fled by virtue of the said Act, which said Annuity shall

•* be paid to the said or his [or, herj Executors, Admint-

* fbators, and Assigns, at by equal Half-yearly

« Payments; (that is to say) on (he Day of

■ and the Day of in every Year

* during the natuial Life and up to the Day of the Death of cue laid

‘ and the first Payment thereof shall be made

‘ upon the Day of now next ensuing.

* In witness wh- reof we have hereunto set cur Hands and Seals the

* Day ot in the Year of our Lord

Firm of Grant.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That every such Grant shall be good,

valid, and effectual in the Law; and every Annuity so to be granted as the K«ie». aforesaid, shall be and is hereby charged upon, and shall be payable and paid from Time to Time out of the Rates and Assessments by this Act directed to be made, and out of the Money to arise and be paid by virtue thereof; and all and every the Contributor or Contributors, Purchaser or Purchasers of Annuities respectively as aforesaid, upon the Credit of this Act, duly paying the Consideration or Purchase Money for any such Annuities as aforesaid, or such Person or Persons as he, she, or they shall appoint, or his, her, or their respective Assigns, shall have, receive, and tnjoy the said respective Annuity,or Annuities during the Term of the natural Life of the Person to be nominated by each such Purchaser as before-mentioned; and that all and every such Purchaser and Purchasers and their Assigns respectively, shall have good, sure, absolute, and inde-feasible Personal Estates and Interests in the Annuities so by them respectiv ly purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, and that the said Annuities shall be paid and payable at such Place, within the Town of Wisbech, and on such Days in every Year, as shall be mentioned in such Grant, and that it shall not be necessary, in order to render valid the Grant of any such Annuity to enrol a Memorial thereof, pursuant to the Provisions contained in an Act passed in the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for registering the Grants of Life Annuities, and for the belter Protection of Infants against such Grants.

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for all and every Person and Perftjns, to whom any Mortgage or AfEgnment, or Grant >»"» may af.

J r »ign their S#.

0* cuntici.

8+8

Form of Tv&ntfer.

Copies of Seem itie« and Tramfers to be entered in * book.

F»*rt of An. jinnies >o be granted.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

cf Annuity, shall be made by virtue of this Act, or who shall be entitled to the Money thereby secured at any Time or Time*, by Writing under their Hands and Seats, to assign or transfer his, her, or their Security or Securities, and Right to the Principal Money and Interest, or Annuity, thereby secured, unto any other Person or Persons, and every such Assignee may in like Manner transfer again, and so tolies qustres; and that every such Alignment or Transfer may be in the Words or to the Effect. following (that is to say),

* r-po all to whom these Presents shall come. I of

« -*■ in the County of fend greeting:

‘ Whereas by a certain Mortgage or Allignment [or, Grant of Annuity, as ‘ the Case may be'], bearing date the Day of

« under the Hands and Seals of the Commissioners

‘ acting in the Execution of an Act passed in the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, An All [here fetforth the

* Title cf this Act) all and every the Rates, Taxes and AHcfTmetits granted

* or payable by tire said Act, which were aligned to me in Manner therein

« mentioned, for securing the Sum of by me advanetd and

* paid, with IntereU thereon [or. Annuity of was

* granted to me out of the said Rates or Assessments [as the Case maybe].

■ Now I do, in Confide ration of the Sum of to me paid

« by of in the of

1 transfer unto the said the said Mortgage

* or Alignment [or. Grant of Annuity] with all my Right and Title to

* the Principal and Inrereft [or, Annul y] thereby secured, and now due 1 unto me, or to grow due thereon. Witness my Hand and Seal, this

‘ Day of

XXI. And be it further enacted, That G pies cf ail Mortgages or Af* signments, and Grants of Annuities, to be made in pursuance of this Act, fh^iI be entered in a Book or Books to be kept for that Purpose by the Clerk to the said Commissioners; and that every Transfer of any such Mortgage, Alignment, or Grant of Annuity, shall be notified within Three Calendar Months after the Date thereof to the Clerk or Clerks to the said Commissioners, who shall enter a Copy or Memorial thereof (containing the Date of such Transfer, the Names of the Parties thereto, and the Sum or Sums of Money therein mentioned to be transferred) in the said Book or Books to be kept by him or them lor entering the original Mortgages or Alignments, or Grants of Annuity, for which he or they shall be paid by the Person or Persons to whom such Alignment or Transfer shall be made, the Sum of Five Shillings, and no more; and that after such Copy or Memorial (Hall befo entered (and not before), every such Transfer shall entitle the Afngnee or Assignees therein named, and his, her, and their Executors, AdnnniUrators, or Aligns, to the Benefit of the original Mortgage or Alignment, or Giant of Annuity, so tramferred to him or them, and to the Payment of the Monies due and to grow due thereon.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Annuity shall be granted by the said Commissioners to any Person being under the Age ot Forty Years, at a higher Rate than Nine Pounds/erCf»/«,orbeing above the Age of Forty Years, at more than Ten Pounds per Centum, or for Two or more Lives, at more than Eight Pounds per Centum; and all

7 the

$49

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

the said Annuities shall be redeemable by the said Commissioners, on their giving Six Calendar Months Notice in Writing to the Person or Persons entitled thereto, and paying to them respectively the original Sum paid for such Annuity, with Six Months Annuity in advance for the same.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the Rates and Taxes to be T«s*e»ed assessed, rated, taxed, and charged by virtue of this Act, and such Rates An'ilui-and Taxes as are now due under the said recited Act, shall be and are tarn*, hereby charged and chargeable with and for the Payment of all and every

Sum and Sums of Money which have or hath been borrowed by virtue of the said recited Act, and now remain due, and the Interest of such Monies respectively, and with and for the Payment of all and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be borrowed by virtue of this Act, and the Interest thereof, and of any Annuity or Annuities to be granted as aforesaidj and shall vest in the respective Creditors and Annuitants upon default of Payment of such Principal Monies and Interest, and Annuities, until the same shall be fully paid and satisfied, together with the Costsand Charges occasioned by the Non-payment thereof; and the said Creditors and Annuitants respectively, and their respective Executors, Administrators and Assigns, shall have the fame Powers, Rights and Privileges of raising, recovering, and enforcing Payment of the said Rates and Taxes for the satisfying and discharging to them respectively such Principal Monies and Interest, and Annuities (if Default shall be made in Payment thereof as the same shall become due) as the said Commissioners or their Collector or Collectors, Receiver or Receivers have or would have had by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, in case the said Principal Monies, Interest and Annuities, had been regularly paid and satisfied,

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Commission-Commissioners to make or cause to be made, raised, cut, built, and set

•up, in, through, upon, or over any Lands or Grounds, in, through, upon, furth:r or over which they are by the said recited Act authorized or empowered Works* to make any Works all such further and other Cuts, Drains, Banks,

Bridges, Dams, Headings, Outlets, Mills, Engines, Sluices, and other Works, as they shall think necessary for the better draining and preserving of the said Lands and Grounds, and the said near Works to be made by virtue of and under this Act, as well as those already made or hereafter to Ire made, under and by virtue of the said recited Act, shall be veiled in and be the Property of the said Commissioners and their Successors for the Time being; and that it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, their Servants, Workmen, and Agents, and they are hereby authorized and empowered from Time to Time, as they shall think proper, 'o enter upon, divide off, take, and ule any of such Lands and Grounds as aforesaid, as they shall judge necessary to be cut, dug, taken, or used for making any such new Cuts, Drains, Banks, Bridges, Dams, Headings, Outlets, Mills, Engines, Sluices, or other Works, to be made or used under and by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act •, they the said Commissioners making Satisfaft on for such Lands or Grounds taken, and Damages ‘done, in Manner herein-afeer mentioned.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall pu,chafe of have full Bower and Authority to agree with the Proprietors of and Persons interested in any Lands c.r Hereditaments which they shall judge ne- for'bamTjet.

[Tar. y Per.] 10F crflary

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 43*

cessary to be cut, dug, taken, or used, for making any of the Banks, Bridges, Curs, Drains, Dams, Headings, Outlets, or other Work', under and 'by virtue of this Act, for the Purchase of such Lands and Hereditaments, or for the Recompence to be made to such Proprietors and Persons intctelltd for the Damages they may i'uftain, and also to settle and ascertain in what Proportion the Sum or Sums lo agreed for shall be paid to the several Persons interested in the Premises; and that it shall be lawful for all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Corporations Aggregate or Sole, Husbands, Guardians, Trustees, Feoffees in Trust, Committees, Executors, Administrators, and all other Trustees whatsoever, not only for and on behalf of themselves, their Heirs and Successors, but also for and on behalf of their Cestuique Trulls, whether Infants or Hue unborn, lunatics, Idiots, Femes Covert, or ocher Person or Persons who are or shall be ftifed of or interested in their own Rights, and to and for all and every other Person and Peifons whomsoever who are or shall be ftifed, po fie fled of, or interested in any such. Lands or Hereditaments, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to contract for, sell and convey unto the Paid Commissioners, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, any Lands or Hereditaments for the Purposes aforesaid, or to agree with the said Commissioners for any Recompence or Compensation to be made for the Damages which may be done to any such Lands or Hereditaments by the Execution of any of the Powers of this Act; and all such Contradls, Sales, Conveyances, and Agreements shall be valid and tffcdlual in Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and all Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, and all Persons whomsoever, are hereby indemnified for what they or any of them shall lawfully do in pursuance of this Act; and all such Person or Persons to whom any such Lands or Hereditaments shall be conveyed, and his or their Heirs, shall Hand seised thereof in Trust for the Purposes of this Act, and convey and dispose of the fame from Time to Time, as the Paid Commissioners shall direct or appoint.

On refusal of

XXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case any *r/atP'benva- such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Trullee or Trustees, or other ire ot Land Person or Persons interested or concerned as aforesaid, shall for the Space Dams" «to t* Fourteen Days alter Notice in Writing given to the principal Officer asceruinVd by or Officers of such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or to such a jury. Trullee or Trustees, Person or Persons respectively, or left at his, her, or the r or any of their resptdlive last or usual Place or Places of Abode, or at the House or kft or usual Place or Places of Abode of the Tenant or Tenams, Occup er or Occupiers of such Lands or Hereditaments, ne-gledt or retufe to treat, or shall not agree with the said Commissioners, or by reason of Absence or otherwise, shall be prevented from Heating, or shall not trear, then and in every such Case the said Commissioners may and they are hereby authorized, empowered and required Fourteen Days at le-ft bifere any General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the Lid IJlc of Ely, within Six Calendar Months after the said Lands or Hereditaments shall have been used, or the said Damage done, to give or cause to be given to the Party or Parties whose Lands or Hereditaments shall have been fa ultd or damaged, or to leave or cause to be left at the last or usual Place or Places of Abode of such Party or Parties, or any of them rtfptflively, oc at the last or usual Place or Places of Abode of the "Tenant or Tenants in Pofltffion of the Premises, a Notice in Writing,

purporting

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 43. 851

purporting that the Value of such Lands or Hereditaments, or the Amount of the Damage or Injury sustained will be adjusted and settled by a Jury at the said Sessions; and the Justices at their said Sessions, cr any Adjournment thereof, shall and are hereby authorized and required to charge the Jury which shall attend at such Sessions or Adjournment, or some other Jury of Twelve honest and substantial Men, to be then and there impannelled and returned by the Bailiff of the said 7fie cf Ely, and cause them to be sworn well and truly, on their Oaths, to assess the Value of the Lands or Hereditaments, and the Recompence to be given for the fame, or for any Damage or Injury sustained as aforesaid, to the respective Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, having any Interest therein, or to the Owner or Owners thereof, according to their respective Interests to which said Juries the said Commissioners, and all Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, shall have their lawful Challenges when they come to be sworn; and the Clerk of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely is hereby authorized and required, upon Application made to him by any of the Parties interested, by Subpoena or Summons under his Hand, to call before the Justices at such Sessions or Adjournment thereof, any Person or Persons wholhall be thought proper to be examined touching or concerning the Premises; and the said Jury upon their Oaths (which Oaths, and also the Oaths to be taken by the Persons who shall appear or be summoned to be examined and give Evidence as aforesaid, the said Justices at their said Sessions are hereby empowered and required to administer) shall ascertain and award the Recompence to be given for the said Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Damage or Injury which shall have been done as aforesaid, to the respective Person or Persons, Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Owner or Owners thereof, or interested therein; and the said Justices shall and may give Judgment according to the Verdict of the said Jury, which Verdict of the said Jury, and the Judgment thereupon declared and pronounced by the said Justices, shall finally bind and be conclusive to the said Commissioners, and all Persons and Parties interested in the said Lands or Hereditaments, and shall be entered and kept among the Records of the Quarter Sessions for the said Isle of Ely; and the fame or true Copies thereof, being signed by the Clerk of the Peace for the said Isle oj Ely, shall be deemed and taken as good Evidence in all Courts of Law or Equity; and all Persons may have Recourse thereto, and take Copies thereof or Extracts therefrom, on paying the usual Fees in Cafes of the like Nature.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where a Verdict ExpencesoF shall be given for more Montes as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any ^lunon'i0* Lands or Hereditaments of any Person or Persons whomsoever, or for any Damage to be done to any Lands or Hereditaments of any Person or Persons than had been previously offered by or on Behalf of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, then all the Expences of taking such Inquests shall be settled by the said Justices, and be defrayed by the said Commissioners cut of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act; but if any Verdict shall be given or made for the same Sum, or for aless Sum than had been previously offered by or on behalf of the said Commissioners as aforesaid, or in case no Damage shall be given by the Verdict where the Dispute is for Damages only, then and in every such Case the Colts and Expences of taking such Inquest shall be settled in like Manner by the said Justices, and be borne and paid by the Owner or Owners of, or other Person

$51 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 43-

P.-rfon or Pci Tons interested in the Lands or Hereditaments in question, which said Costs and Expences, having been so settled, shall and may be deducted out of the Money so assessed and adjudged, where the same shall exceed such Costs and Expences, as so much Money advanced to and for the Use of such Person or Persons, and the Payment or lender of the Remainder of such Monies shall be deemed and taken, to all Intents and Purposes, to be a Payment or Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so a He fled and adjudged, or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid on Demand, after being so ascertained and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the said Commissioners, in and by such £ Ways and Means as are herein provided for Recovery of the Rates and Taxes to be raised and levied by virtue of this Act: Provided always, that whenever any Person or Persons shall by reaton of Absence or otherwise have been prevented from treating, such Costs, Charges, and Expences shall be borne and defrayed by the said Commissioners out of the Monies to be raised by virtue of this Act.

Appiirntion of

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed wherfexcred- or awar^cd to be paid for any Lands or Hereditaments purchased, taken bg iooi. or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Purposes aforesaid, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Act or this Act mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the said Comm Tuners, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied, under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or in the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame I.ands or Hereditaments, or affecting any other Lands or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the hame or the like Uses, Trusts, Barents, or Purposes; or where such Monty shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court in the Purchase of any other Lands or H ere-ditaments, which shall be conveyed or (etiled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect; and in i he mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money (h ill, by Order of the said Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced B..nk Annuities; and in the mean Time ai d until the said Ba. k Annuities shall be oidered by the said C >urt to be sold for the Purports aforesaid, the Divi 'ends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said

Court,

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 43. 853

Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands or Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any j!enr()|00 Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands or Heredita- amnunting to ments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and b"longing

to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the fame fl ail, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Kents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Natne and with the Privity of the 1'a‘nl Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the Manner herein-'oefore directed, or othrrwife the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making futh Option, and approved of by Three or more of the said Commissioners (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in Manner herein-berore directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XXX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Under iot. Money lo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be paid to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands or Hereditaments so purchaltd, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act; or in cale of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and fer the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons incafrof to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of xitu"* any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited &c.

Act and this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Commissioners, or in case the Person or Persons to whom any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any Three or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands or [Lee. ft? Per.] i e> G Here-

854- 49° GGEORGII III. Cap.\%.

Hereditaments [describing theni], subject to the Order, Controul, and Dif- of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the lame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and ir.vclfed in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest: of the Person cr Persons nuking Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cadiiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such i Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whole Ui'e the fume is or arc received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

Where any Question shall anse touching ihe Title to Money to be paid, the I'erlon who shall he in Post'eflion of the Liruis at the Time of such rurchafe shall be deemed entitled thereunto accot cling to such Poildhon.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money ro be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said iciicd Act or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands or Hetediraments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchahd in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bmk Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Poss.-lfion of such Lands or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Perion1-, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall he deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments according to such Poftcfllon, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and dispoletl of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Puffclfion, and thac some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or lateral therein.

Court of

XXXILI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That whefe,byrcafon

Chnnc'rier aily ^lability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corpotation, entitled to any Lands or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Au-Expences of thority of the said recited Act or this Act, the Purchase Money for the h?"'!dbyihe fame shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, a d TruiUes. to be applied in the Purehale of other Linds or Hereditaments to he •settled to the like Uses, in pursuance of the said rec i’ed Act or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchass from Time- to lime to be made in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the neceliaiy Costs and Charges of obtaining such G.der, to be paid by the aid Comm fliuncra or any Three or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money lor such Porpoles as the said Court shall direct.

49° GGEORGII HI. Cap. 43. 855

XXXIV. And whereas by means of the Purchases which the said Commissioners are empowered to make by virtue of this Act, they may happen ei, to ,fc|’j ' to be seised of more Land or Ground than will be p.ecessary for efleding the pur-

Purposes of this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it dial I be lawful wanted

for the said Commissioners or any Three or more of them, to fell and dll’- for the Purpose of any Piece or Pieces of such Land or Ground: Provided always, that the said Commissioners, before they shall sell and dispose of any such Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground shall first offer to rcfell the same to the Person or Persons from whom they shall have purchased such Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground; and in case such Person or Persons respectively shall not then and thereupon agree, or shall rtfufe to purch.fe or re-purchase the fame respectively, an Affidavit to be made and fwern before a Master Extraordinary in the High Court of Chancery, or before one of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Isle of Ely, by some Person or Persons not interested in the said Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground, dating that such Offer was made by or on the Behalf of the said Commissioners, and that such Offer was net then and thereupon agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons to whom the fame was le> offered, shall in all Courts whatever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and was not agreed to, or was refused by the Person or Persons ro whom such Offer was made, as the Case may be; and in case such Person or Persons shall be deftrous of purchasing or re-purchasi g the fame, and he, she, or they, and the said Commissioners, shall differ or not agree with respect to the Price thereof, in such Case the Price or Prices thereof shall be ascertained by a Jury in Manner herein-before directed, with respect to disputed Value of Premifrs to be purchased by the said Commissioners in purfuar.ee of this Act, and the Expence of hearing and determining such Difference shall be borne and paid in like Manner as herein-before directed, with respect to such Purchase made by the said Commissioners mutatis mutandis; and the Money to anfc by the Sale or Sales which may be made by the said Commissioners of fcch Piece or Pieces of Land or Ground as aforesaid, shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act, but the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall not be answerable or accountable for any Mtlap-pliration or Non-application of such Money.

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners at Commiinon. their laid General Meeting in every Year, or at the first Adjournment thereof, shall and may, and they are hereby authorized and required to opening and appomt One or mote Officer or Officers for the Purpose of opening and xunnefSamin (hutting down the Tunnels and Sluices already set down or to be letdown and made use of in the Execution of the said recited Act or this Act, to pp.int and that no such Tunnel o; Tunnels, Sluice or Sluices, shall at any Timeor JhatPurpTft, Times be opened or ihut down but by the Lid Officer or Officers, or by his or their Dtreftion, and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lid Commissioners at the said General or adjourned Meetings, to make such Order or Orders touching the opening or (hutting down of the said Tunnels and Sluices as they shall think proper; and that the said Officer or Officers, and all and every other terson and Persons who shall open or (hut down the said Tunnels wid Sluices, or any of them, contrary to such Order or Orders of the said Commissioners, being thereof convicted before any Two or more Just ices of the Peace for the said Isle of Ely, (who are hereby authorized and required to hear and determine the fame on the Oath of One or more W’itness or Witnesse', which Oath or Oarhs such Justices arc

hereby

856 Ac/ GEORGII III. Cap. 4^.

hereby empowered to administer, or on the Confession of the Party or Parties so offending), shall for every such Offence forteic and pay a Sum of Money not exceeding the Sum of Twenty Pounds, as the said Justices shall order and direct, to the Did Commissioners, for the fame Purposes for which the Rates, Taxes, aid Assessments are hereby directed to be applied-, and on Non-payment of such Forfeiture, on Demand, it Hull be lawful for such Joflices to order the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattels, and Cattle of all and every such Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices before whom such Conviction shall be made; and in case no such Di if re Is can be made or taken, the Person or Persons so offending shall by the said Justices be commitied to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time as the said Justices shall respectively older and direct, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, at the Difcrttion of the said Justices by whom such Commitment shall be made.

Penalty on persont peril hung bwine to ilray on the B.tnks, Jtc.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times hereafter permit or differ his or their Hogs or Swine to stray upon any of the Banks alieadv made and raised, or to be made and raised by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act; or on the Forelands of the said Banks or any of them,or shall at ar.y Time make or cause to be made any Watering Place or Places of Access for Cattle to drink in any of the public Drains already made and uled, or to be made and used by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, or shall continue to use any such Drain for a Watering Place, afrtr Ten Days Notice in Whiting to the contrary thereof given 10 him, her, or them, by the Colltftor or Receiver, or other Person cr Persons authorized by the said Comm.f. ftoners; or shall use any of the said Drains for the Wash-ng of Sheep, or shall dig or throw out any Pond, P.t, or Watering, in any of the said Lands and Grounds within Forty Feet of any Drain already made or to be in-dr, and used for the draining and improving of the said Lands ana G'O nds as aforesaid; or shall at any Time or limes hereafter let down a. y Net: or Nets, or make use of any Glares, Pil'grfrs, or other Inltrumems or Engines for the catching or taking < f any Fish in any of lie Drains already thrown out and used, or to be thrown out and uled for the Purposes aforesaid, without a Special Licence and Authority in Writing under the Hands of Three or more of the said Commissioners, to him, her, or them for that Purpose given, (and loch Licence or Authority being granted in pursuance of an Order of the said Commissioners assembled at a Meeting, and not otherwise), all and every Inch Perfuii and Persons lo offending, being thereof convicted before Two or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the Isle of Ely, who are hereby authorized and required 10 hear and determine fuih Oiiences on the Oath of one or more competent Witness or Witnessirs (whirh Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer) or on the Conftliion of the Party or Parties 10 ctiending, shall for every such Offence or Offences forfeit and pay such Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, as the said Justices shall respectively older and adjudge; and in any of the Cafes aforesaid the said Juliices are hereby authorized and empowered to otder and direct such Proportion or Proportions of all and every the Sum or Sums of Money to be lo ordered and adjudged as aforesaid, to be paid to the Person or Pci Ions giving Information of any of the Offences above-mentioned as they the said Justices shall think proper; and that the Residue of all and every

857

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 43.

such Sum or Sums so to be ordered and adjudged as aforesaid, shall be paid to the said Commissioners, and applied by them to the fame Purposes as the said Affefiftu-nts, Rates, and Taxes, are hereby directed to be applied; and it shall be lawful for such Justices, aftei Demand shall have been made, and Payment of any of the Sum or Sums of Money to be so ordered and adjudged as aforesaid, having been refused, to cause the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods, Chattel', and Cattle of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justices; and for want of a sufficient Distress, the Person or Persons so offending shall be committed by such Justices to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for such Time as the said Justices shall order and adjudge, not exceeding Three Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the said Justices by wham such Commitment shall be made.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Monies now in the Hands of the Treasurers, Collectors, or other Officers acting under the said recited Act, and all Arrears, Rates, and Taxes, now due upon or by virtue of the said recited Act, and the Monies to arise from the Rates, Taxes, and Affdfments by this Act imposed as aforesaid, and all pecuniary Penalties and Forfeitures, and all other Monies to be received, levied, or recovered by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, the Application whereof is not otherwise by the said recited Act or this Act directed, shall be and the same are hereby vested in the said Commissioners, and shall be by them applied and disposed of in the Manner following; (that is to say), in the first Place, in paying and defraying the Costs, Charges and Expences of obtaining and passing this Act, and the Interest of all Monies advanced for that Purpose, and then in discharge of all such Debts as have been contracted by the Commissioners acting under the said recited Act, in making and repairing the several Works of Drainage thereby authorized to be made, or otherwise, for the Purposes of the said recited Act, and which are now due and unpaid, and in discharge of the Interest of all such Monies as have been or shall be borrowed and taken up at Interest, under or by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, and in Payment of any Annuity or Annuities to be granted by virtue of this Act, and for and towards the several Works of Drainage, and other Works, by the said re* cited Act and this Act authorized to be made, done, and executed, and towards the Support and Maintenance of the fame, and in Payment of the Consideration Money for any Lands or Hereditaments to be taken or uled under the Authority of this Act, and also- to apply any Surplus Money or Balance which may from Time to Time remain after the Payments aforesaid, in the Discharge of all such Principal Monies as have been or shall be borrowed and taken up at Interest, under the Authority or on Account of the said recited Act and this Act, and for the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act, and to and for no other Ule, Intent or Purposes whatsoever.

XXXVIII. And whereas certain of the Owners and Occupiers of Lands and Grounds drained by virtue of and under the said recited Act, did in or about the Year One thousand tight hundred and six, advance and pay several different Sums of Money amounting together to Four hundred and forty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings and Two-pence, for the Purpose of satisying and discharging certain Bills and Accounts then due and owing

[Lee. Cs5 Per.J iqH from

Appl:cjtioi» of Monica.

Author:z;nj Commitli <n-er« to repay Money ac-vanr.-d by Proprietors for the Pur-)>' fes of the Ail.

85S 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

from the said Commissioners,on account of the Works of Drainage made and ofed under the said Act, and the said several Sunrs of Money were paid into the Hands of the Treasurer to the said Comttiissioners, and by him applitd towards discharging such Bills: And whereas it is reasonable that all and tvny such Sum and Sums of Money ihuuld be reimbuifed and repaid to the Per fen and Persons who have adv need the lame; be it therefore further enacted, Ttrat it shall be lawful for the Commissioners appointed or :o be appointed by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, and they are hereby authorized and required, by and out of the Rates, Taxes, and Assessments to be assessed, rated, tax' d and charged at their Fiift Meeting to be held after the passing of this Act, to allow to such several Owners and Occupiers as have advanced and paid the said several Sums of Money, amounting as before-mentioned to the Sum of Four hundred and forty-seven Pounds Ten Shillings and Two-pence, the respective Proportions thereof which have been severally advanced and paid by them, and it shall and miy be lawful to and for all and every the fame last-mentioned Owners and Occupiers, to retain by and out of the said Rates, Taxes, and AITcffments to be laid, aff lf-d, an I charged upon their said Lands and Grounds respectively, at the said First Meeting to be held after the passing of this Act, all such Sum and Sums of Money as were so advanced and paid by them the said last-mentioned Owners and Occupiers respectively for the Pu'pufe above-mentioned.

Allowing err-

XXXIX. And whereas the Lands and Grounds in Sandylands, Siblle-'ai!' A The foolme, Siowcroft, Harveyfield, and Fenlar.d Field, being the Fields within The Nine H..n- Nine Hundred, have hitherto been drained by means of certain Tunnels, <! clf Btnc Sluices, and Drains communicating with the Red Engine only, and not ht'oftheic'r- with any of the other Engines built or used under the said recited Act-, gines e.tfteit and it may be expedient after the passing of this Act, to vary or alter the I"!;1'1 Drainage of fame of the said Fields, by permitting the Waters thereof the Pruprie- to run to the said other Engines; be it therefore further enacted, That the* 1 x 'c aI,d may he lawful for the said Commissioneir, at any of tr.e r General Annual Meetings to be holden under the said recited Act and this Act, upon Request in Writing to them made by the Proprietors of Four-fifths itfQuantiry of the Lands and Grounds in any of the said Fields within Fie Nine Hundred, to make such Orders for the Drainage of the said Fields respectively, by means of any of the Works already made and uiVd, or to be made and used under the said recited Act and this Act, as they the said Commissioners shall think proper, such Proprietors agreeing to contribure and pay for their respective Lands, the Drainage of which shall be lo altered, the highest Rate or Tax per Acre which shall be then payable for any Lands drained by virtue of the said recited Act and this Act, for and during the Time such Lands shall continue to be so drained; and that the Rates and Taxes which any Proprietor may subject himself to pay, by reaion of the Alteration in the Drainage of his Lands, shall and may be levied and recovered by the like Ways and Means as any Rate or Tax impolied or to be imposed by virtue of this Act can or may be levied and recovered.

Dlftiels not unlawful lor want of Porin,

XL. And be it further enacted, That when any Distress shall be made for any Sum or Sums of Money to be levied by virtue of this Act, the Dill refs shall not be deem-d unlawful, nor the Party or Parties making the same be deemed a TrespalTer er Trtfpallers on account of any DcLft

or

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 43.

or Want of Form in any Proceedings relating thereto,ner shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers, ab initio, on account of any Irregularity which shall afterwards be done by the Party qt Parties distraining, but the Person or Persons aggrieved by such Irregularity may recover full Satbfaction for the Special Damage in an Adfioo on the Cafe: Provided always, that no Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover in any Action or Adfiuns for any such Irregularity or other Proceedings, if Tender of sufficient Amends shall be made determined by or on the Bshaif of the Party or Parties who shall have committed such Irregularity, Trespass, or other wrongful Proceedings before such Action brought; and in ca’e no such Tender shall have been made, it shall be lawful for the Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, determined by Leave of the Court in which such Action shall be depending, at any Time before Issue joined, to pay into Court such Sum of Money as he or they shall see fie, whereupon such Proceedings, Order, and Judgments, shall be made and given in and by such Courts as in other Actions where the Defendant is allowed to pay Money into Court.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners may commissim-and shall, in all Cafes, sue and be sued in the Name of their Treasurer or ers may (ue Clerk; and that no Action, Suit or Information which may be brought, Nameof" commenced or filed, or Indictment which may be preferred or prosecuted, theii Trea-by or against the said Commissioners, or any of them respcdbvely, by fanror Cicrk. virtue or on account of the said recited Act or this Act, in the Name of their Treasurer or Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of any such Treasurer or Clerk, or by the Act of any such Treasurer or Clerk, without the Consent of the said Commissioners, but the treasurer or Clerk for the Time being to the said Commissioners shall always be deemed Plaintiff, Prosecutor, or Defendant, in any such Action,

Suit, Information, or Ihdidtment (as the Cale may be): Provided always, that every such Treasurer or Clerk, in whose Name any Action, Suit,

Information or Indictment shall be commenced, preferred, prosecuted, or defended, in pursuance of the Lid recited Act or this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arile by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, all such Goffs, Charges and Expences as he shall be put to, or become chargeable with, by reason of his being made Plaintiff, Prosecutor, or Defendant therein.

XLII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall Allowing a* think himself, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Act of the Com- APPeal" missioners, or determined by any Order or Orders of a Justice or Justices, done or made in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, every such Person or Persons may within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden in and for the said Isle of Ely, first giving to the Person or Persons appealed against, or to the Clerk of the said Commissioners, in cale the Appeal shall be made against any Act or Determination of the said Commissioners, Fourteen Days Notice in Writing of such Appeal, and of the Nature thereof, and within Two Days after such Notice entering into a Recognizance before some Justice of the Peace for the said Ille, with One or more fufneient Surety or Sureties conditioned to try such Appeal, and abide the Order and Award of the said Justices; and the said Justices shall, upon due Proof of such Notice and 5 Recog-

*59

Tender ttf Amentia*

86o 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 43*

Recognizance having been given and entered into, hear and determine the said Appeal at such General Quarter Sessions, or if they think proper may adjourn the Hearing thereof to the next General Quarter Sessions of the Peace to be holden for the said Isle; and the said Justices on the hearing and determining of every such Appeal, may award such Costs to the Party appealing or appealed against as the said Justices shall think proper, and shall and may at their Discretion discharge or mitigate all oi any of the Penalties or Forfeitures incurred by the Party or Panies appealing; and the Determination of the said Justices in the said Gencial Quarter billions or Adjournment thereof, shall be final, binding and conclusive, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

KxtemTing the

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Provisions the°fa!Ii°ai°to an^ Clauses in this Act, shall in the Execution of the said recited Act, be thisAa, kc. used, applied and construed, so far as the same are applicable, in like Manner as if the fame were fprcially enacted in the said recited Act; and all and every the Provisions and Clauses of the said recited Act (except where the same are by this Act expressly varied, altered, or repealed) shall in the Execution of this Act, be used and applied, expended and construed, in like Manner as if the fame Provisions and Clauses (except as aforesaid), were specially enacted in this Act.

[Public Act.]

XLIV. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

1

I

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 44.

An Act for inclosing and draining Lands in the ' Parishes of Thurlton, Haddifcoe., and Thorpe next Haddifcoe, in the County of Norfolk.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS there are within the Parish of Thurlton, in the County of Norfolk, certain Open and Inclosed Fields, MaTfh Lands, Fens, Commons and Waste Grounds: And whereas there are within the Par.fh of Haddifcoe, in the Paid County, certain Open and Inclosed Fields, lying on the North Side of a certain Lane called Peddars Lane, in the Paid Parish of Haddifcoe, running from the Church of Haddifcoe to the Parish of Raveningham; and also certain Open Fields, Doles and Marsh Lands lying in other Parts of the said Parish of Haddifcoe: And whereas there are within the Parish of Thorpe next Haddifcoe, in the said County, certain Open and Inclosed Fields and Marsh I.ands, and a Piece or Parcel of Commonable Marsh Land or Waste Ground, containing by Estimation Seven Acres, little more or less: And whereas Benjamin Barber Gentleman, is Lord of the several Manors of Thurlton Banyards, and Toft Overball and Net her hall, and in right thereof is or claims to be entitled to the Soil of the Lid Commons and Waste Grounds: And whereas the said Benjamin Barber, Sir Edmund Bacon Baronet, and divers other Persons respectirely are the Owners and Proprietors of all the Messuages, Cottages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Pituate within the said Parishes of Thurlton, Haddifcoe and Thorpe next Haddifcoe: And whereas an Act was passed in the horty-first Year of the Reign of [Loc. Ss3 Per.J 101 His

862

General Commissioaen*

ETeftirn of ne*- General Commission-«r«.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for confoHdating in one Act certain Provisions usually inserted in Acts of Inclosure; and for facilitating the Mode of proving the several Pails usually required on the passing of such Acts: And whereas the said Open and Inclol’ed Field Lands lie much disperfect, and are inconveniently situated for the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof; and the said Marsh Lands and Fens and the greater Part of the said Commons and Waste Grounds are frequently overflowed wich Water, and in their present State, for want of sufficient Drainage, yield but little Profit to the several Persons incerested therein: And whereas it would be advantageous to the several Persons interested in the Premises if the Rights of Common and other Rights at present existing over the said I'ens, Commons and Waste Grounds were exiinguished, and if the said Open and Inclosed Fields, Doles, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens and Waste Grounds were divided, and specific Parts or Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Estates, Rights, and Interests, and if such Marsh Lands, Fens, Commons and Waste Grounds were drained: But as such Extinguishment, Allotment and Drainage cannot be made and effected withouc the Authority of Parliament: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Robert Boyden, of North Cove in the County of Suffolk, Will m Repton, of Aylsham in the County of Norfolk, and John Crowfoot, ol Kejfingland in the said County of Suffolk, Gentlemen, and their Succellers, to be elected in Manner herein-after mentioned, shall be and they are hereby appointed General Commissioners for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the said Open and Inclosed Fields, Doles, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens and Waste Grounds, and for draining certain Parts thereof, and for carrying this Act into Execution, subject to such Powers, Authorities, Directions, Clauses and Provisions contained in the said recited Act a> are not altered, varied or otherwise provided for ip and by this Act; and that all Matters and Things authorized or necessary to be done and executed by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this and the said recited Act, may be done and executed by any Two of them; and the same shall be as good, valid and effectual, and shall have the fame Force and Effect as if such Acts, Matters and Things had been done and executed by all the Commissioners herein named, or to be appointed in Manner herein-after mentioned.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any of the General Commissioners herein named or to be appointed by virtue of this Act shall, before the Execution of all the Powers and Authorities hereby vested in him or them, die or refuse or become incapable to act in the Execution of this Act, then and in every such Case it shall be lawful for the surviving or remaining Commissioners or Commissioner, and they or he are and is hereby required at any Time within Forty Days next after such Death, Refusal or Incapacity shall be known to him or them, by Writing under their or his Hands or Hand, to appoint another Person (not being interested in the Premises) to be a General Commissioner in the Room or Stead of each General Commissioner so dying or refusing or becoming incapable to act; and every General Commissioner so to be appointed as aforesaid shall (after the taking and subscribing the Oath or Affirmation prescribed 5. in

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 44. 863

in that Behalf) have the like Powers and Authorities for carrying this Act and the said recited Act into Execution, in all Respects, as if he had been named and appointed a General Commissionerin and by this Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to cauie Notice in Writing of the Time and Meeting!. Place of their Fil'd and of every other Meeting for the Execution of this Act to be inserted in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in some other Newspaper printed or circulated within the said County of Norfolk, Eight Days at lead before every such Meeting (Meetings by Adjournment excepted); and if at any Meeting appointed to be holden by the said General Commissioners not more than One of the said Com-xnissioners shall attend, then and in such Case and so often as the same shall happen, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioner to adjourn such Meeting to such Place as he shall think moll convenient, giving Notice of such Adjournment to the said absent Commissioners: Provided always, Meetings to that all Meetings of the said Commissioners in the Execution of this or "'tfj the aid recited Act, shall be held within some one of the said Parishes of ‘s c llc‘' Thwlton, Haddifcoe or Thorpe next Haddifcoe, or within Eight Miles of: Provided always, that all other Notices necessary or requisite OtherNotice* ven by the said General Commissioners, in pursuance of the said g;0v* be AT or this Act, shall be so given by Advertisement in the jijolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in some other News-e p inte or circulated in the said County of Norfolk, or by Notice in \ ruing or in Print to be affixed upon the Church Doors of the said i-’ariflies respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any NoTurve*, Person, from and after the passing of this Act, to cut, dig, pare, grave, fcc. to flay or carry away any Turf, Flags, Whins or Furze, in, upon or from fh/paffij" of the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without the this Act.with-Licence of the said General Commissioners fird had and obtained in of the Com*" Writing for that Purpose (which Licence the said Commissioners are miiiioner#. hereby empowered to grant under such Regulations and Restrictions as they shall think proper to insert therein); and if any Person shall cut, dig, pare, grave, flay or carry away any Turf, Flags, Whins or Furze, in, upon or from the said Commons and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, without such Licence as aforesaid, or having obtained such Licence, shall act in any Manner contrary to the fame, the said Commissionersor any Juliiceof the Peace aftingin and for the said County, upon due Proof thereof made before the said Commissioners or Justice upon Oath (which Oath either of the said Commissioners or Justice is hereby empowered to adminider) shall by their or his Warrant, directed to any Person whomsoever, cause any Sum of Money not exceeding Five Pounds, to be levied by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Persons offending in the Premises, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person whose Goods and Chattels shall have been so didrained and fold, after deducting the Costs and Charges attending such Didrefs and.

Sale; and the Money so to be levied as aforesaid shall be applied towards defraying the Costs and Charges of obtaining this Act, and carrying the said recited Act and this Act into Execution.

864

Tor extin*

guithinp or suspeadfog Rights of Common . befaict e , A^ard.

OSfcetion* to be delivered to the Parties l^hose Claim* are objected to*

General Com*

rmfEo.ners to settle Dixie- ’■ rences*

Not to determine Titles*

General C m* mi/Honer* io

afiefs Cofl*.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

V. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said General Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized at any Time before the Execution of the Award to be made by them in pursuance of the said recited Act and this Act, by any Writing under their Hands to be affixed upon the Doors of the respective Churches of Thurlton, Haddifcoe, and ‘Thorpe next Hadd'tfcoe aforesaid, to order and direct all or any Rights of Common, in, over and upon the said Open and Indofed Fields, Doles, Marffi Lands, Commons, Fens and Waste Grounds, or any Part thereof, to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended for and during such Time as shall be expressed in such Writing; and that all such Rights as the said Commissioners shall by such Writing order and direct to be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof to be suspended as aforesaid, shall fcrom the Time of affixing such Writing on the said Church Doors respectively, or any other Time to be appointed by the said Commissioners in or by such Writing, cease, determine and be extinguished, or the Exercise thereof be suspended accordingly; any Law, Usage, or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties interested in the Premises shall have any Objection or Objections to any of the Accounts of Claims which shall be delivered to the said General Commissioners by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, such Objection or Objections shall be reduced into Writing, and Two Parts thereof shall be signed by the Party or Parties maldng the fame, or by some Person or Persons on his, her, or their Behalf, and one Part thereof shall be delivered to the said General Commissioners, and the other Part thereof to the Party or Parties whose Claims or Accounts shall be objected to, or to his, her, or their Agent, or left at his, her, or their lall or usual Place of Abode, at such Time or Times as the said Commissioners shall appoint for that Pur-ppfe, and no Objection to any of the said Accounts or Claims shall be afterwards received by the said Commissioners, unless for some legal Disability er lpeojal Cause to be allowed by them.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Dispute or Difference shall

2,rife between any of the Parties interested or claiming to be interested in the said intended Division and Allotments, touching-or concerning the respective Rights, Interests, Shares and Proportions which they or any of them shall claim to have, of and in the Lands and Grounds hereby dir.eded to be divided and allotted, or concerning any Allowance claimed or to be made for ploughing, lowing, cultivating, manuring ot improving the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, or touching or concerning any other Matter or Thing relating to the said Division and Allotments or Drainage, it shall be lawful lor the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, as well by Examination of Witnesses upon Oath as upon any other proper and sufficient Inquiry, Evidence and Satisfaction, to examine into, hear and determine the lame: Provided always, that nothing in this Act contained shall authorize the said Commissioners to determine the Title to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments uhatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the said General Commissioners shall, upon the Hearing and Determination of any Claim or Objection to be delivered to them in pursuance of the said recited Act or this

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

this Act, fee Cause to award any Colts, it shall be lawful for them the said Commissioners, and they are hereby empowered upon Application made to them for that Purpose, to settle, assess, and award such Coils as they shall think reasonable, to be paid to the Party or Parties in whole Favour any Determination of thr laid Commissioners Ihallbe made, by the Person or Person , Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whole Claim or Objrftion shall be thereby disallowed or over-ruled, or against whom the said Commissioners shall have determined as aforesaid; and in case the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, who shall be liable to pay such Coils, shall negltd or refute to pay the fame upon Demand, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals directed to any Person or Persons whumfo-evtr, to cause such Cods to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, so negbcting or refusing to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (if any) upon Demand to the Person or Persons, or Body or Birdie- Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, whose Goods and Chattels shall ha\e been so distrained and fold, alter deducting (he Gods and Charges attending such Distress and Sale.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, Thac in case any Po,ter,ot,r Person or Persons Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, Rights by *•» interested or claiming to be interfiled in the said intended Division, ,llue x-a'"r' Allotments and Inclosure, shall be dissatisfied with any Determination of the said Commissiontn. touching or i oncernina any such Claim or Claims of the Rights to the Soil, or of any Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests, in, to, over and upon the said Open and incloted Fields,

Doles, Marfll Lands, Commons, Fens and Waste Grounds' hereby directed to he divided, allotted, inch fed, drained and prderved, or any Part thereof, then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate so diflatbfied, to try all such Claims at Law at the next Assizes to be holden for the said County of Norfolk, upon a feigned Issue, provided such Determination be made Two Calendar Months before such Assizes; but if such Determination be made within Two Calendar Months next before such Assizes, then at the next following Assizes for the said County, and for that Purpose the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall be dissatisfied with the Determination of the said Commissioners, shall cause an Action to be brought against the Person or Persons, or Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, in whose Favour such Determination shall have been made, within Twenty Days after such Determination of the fai l Commissione s; and the Defendant or Defendants in such Action is and are hereby requited forthwith to appear to such Acton, accept a Declaration, and plead to Issue (such Issue to be settled by the proper Officer of the Court in which the said Action shall be commenced, in case the Parties shall differ about the fame); and the Verdict or Verdicts which shall be given in such Action or Actions shall be final, binding and coiiclusive, upon all and every Person and Persons whomsoever, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate and Collegiate, unless the Court wherein such Action or Actions shall be brought shall set aside such Verdict or Veruifts, and order a new Trial to be had therein, which it shall be lawful for the Court to doas is usual in other Cafes; and that after such Verdict or Verd.fts shall be obtained, and not set aside [Loc. y Per.] 10 K by

%G5

AAisns not to abate by the Death of Par-tiei.

In cafrAc’ions

are not brought. Determinations t*> be fcn.il.

1‘rr.vihon in ease oi Death ut Parties be-f ie Actions It ought.

R.; ht of P, ffc(lion of Futon not t > t'c <l<Mermined by Cctnni.ii.cn* eil.

Ce.ienflG m-nnlhcners to dnect ti»e Com lie of HnfbanUry.

4.90 GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

by the Court, the said Commissioners shall and they ate hereby required to act in conformity thereto, and to allow or disallow the Claim or Claim* thereby determined, according to the Event of such Trial or Trials.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any of the Parties in any Action to be brought in pursuance of this Act shall die pending the fame, such Action shall not abate by reason thereof, but shall be proceeded in as if no such Event had happened.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all such Orders and Determinations of the said General Commissioners as (halt have been made as aforesaid, with respect to such Claims, touching which no such Action at Law shall be brought or commenced and proceeded in within the Time aforesaid, shall be final, binding and conclusive upon all Persons whomsoever, any Thing in this or the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. Provided always, and be it furthrr enacted, That if any Person or Persons in whose Favour any such Determination as aforesaid shall have been made, and against whom any such action or Actions might have been brought if living, shall die before any such Action or Afttons shall have been brought, and before the Expiration of the Time hereinbefore limited for bringing such Action or Actions, it shall be lawful for the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate who might have brought such Action or Actions against the Person or Persons so dying, to bring the fame within the Time so limited as aforesaid, against such Person or Persons as if actually living, and to lerve the Chrk of the said Commissioners w th Promts for commencing such Action or Actions, in the same Manner as the Party or Parties might have been served therewith if living; and it shall thereupon be incumbent on the Heir or Heirs, or other Person or Persons who shall claim the Benefit of such Determination as aforesaid, to appear and defend such Action or Actions in the Name or Names of the Person or Persons so dead, and Proceedings shall be had therein in the fame Manneras if such Person or Personshad been actually living; ard the Rights of all Parties shall be equally bound and concluded by the Event of such Action or Actions.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to enable the said Commissioners to determine any Right between any Parlies contrary to the Possession of any of such Parties, except in Cafes of Encroachments made within the Period of Thi ty Years as hereinafter mentioned; but in case the said Commissioners shall be of Opinion against; the Right of the Person or Persons so in Possession, they shall forbear to make any Determination thereupon, until the Possession shall have been given up, or recovered from such Person or Persons by Ejefttnent or other due Course of Law.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the First Day of Scptcviber One thousand eight hundred and nine, until the Execution of the Award of the said Commissioners, all the Arable Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted and inclosed, shall be subject and liable to such Directions and Regulations as the said General Commissioners shall from Time to Time by Writing under their Hands appoint, as well with regard to flocking as to the ploughing, folding, tilling, sowing and

laying

86;

49° GEORGII III. Cap-44.

laying down the fame; and it shall be lawful to and for the said Commissiort'ers to order and direct such Sum or Sums of Money in respect thereof to be paid by any Person or Persons interested in the said Lands or any of them, their or any or either of their Tenants, to any Person or Persons m like Manner interested therein, or his, her or their Tenants, as they the said Commissioners shall tiiink reasonable j and in case any Persons, who shall be directed to pay any Sum o Sums of Money on any of the Accounts aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to pay the fame on Demand, then and in such Case, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to raise and levy the same for the Ulc and Benefic of the Person or Persons entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Colts, Charges, and Expences of obtaining and execu ii.g this Act, or any Part thereof, can or may be raised or levied.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall and they are he eby authorized and empowered, by such Agents, Workmen and Labourers as they shall think Ht to employ, to make and erect all such Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, SI ices, Engines, Bridges and other Works, in, through, over and upon the Marsh Lands, Fens, Commons and Waste Grounds, within the said Parishe pr any Part thereof, as they the said Commissioners shall judge proper an I expedient for effectually draining all or Inch Parts of the said Lands and Grounds as in their Opinion shall require to be drained, and to purchase any Mill or Mills or other Works for that Purpose; and that the said Commissioners shall set out and a loe unto the Commissioners (or Drainage herein-after appointed, the Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges and other Works so to be made and erected or purchased by them, and such Parts of the Lands and Grounds to be drained by them by virtue of this Act, as they shall think proper far the maintaining or preserving of the lame.

XVI. Provided always and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained (hah authorize or empower the said General or offier Commissioners to make or erect any such Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges or other Works in, through, over or upon the Mar fit Lands situate in the said Parish of Thorpe next Haddfcoe, belonging to Nathaniel Hiller Esquire, which have been walled in and are drained by a Mill erected at the Expence of the Ancestors of the said Nathaniel Hd-lier, or to affect the work ng of the said Mill, without the Consent in Writing of the Lid Nathaniel Hiller, his Heirs or Assigns.'

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall authorize o' empower the said General or other Commissioners to make or erect any such Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Muices, Engines, Bridges, or other Works in, through, over or upon the Marsh Lands situate in the said Parish of Haddifioe, belonging to the Reverend Edward V/illes Clerk, which are drained by a Mill erected at the Expence of the Ancestors of the said Edward Willss, or to affect the working of the said Mill, or to divert from the said Mill any of the Waters flowing from the Marshes which now are and for some Years Iaft past have been drained by the said Mill of the said Edward Willes, without the Consent in Writing of the Lid Edward Wi'.lcs, his Heirs or Assigns.

Drain ge Cl tills*

S vvipp certain Lards of Mi. Hillier’s.

Savin? cer-tan Lands nf tl»e Rei. Mr. Willes.

868

Compofilio i to 1 e m.nla for I ands taken-

Til ' c Boat1* >nd Foot-paii>s.

To prevent Cat:<e piaz-ing in the

Tuc.ic Kcad:.

490 GEORGII III. C^.44.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Cornmifliot]£rj shall, at or before the Execution of the Award herein-after directed to cfc‘ made by them, make or cause to be made such Compensation in Money as they shall think proper, for any Land or Ground which shall be taken or tifed for the making or ereding of the said Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges and other Works, or any of them, or set out or allotted for repairing or preserving the same to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Part or Parts of the said Lands and Grounds so to be taken, tjfed, let out or allotted for the Purposes above-mentioned, or any of them, by the several Proprietors interested in such Drainage; and such Money shall and may be levied and recovered in the same Manner as the Colls, Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act may be levied and recovered; and such Money shall, when received by the said Commissioners, be applied in the Discharge of such Proportion of the Charges and Expences of obtaining and executing this Act, as the Proprietor or Proprietors w'nose Lands shall have been so taken, used, set out or allotted shall be subject and liable to pay, and the Overplus (if any) shall be by them paid to the Person or Persons entitled to the fame: Provided always, that if any Body Pol,tic. Corporate or Collegiate, f eoffee in Trull, Executor, Administrator, Husband, Guardian, Committee or other Trullee, or any Person acting as Guardian, Committee or Trullee for or on Behalf of any Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, Feme Covert, or other Cejiu que Trull, or any Person or Persons whose Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments are limited in. Ibid.

or other Settlement, (hotild be entitled to receive such Sum of Money or Overplus, the same shall be by the said Commissioners applied and disposed of in manner directed by the said recited Act, in those Cafes where any Money is to be paid for the Purchaseor Exchange of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Timber!or Wood growing thereon, and which Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the same Uses.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said General Commissioners, and they are herthy authorized and empowered, in case they shall think proper, toftopand discontinue or divert and turn any of the old or accustomed Roads, Tracts, Packways, Riding-roads and Footpaths, passing or leading through any Part of the said Psrishes of Thurlton, Haddijcoe, and Thorpe r.ext Hoddifcoe rdpedively, and if they shall think it 1 eccssary to set out other Roads, Packway?, Riding-roads and Footpaths in lieu thereof, subject nevertheless to such Provisions and under such Conditions with respect to the Hopping up of any old or accustomed Roads as are contained in the said tecited Ad, re-speding the (lopping up any old oraccuftumed Road or Roads therein mentioned: Provided al o, that none of the present public Roads within the said respective Parishes shall be (hut up or discontinued, until the Roads which shall be intended to remain and be the public Roads shall be set out in the Manner directed by the said recited Hd, and until the same shall be properly formed and made safe and convenient for the PafLge of Holies, Cattle and Carriages.

XX. And be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons shall graze or keep any Sort of Cattle whatsoever in or upon any of the public Roads or Ways, which the said General Commissioners shall order and direct to

1 be

49° GEORGII III. Cap*4-4-• 8^9

be set out and fenced on both Sides, for the Space of Fourteen Years next after the making and executing of their Award, under a Penalty not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Horse, Afs, Bullock, Cow, Sheep,

Lamb or other Bead which shall be found therein, to be paid to the Person or Persons who shall take and impound the fame; and every Proprietor or Occupier of Lands and Tenements within the said Paddies, and his or her Servants and Labourers is and are hereby empowered to take and impound every such Horse, Afs, Bullock, Cow, Sheep, Lamb, or other Bead, which shall be so found grazing as aforesaid, at any Time or Times after any Quicksets shall be planted next the said Roads or Ways so fenced eflf as aforesaid, before the Expiration of the said Term of Fourteen Years.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all Encroachments which at Encroach-any Time within Thirty Years lait pad have been made upon the said Commons, Fens and Waste Grounds, shall be deemed Part thereof, and tot* deemed shall he divided, allotted and inclosed accordingly; and in case any Dif- the pute shall arise touching any such Encroachment or Encroachments, or uted; the Extent or Duration thereof, such Dispute shall be finally determined by the said General Commissioners.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in this except such

Atl contained shall extend so as to prejudice or diminish the Right of any Ll"

Person or Persons whomsoever to any Encroachment, Purprefture, or In- been granted, closure upon or for any Part or Parts of the said Commons, Fens and

Waste Grounds, which such Person or Persons respectively shall have made and inclosed, or shall hold and enjoy by virtue of any Licence or Consent in Writing under the Hand or Hands of any Lord or Lords, Lady cr Ladies of any Manor or Manors, being Owner or Owners of the Soil thereof, or by virtue of any Licence or Authority entered or enrolled in the Court Books or Rolls of such Manor or Manors respectively; but no Person or Persons possessing or enjoying any such Encroachment, Purprefture or Inclosure, shall in respect thereof be entitled to any Allotment or Allotments out of the Lands and Grounds to be divided, allotted, and inclosed by virtue of this Act.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners Allotments t* shall assign, set out and allot unto the Surveyors of the Highways within be maf1e to the Parishes of ThwHcn, Haddifcoe and Thorpe next Haddifcoe aforesaid, ot'ih^Highr" such Part or Parts of the said Open and Inclosed Fields, Doles, Marsh

Lands, Commons, Fens and Waste Grounds in the fame Patishes respectively hereby directed to be divided, allotted, inclosed, drained and preserved, as the said Commissioners shall think necessary, as and fer public Watering Places for Cattle, and as and for public Sand, Gravel,

Stone, Clay, Marl and Chalk Pits; and it shall be lawful for the Surveyors of the Highways and the Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the same Parishes, and their Tenants for the Time being respectively, to use such Allotment or Allotments for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner and under such Rules and Regulations as the respective Surveyors of the Highways within each of the said Parishes for the Time being shall from Time to Time direct or appoint; and the Grass and Herbage of the ('aid Allotment or Allotments shall be from Time to 'lime let by the respective [Lee. Es* Per.~] 10 L Surveyors

870

Allotment for Kipht of Soil.

The Common of Thorpe to be sold.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 44-

Surveyors of the Highways in Thurlton, Haddifcoe and Thorpe next Haddifcoe aforesaid respectively for the Time being, at or for the best Rent that can be obtained for the fame; and the Rent arising from the Allotment or Allotments which may be made to the Surveyors of each of the said Parishes respectively shall be applied towards the Repair of the public Roads in the same Parish.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall assign, set out and allot unto the Lord of the said Manor of Thurlton Ban-yards, or unto such other Person or Persons being Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any other Manor or Manors within the said Parish of Thurlton, and as such entitled to the Soil of the said Commons, Fens and Waste Grounds, situate in Thurlton aforesaid, or any Part or Parts thereof, so much and such Part or Parts of the said last-mentioned Commons, Fens and Waste Grounds as shall in the Judgement of the said Ccinmissioners be equal in Value to One-sixteenth Part thereof, as and for a Recompence to him, her or them respectively for his, her and their Right in and to the Soil of the said last-mentioned Commons, Fens and Waste Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof.

XXV. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall, and they are hereby requited to fell all the aforesaid Piece or Parcel of Commonable Marsh Land or Waste Ground, situate in the said Parish of 1 horpe next Haddifcoe, in One or more Allotment or Allotments as to them shall feetn right and proper, to any Person or Persons for the best Price or Prices that can or may be gotten for the fame by private Contra& or public Auction or Auctions, in Manner directed by the said recited A&, of which Three Weeks previous Notice shall be given; and the Person or Persons so purchasing the lame shall immediately pay (by way of Deposit) into the Hands of the said Commissioners, or such Person or Persons as they shall direct and appoint. One-tenth Part of his, her or their Purchase Money, and shall pay the Remainder thereof within Three Calendar Months next after, or at such other Time as the said Commissioners shall appoint, and in default thereof the Money so deposited shall be forfeited, and shall be applied ia carrying this and th.e said recited Act into Execution; and the Allotment or Allotments for which the whole of such Purchase Money shall not have been so paid, or for which there shall be no Bidding at such Auction, may be again put up to Sale by public Auction, or sold by private Contract in manner aforesaid, for the best Pri e or Prices that can be gotten for the fame; and upon the Rectipt of the whole Purchase Money for any Allotment or Allotments which shall be so sold as aforesaid, the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby authorized and required to grant and convey, by Indentures of Bargain and Sale under their Hands and Seals, all the Fee Simple and Inheritance of such Allotment or Allotments to such Person or Persons and for such U,e and Uses as the resptdive Purchaser or Purchasers thereof shall appoint, and immediately after the Execution of such Indentures of Bargain and Sale as aforesaid, all and every Allotment or Allotme ts therein defcished to be thereby granted and conveyed shall be absolutely discharged of and from all other Rights thereon or therein, and be thenceforth held in Severalty by and veited in Fee Simple in the Purchaser or Purchasers thereof respectively, as his, her or their private or absolute Property, and shall be allotted accordingly by the said General

Commissioners

87*

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

Commissioners in their Award to be made by the Authority of this Act and of the said recited Act; and such Purchase Money, when so received by the said General Commissioners, shall be by them applied in defraying the Costs, Charges and Expences of obtaining this Act, and of carrying the fame and the said recited Act into Execution; and if any Surplus shall remain after Payment of such Expences, such Surplus shall be divided among the several Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, in proportion to their respective Interests; and the Shares of such of the said Persons as shall be Tenants thereof in Fee Simple shall be paid to them respectively, and the Shares of the others of the said Persons shall respectively be paid into the Bank of England in the Manner directed by the said recited Act with respect to Money to be paid for the Purchase or Exchange of Lands, Tenements or other Hereditaments, or of any Timber or Wood growing thereon, where any such last-mentioned Money ought to be laid out in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments to be settled to the fameUfes: Provided always, that the Purchaser or Purchasers of such Lot or Lots to be sold as aforesaid shall be subject to the Performance of all Orders, Regulations and Directions which may be made by the said General Commissioners, and inserted in their Award for inclosing, fencing and draining such Lands, and for maintaining and keeping the Drains and Fences thereto belonging in good Repair: Provided always, that the said Commissioners shall and they are hereby required to make reasonable Compensation to the Lords of the several Manors herein-before mentioned, either by Increase of any Allotment to be made to them respectively under the Authority of this Act, or by Deductions from their Proportions of Expence in the Execution of this Act, as the said Commissioners shall judge expedient, for or on account of the Land so fold, being all fold and conveyed as Freehold, great Part of which, if left to Division and Allotment among the Owners or Proprietors thereof respectively under the other Provisions contained in this Act, would be of Copyhold Tenure, and liable to Fines, Suits and Services accordingly.

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That the said General Commissioners shall then assign, set out and allot the Residue and Remainder of all the said Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes of Thurlton, Haddifcoe, and Thorpe next Haddifcoe, hereby directed to be divided and allotted unto and amongst all and every Person and Persons, Body and Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, being Owner or Owners of the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Parts thereof, or having any Right or Rights of Common, or other Rights or Interests, in, over or upon the lame, or any Part or Parts thereof, in such Parts and Shares and in such Manner as the said General Commissioners shall think fit and shall adjudge and determine to be proportionate to the Value of, and a full Satisfaction and Compensation to him, her, or them respectively, for his, her or their respective Shares, Rights of Common, or other Rights, or Interests, in, over or upon the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part or Pa ts thereof.

XXVII. And be it further enacted, That the Allotments which shall be made to the Surveyors of the Highways within the said Parishes, and to the Rectors of the Lid Parishes of Thurlton, Haddifcoe, and Thorpe next Haddifcoe, in respect of their said Rtftories respectively, in pursuance

Allotment of the Residue.

For fencing Allotments to the Reiters, and public Allotments.

872

Separate Al-1-tmenti to be made for different Ef-t.-.tes held under different Titles.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 44:

of this Act, shall be inclosed and fenced in with such Hedges, Ditches, Mounds or other Fences as the said General Commissioners shall think proper, and the Expences thereof raised and paid in like Manner as the Expence of obtaining this Act and of carrying the fame into Execution are herein directed to be raised and paid; and that such Hedges, Dnches, Mounds and Fences Iliad forever thereafter be maintained and supported by and at the Expence of such Person or Persons and in such Manner as the said Commissioners shall by their Award or by any other Writing under their Hands direct and appoint.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Proprietor or Proprietors of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements within the Parishes of ThwIton, Iiaddifcoe and Thsrpe next Haddifcoe aforesaid respectively, shall hold the fame by different Tenures, or for different Estates, or in different Rights or under different Titles, the said General Commissioners shall upon the request of any such Proprietor or Proprietors ascertain and distinguish the Messuages, Lands and Tenements held by each of such Tenures for each of such Estates and under each of such Rights or Titles respectively, and shall accordingly in their Award assign, set out and allot dillinft and several Allotments by distinct and several Descriptions for such respective Messuages, Lands or Tenements, and shall declare in right of what Estate or Estates such Allotments respectively shall have been made.; and in case the said Commissioners from want of necessary Information, or from any other Cause, shall not diferiminate and distinguish such different Rights or Titles, different Estates and different Tenures in their Award, it shall be lawful for them at any Time within Twelve Calendar Months after the Execution of their Award, upon the Request in Writing of any Person or Persons intciefted, to do or cause to be done all proper and necessary Acts for the Purposes of enabling them to make such Discrimination and Distinction as aforesaid, in the same Manner as they might or could have done by their said Award, and when and so soon as the said Commissioners shall have obtained sufficient Information for the Purpose, by any Deed or Inltrumenc in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to ascertain and diitinguish the Difference of such Tenures, Estates, Rights and Titles respectively, and shall make dillinft and several Allotments in the same Manner as they ate hereby authorized to do by their said Award; and every such Deed or Instrument shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame was contained in their said Award, and shall be delivered to the Person or Persons upon whose Request the same shall have been executed, or to the Person or Persons to whom the Custody of the Deeds and Writings, concerning the Title to the Premises inquestion., shall in the Opinion of the said Commissioners properly belong for the Time being; and all the Costs, Charges and Expences which shall be occasioned by the Proceedings of the said Commissioners in making such Discrimination and Allotment or Allotments, and of preparing and executing any such Deed or Instrument, or in any wile relating thereto, shall be ascertained and settled by the said Commissioners, and shall be paid by the Person or Persons who shall make such Request as aforesaid, or by his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, to such Person and at such Time and Place as the said Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands appoint; and in case such Costs, Charges and Expences shall not be so paid, it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners and they are hereby required to raise and levy the same by such Ways and 4 , ' - Means

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

Means as the Costs, Charges and Expences of obtaining this Act and executing the said recited Act and this Act can or may be raised and levied.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That all such Parts of the said Open and inclosed Fields, Doles, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens, and Waste Grounds as shall be assigned or allotted to any Person or Persons by virtue of this Act, for or in respect of any Messuages, Cottages or Tofts, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments which are holden by Copy of Court Roll of the Manors aforesaid, or of any other Manor or Manors respectively, dial I be dated and described in the said Award as Copyhold, and shall be deemed and taken to be Copyhold of the said Manor or Manors respectively, and shall be subject and liable to, and the Proprietors thereof respectively for the Time being, shall pay to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors respectively for ever, a Yearly Quit Rent at and after the Rate ot One Penny for every Acre of the said Commons, Fens and Waste Grounds which shall be allotted in respect of such Copy-hold Messuages, Cottages or Tofts, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and so in Proportion for any less Quantity than an Acre; and the several Persons to whom any Copyhold Allotments shall be made as aforesaid of and in all or any of the Lands and Grounds intended to be allotted and inclosed, shall within the Space of Six Calendar Months next after the Execution of the Award of the said General Commissioners, or at the fird General Court for the Admission of Copyholders, to be holden for the said several Manors respectively next after the Expiration thereof, be admitted Tenants to the fame Allotments respectively, without paying any Fine or other Charges to the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladles of any of the said several Manors (save and except the Stamp Duties anti Parchment requisite to be used for the Copies of such Admissions respectively, and such reasonable Fees to the Stewards of the said Manors as the said Commissioners shall in and by their said Award order and direct); but in case any Person or Persons, his, her, or their Heirs or Assigns, to whom any such Chpyfield Allotment or Allotments shall be made, shall neglect or refuse to be admitted Tenant or Tenants thereto within the Lid Six Ca endar Months, or at the full General Court Baron for the Admission of Copyholders to be holden for such Manors next after the Expiration thereof, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of the said Manors respectively for the Time being, to take and use all Measures for compelling such Admission or Admissions to the said Allotment or Allotments respectively as the Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies of any Manor or Manors is or are now by Law and according to the Customs of the f. id Manor or Manors empowered to take and use for want of a Tenant to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments holden by Copy of Court Roll of the said Manor or Manors, and in such Case the lame Fines, Fees, and other Payments shall be due and payable on such Admission or Admissions respectively as ihe Lord or Lords, Lady or Ladies, and Stewards oi the said Manor or Manors are now by Law and the Custom of the fame Manor or Manors entitled to take and receive upon Adfrtiiflion' to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments holden by Copy of Court Roil of the said Manors respectively; and from and after the first A million, all the Lid Copyhold Allotments shall for ever thereafter be held under and subject to the fame Fines, Rents, and Services \Loc. & Per.~\ 10 M as

Allotments to ne of the lame Tenure.

874 49° GGEORG 11 III. Cap. 44.

as the said Copyhold Lands and Tenements respectively in respect whereof such Allotments shall be made are now subject and liable to, together with the said Quit Rent at and after the Rate of One-penny per Acre yearly, for and in relped of such Parts of the said Commons, l'ens and Waste Grounds as shall be so allotted as Copjhold as aforesaid-, and that all other Parts of the said Lands and Grounds which shall De assigned or allotted unto any Person or Persons by vntue of this Act, for and in respect of any Freehold or Leasehold iVJefTuages, Cottages or Tofts, Lands, Tenements, and "Hereditaments, shall be deemed and taken to be Freehold and Leasehold, and shall be held and enjoyed as such accordingly, subject nevertheless to such Rents, Payments, Customs and Services as the respective Lands and Tenements in rerped whereof the same shall be assigned or allotted are now subject and liable to.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons hath or have fold, or con raded or agreed to fell, or shall at any Time before the Execution of the Award to be made by the said General Commissioners, fell, or contract or agree to fell his, her or their Right, Interest and Property in the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, inclosed, drained and preserved, or any Part or Parts thereof, to any other Person or Persons, and shall before the Execution of the said Award deposit with the said Commissioners a written Agreement or Contract Hating such Sale, and signed by the respective Parties to such Contract, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authorized and required to make an Allotment ot Land unto the Vendee or Purchaser mentioned in every such Sale, Contract or Agreement, or to his, her or their Heirs and Assigns for and in respect of such Rights, Interest and Property so fold, or contracted or agreed to be sold as aforesaid; and every such Vendee or Purchaser, or his, her or-their Heirs and Assigns may and shall, from and after the Execution of the said Award, hold and enjoy the Lands so to be allotted to him, her or them as aforesaid, in the same Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the Vendor named in every such Sale, Contract or Agreement might, could or ought to have held and enjoyed the lame in case such Sale, Contract or Agreement had not been made, or such Rights, Interest or Properly had been veiled in such Vendor at the Time of making such Allotment as aforesaid.

wii5»r<i

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing in ncttol«tS ^'s contained shall extend to revoke, make void, alter or annul any

aiiecud. Will or Settlement, or to prejudice any Person or Persons having any

Right or Claim of Dower, Jointure, Debts, Rents or Incumbrances, out of, upon or affecting any of the Open and Inclosed Fields, Doles, Marsh Lands, Commons, Fens and Waste Grounds to be divided, allotted, inclosed, drained and preserved by»virtue of this Act, or any Part or Parts thereof respectively, but that rthe respective Persons to whom any Lands or Hereditaments shall be allotted or given in exchange by virtue of this Act shall be i'eifed thereof to such and the same Uses, and for such and the fame Estates, and subject to such and the fame Wills, Jointures, Rents, Charges and Incumbrances, and no other, as the Mi linages, Buildings, Lands, Grounds and Hereditaments, whereof such Person or Persons was or were seised or jjoffeffed at or before the Execution of the Award to be made by such General Commissioners, or for which or in respect

whereof

If Common Right be loid. Allotment to be made to the Furchat r.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

whereof such Allotments or Exchanges shall be made, would have Been subject to, charged with or affected by in case this Act had not been made.

XXXII. And be it further enacted, That all Leases and Agreements at rack er extended Rent which are now subsisting of any Lands and Grounds within the said Parishes of Thurlton, Hadd'tf-•coe, and Thorpe next Haddifcoe, or in any adjoining Parishes, so f2r as such Leases or Agreements shall affect or concern any of the Open and Inclosed Fields, Doles, and Marsh Lands, which shall be allotted or exchanged by virtue of this Act, shall cease, determine and be void from and immediately after the Execution of the Award of the said General Commissioners, as to such Lands and Grounds as shall be so allotted or exchanged and taken from the respective Farms of the Lessees or Occupiers thereof: Provided nevertheless, that the respective Lessees or Occupiers of the Pretrsifes so allotted and exchanged, and taken from their respective Farms, shall, during their respective Leases, hold and enjoy all the Lands and Hereditaments which shall be allotted in lieu of and in Exchange for the Lands so to be taken from their respective Farms as aforesaid, upon the fame Rents, and subject to the fame Pro. vifoes. Covenants and Conditions as are contained in their respective Leases: Provided always, that if there shall be any Lease of Lands, Part of which shall lie within any of the said Parishes of Thurlton, Haddifcoe, and Thorpe next Haddifcoe, and Part in any adjoining Parish, all and every such Lease or Leases upon Rack Rent now subsisting may be vacated; but where any Land shall have been taken in exchange, which Land shall be under Lease and wholly situate in an adjoining Parish, the Lease of such last-mentioned Lands shall not be vacated.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Leases and Agreements as aforesaid shall as far as the fame affect or concern any Allotment or Allotments to be made of any of the said Common or Waste Grounds, in respect of any Lands or G ounds comprized in such Leases or Agreements, be and the same are and is hereby declared to be null and void as to such Allotment or Allotments lad mentioned; and the Person or Persons to whom the Lands and Grounds comprized in such Leases or Agreements shall belong, as Landlord or Landlords shall make such Compensation to the Person or Persons entitled to the fame, under such Leases or Agreements as the said General Commissioners shall by Writing under their Hands ascertain and direct; and if the Money so to be ascertained as aforesaid shall not be paid by such Landlord or Landlords respectively to their respective Tenants or Lessees who shall be entitled to receive the same, within Fourteen Days after Demand shall be made thereof, then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, and they are hereby authoriz'd and required to raise and levy the same, for the Use and Benefit of the Tenants and Lessees respectively entitled thereto, by such Ways and Means as the Costs, Charges, and Expenses of.obtaining and executing this Act n ay be raised and levied.

XXXIV. Provided always, That no Sheep or Lambs shall be kept in any of the Allotments to be made by virtue of this Act (whereon any new

Fence

875

Fr vacating certain Lc-set

Compe«fa-nons to be maite in certain Cafra.

No Sheep to be kept in '.he new In* rlolurei for Seven Ytari,

87,6 49° GEORG 11 r III. Cap. 44.

Fence shall he raised) during the Space of Seven Years next after the Execution of the said Award, unless the Person keeping the same shall first, at his or their own Expence, make and maintain a sufficient Fence to guard and protect the young Fences belonging to such Allotments respectively from being hure or damaged by fuah Si>eep or Lambs, (whether such Fences be made or set out by the Owner or Occupier of such A'-lotment or Allotments or by the Owner or Occupier of the Allotment or Allotments adjoining thereto); and in case any Person shall turn or keep any Sheep or Lambs in any such Allotment or Allotments without railing and keeping up such Fences as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Owner or Occupiers of any adjoining Allotment or Allotments to enter thereon, and to take, drive away and impound the fame Sheep or Lambs; and in case any Sheep, Cattle or Swine shall trespass upon any inclosed Land, or shall (tray or go at large, or be found in any Lane, Road or Highway within the Parishes of Thurltin, Haddifcoe, and Thorpe next Haddifcoe aforesaid respectively, it shall be lawful lor the Constable, Pindar or any other Person, to take, drive away and impound such Sheep, Cattle or Swine, and to demand and receive of the Owner or Owners thereof the Sum of One Sh lling for every Horse, Ware, Afs or other Neat Stock or Cattle, and Sixpence for every Sheep, Lamb, Swine or other Cattle, and to detain such Sheep, Cattle and Swine in Pound until such Money shall be paid and satisfied.

For defraying

XXXV. And be it further enacted, That the Cods, Charges, and Expences of inclosing the Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made to the Rectors of the said several Parishes of Tcurlton, Haddifcoe, and Ihorpc next Haddifcoe for the Time being by virtue of or under this Act, and of inclosing the Allotment or Allotments hereby directed to be made to the Surveyors of the Highways within the said Parishes, and to the Commissioners for draining herein-after ap ointed, and all the Costs and Charges incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, and of surveying, admeafu ing, planning, valuing, dividing, allotting, and draining the Lands and Premifps hereby directed to be iurveyed, ad-measured, planned, valued, divided, allotted and drained, and of preparing and inrolling the Award herein-after directed to be made, and of the Copies thereof; and all the Costs, Charges, and Expences of the said General Commissioners, and of the several Pc Ions to be employed by them in and about the Premises, and of forming, completing and repairing the Public Carriage Roads and Highways to be set out and appointed by the said Commissioners within the said Parishes of Thurlton, Haddifcoe, and Thorpe next Haddifcoe respectively, and all other Expences of carrying this and the said recited Act into Execution, shall be borne and paid by the several Persons to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue of this Act (save and except the said Rectors of the said Panlhes in respect of any Allotments which shall be made to them respectively in righi of; heir respective Rectories, and also save and except the Surveyors ef 1 he H ghways of the said Parishes, for or in respect of the Allotments hereby direct d to be made to them and the said Commissioners for Drainage for the Time being as aforesaid), in such Shares and Proportions, at such Time or Times, and to such Person or Persons as the said Commissioners lha.ii appoint.

9

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 44. 877

XXXVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That when and Expencet so often as it shall be necessary to charge any Allotment or Allotments with ,t,4011 co'py-any Sum or Sums of Money by way of Mortgage, fcr paying or defraying tolds.

any Share or Shares of such Colls, Charges, and Expences as are by the said recited Act authorized to be charged thereon, and such Allotment or Allotments shall be Copyhold, then and in such Case such Copyhold Lands and Premises shall be surrendered for the due Payment thereof, with Intered, to the Use of such Person or Persons who (half advance and lend such Sum or Sums of Money by way of Mortgage, his, her or their Heirs and Alligns, according to the Custom or Customs of the Manor or Manors whereof the same shall be holden. instead of being mortgaged and surrendered to such Person or Persons, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Alligns, for a Term of Years as mentioned in the said recited Act.

XXXVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money ad-Person or Persons hath advanced or shall advance any Money in discharge repa^with' of the Fees or other Expences of obtaining this Act, or of executing the Inttrcit. said recited Act or this Act, the Money so advanced shall be repaid and satisfied by the Direction of the said General Commissioners, together

with lawful Interest for the fame: Provided always, thar the said Pro- Proprietor* prietors, their Attornies and Agents, shall pay their own Expences when they or any of them shall attend the f.tid General Commissioners at any pay their own of their Meetings to be held in pursuance of the said recited Act or Expences. this Act.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Power to m*k« said General Commisstomrs to set out, allot and award any Lands, Elch;mKt'" Tenements or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parishes of

1Thurlton, Haddifcoe and Thorpe next JIaddifcoe, in lieu of or in Exchange for any other Lands. Tenements, or Hereditaments whatsoever within the said Parishes, or within any adjoining Parish, Hamlet or Place; provided that all such Exchanges be ascertained, specified and declared in and by the Award of the said Commissioners, and be made with the Consent of the Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors of the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments which shall be so exchanged, whether such Owner or Owners, Proprietor or Proprietors shall be a Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, or a Tenant or Tenants in Fee Simple or for Life or Liv. s, or in fee Tail General or Special, or by the Courtefv of England, or for Yeats determinable on a Life or Lives, or with the Consent of the Guardians, Trullees, Feoffees for Charitable and other Uses, Husbands,

Committees or Attornies of or acting for any such Owners or Proprietors as aforesaid, who at the Time of making such Exchange or Exchanges shall be respectively Infants, Femes Coveits, Lunatics, cr under any other legal Disability, or who shall be beyond the Seas or otherwise disabled to act for themselves, himself, or herself, such Consent to be tedified in Writing under the Common Seal ot every such Body Politic, Corporate or Collegiate, anti under the H.-nds of the othei consenting Parties respectively; and all and every such Exchange and Exchanges so to be made shall be good, valid and effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided nevertheless, that no Exchange shall be made of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments held in right of any Church or Chapel or other Ecclesiastical Benefice, without the Consent, testified ["hoc. lif Per. J I c N a*

S7y

F*p?n?fs of Sal and Exchanges to l»e pfid ny the P-ifj« s m iking the /aine.

General Com. miffi aners to lay Accounts before a Justice or Justice;.

Award Co be made.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

as aforesaid, of the Patron thereof, and of the Lord Bishop of the Diocrfe in which such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments so to be exchanged shall be situated.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted, That all Cods, Charges and Expences attending the making of any Sales, Exchanges or Partitions, to be made by virtue of this or the said recited Act, shall be paid, borne a'id defrayed by the several Persons making such Sales, Exchanges and Partitions, in such Manner and in inch Shares and Proportions as the said General Commissioners shall, by their said Award, or any other Writing or Writings under their Hands, order and ,direct, and shall be recovered in the same Manner as is herein-before directed, respecting the Recovery of the Costs and Charges of obtaining this Act, and of carrying the fame and the said recited Act into Execution.

XL. And be it further enacted, That Once at lead in each and every Year during the Execution of this Act (such Year to be computed from the Day of passing thereof) the said General Commissioners shall and they are hereby lequired to make a true and jud Statement or Account of all Sums of Money by them received and expended, or due to them for their own Trouble and Expences in the Execution of this Act and the said re-ci ted Act; and such Statement or Account when so made, together with the Vouchers relating thereto, Hull be by them laid before any One or more of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, to he by him or them examined and balanced; and such Balance shall be by the said Justice or Justices dated in the Book of Accounts to be kept in the Office of the Clerk to the said Conunidioners; and no Cha ge or Item in such Accounts Hull be binding cn the Parties concerned or valid in the Law, unless the same shall have been duly allowed by such Justice or Justices.

XLI. And be it further enacted, That the Award to be made by the said General Commissioners under the Authority of toi- Act and of the said recited Act, together with a proper Map or P.an of each of the said Parishes of Thurlton, Hadaifcoe and Thorpe next Ihddifcoc there o annexed, shall within Twelve Calendar Months alter the Execution th^r of, u ■•*-livered to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County of Nor/ok who is hereby required to deposit and keep the fame among the Records of the said County, so that Recourse may be had thereto by any Person or Persons intereded in the Premises, for the Reception whereof the F e of F re Guineas dial I be paid, and no more, and for the Inl'peftion and Perulal ■whereof the Sum of One Shilling and no more, shall be paid; and the said Award shall, from and after the Delivery thereof to the said Clerk of the Peace, be deemed and taken to be inrolled according to the Directions and within the Meaning of the said recited Act; and a Copy of such Part of the said Award as shall relate to the Parish of Thurlton aforesaid, fairly transcribed in a Book, with a proper Map or Plan of the last-mentioned Parish, shall within the Time aforesaid be deposited in the Patish Church of Thurlton aforesaid, and there kept in a Tin Box to be provided for thac Purpose; and a Copy of such Part of the said AwarJ as shall relate to the Paridi of Haddfcoe, fairly transcribed in a Book, with a proper Map or Plan of the last-mentioned Parish, shall within the Time aforesaid be de-polited in the Parish Church of Haddifcoe aforesaid, and there kept in a

Tin

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 44. 879

Tin Box to be provided for that Purpose; and a Ccpv of such Part of the Award as shall relate to the Parish of Thorpe next Haddifcoe aforesaid, fairly transcribed in a Book, with a proper Map or Plan of the last-mentioned Parish, shall within the Time aforesaid be deposited in the Parish Church of Thorpe next Haddifcoe aforesaid, and there kept in a Tin Box to be provided for that Purpose; and the said Award and Copies thereof, and any other Copy of the said Award or any Part or Parts thereof, attested by the said Clerk of the Peace or his Deputy (for every Sheet of which Copy containing Seventy-two Words Four-pence and no more shall be paid) shall from Time to Time and at all Times thereafter be admitted and allowed as legal Evidence of the Matters and Things therein contained in all Courts whatsoever; and the several Allotments, Partitions,

Orders, Directions, Provisions, Matters and Things contained in the said Award shall be binding and conclufrve upon all and every the Parties interested in the Premises, and all conmonable Rights and Inteielfs whatsoever, in, over or upon the said Commons, Fens and Waste Grounds in the said respective Parishes shall from and after the Execution of the said Award, cease, determine and be for ever extinguished.

XL,

II. And be it further enacted, That the Lord or Lords, Lady or commimon. Ladies of the aforesaid Manors, and the Reitors of the said respective enforOrain Parishes for the Time being, and each and every Owner or Proprietor of Twenty Acres of Land to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall from and after the Execution of the Award to be made determined by the said General Commissioners, be and are hereby appointed Commissioners for the Purpose of draining the Lands and Grounds directed to be drained by vircue of this Act.

XLIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Appointment and for every such Commissioner for Drainage, by Writing under his or of Deputy her Hand from Time io Time, and for such Time as he or she shall think eri'for Dra?n. fit, to nominate and appoint an Agent or Deputy to act in his or her ig=.. Absence as a Commissioner for Drainage; and every such Agent or Deputy shall and may, in the Absence of the Person by whom he shall be so nominated and appointed, act as a Commissioner for Drainage, and shall have the like Power and Authority as the Person by whom such Agent or Deputy shall be appointed, but no such Agent or Deputy shall be capable of .-.cting as Agent or Deputy for the Purposes of this Act for more than One Commissioner for Drainage at any one Time.

XLIVd And be it further enacted, That no Person shall be capable of Cnrnmission-acting as a Commissioner for Drainage (except it be in administering the Oath or Affirmation herein-after mentioned to any of the firmation. other Commissioners) until he or (lie shall have taken the O-ith following, or being of the People called Quakers, make Affirmation;

(videlicet)

‘ I do swear [or, being one of the People called Quakers, do

H solemnly affirmj That I will, without Favour or Affection, Hatred

* or Malice, truly and impartially, according to the bed of my Skill and

* Knowledge, execute and perform all and every the Powers and Autho-‘ lilies, in the Execution whereuf I shall at any Time act as a Commissioner for Drainage, appointed in and by an Act made in the Forty-ninth Year of

4 ‘ the

$8o

Penalty on Pei fans a t-ir£ no* I'eing qualified.

Times and places of holding Met tii gs.

490 G EO R G11 III. 'Cap. 44.

‘ the Reign of His Majesty King George the Ihird, intituled, "An Act

* [here infer t the Title of this Act~\. ‘ So help me GOD.

"Which Oath it ihal and may he lawful to and for any One of the said C >mmissioners for Drainage to administer, and such Commissioner for Drainage is hereby required to administer the same to the other Commit fliom-rs.

XLV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person shall presume to act as a Commissioner for Drainage, before he or fire shall have taken the said Oath or made Affi.mation as aforesaid, or if any Person, not being duly qualified as required by this Act, shall have acted or shall have appointed an Agent or Deputy, who shall have acted as such Agent or Deputy in the Execution of this Act, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such t ft'ence the Sum of Twenty Pounds, to any Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, with full Costs of Suit, by Act on of Debt, or on the Cafe, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoign, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than One Imparlance shall be allowed; and the Pc-rfon so prosecuted shall prove that he or she has taken such Oath, or made such Affirmation, and is qualified as aforesaid, or otherwise shall pay the said Penalty of Twenty Pounds, without any other Proof or Etidence on the Part of the Prosecutor than that such Person has acted as a Commissioner for Drainage in the Execution of this Act, or has appointed an Agent or Deputy who has acted in the Execution of this Act, one Moiety of which Penalty shall be paid to the Prosecutor, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XLVI. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Drainage shall and they are hereby required to hold their firlf Meeting for carrying this Act into Execution in the said Parish of HadJifcce, on the first Monday in the Month next after the Execution of the said Award by the said General Commissioners, between the Hours of Twelve of the Clock at Noon and Two of the Clock in the Afternoor; and the said Commissioners for Drainage shall meet on the first Tuesday in the Month of May in each and every Year, between the Hours of Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon and "I welve of the Clock at Noon in the said Parish of Haddifcoe, which last-mentioned Meeting shall be called The General Annual Meeting of the said Commissioners for Drainage; and the said Commissioners for Drainage shall and may from Time to Time adjourn them, selves to meet at any convenient Place within any of the said Parishes or within Eight Miles thereof, which they the said Commissioners for Drainage, or the major Part of them present at any such Meeting flull appoint; and if it shall so happen that there shall not appear a sufficient Number of the said Commissioners for Drainage at any tuch Meeting, to aftoi to adjourn to another Day (Two Commissioners for Drainage to be deemed sufficient for the Purpose of Adjournment), or if they shall refuse or neglect to adjourn, or if any Two or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage shall deem a Meeting of the said Commissioners for Drainage to be necessary or proper before the Time appointed for the then next General Annual Meeting, or Meeting by Adjournment of such Commissioners, then and in every or any such Case, it shall and may be lawful

to

88 r»

49* G R O R G11 III. CjUp.^\.

to and for any Two or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage to to call a Meeting to be holden within the said Parish of Haddifcoe, by Writing under their Hands affixed to the Doors of the Parish Churches of Thurlton, Haddifcoe, and Thorpe next Haddifcoe, and by publishing the fame in the Norfolk Chronicle or Norwich Mercury, or in fonie other Newspaper printed and circulated in the said County of Norfolk, Eight Days at least previous to the Time of such Meeting; and no Ad of the said Commissioners for Drainage shall be good, valid and effectual, unless done at some Public Meeting to be holden by virtue of this Act (save as may be herein excepted); and that all Powers and Authorities granted to or vested in the said Commissioners for Drainage, shall and may from Time to Time be exercised by the major Part of them present at any Meeting, the whole Number present at such Meeting not being less than Five, and the said Commissioners for Drainage shall, at their Meetings in pursuance of this Act» be allowed Ten Shillings each per Day out of the-Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, and no mote, towards their Expences, so that no such Allowance do in the whole exceed the Sum of Four Pounds per Day at any such Meeting of the said Commissioners for Drainage.

XL.VII. And be it further enacted, That fair and regular Entries shall Entries of be made in a Book or Books, to be provided for that Purpose, of all the Acts, Orders, Rules, Regulations, Dhedions and Proceedings of the Evidence, said Commissioners for Drainage, relative to the Execution of this Act, and of the Names of the Commissioners for Drainage, who shall be present at their respective Meetings, and the same shall be signed by the Clerk to the said Commissioners for Drainage; and all such Entries being so signed shall be deemed Originals, and shall be allowed to be read in Evidence in all Courts whatsoever, in all Cafes, Suits, and Actions, touching any Thing done in pursuance of this Act.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Drainage shall and may sue and be sued in the Name of their Clerk; and of the clerk, that no Action that may be brought or commenced by or against the said-Commissioners for Drainage, or any of them, by virtue or on account of this Act, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Commissioners for Drainage, but the Clerk, for the Time being to the said Commissioners for Drainage, shall always be deemed Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action (as the Case may be), except in such Action or Actions as shall be prosecuted between the said Commissioners for Drainage and their Clerk for the Time being, in which Action any one of the said Commissioners for Drainage shall or may be made Plaintiff or Defendant (as the Case may be); provided always, that every such Clerk or Commissioner for Drainage, in whole Name any Action or Suit shall be commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of this Act^ shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of this Act, all such Coils and Ciiarges ssby the Event of any such Proceedings he shall be put to or chargeable with by real’on of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein.

XLIX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners fox For Drainage shall and may at their First or any other subsequent Meeting, ir>j officers. [Loc. & fer.] jo 0 appoint

88 2

49° GEORGII III. Cty.44.

appoints Clerk or Clerks, Treasurer, Surveyor and such other Officer or Officers for the Execution ol this Act as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think proper, and from Time to Time to remove them or any of them and appoint others as they shall find necessary or convenient, and by and out of the Monies to be raised by this Act may and they are hereby empowered to appoint and pay such Salaries and Allowances to such Officers, and to all other Per Tons by them the said Commissioners for Drainage employed in the Execution of this Act, as they shall think reasonable; and the said Commissioners for Diainage shall and may take such Security for the due Execution of the respective Offices by such Person and Persons as aforesaid, as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think proper; and all such Officers and Persons so to be appointed as aforesaid shall, under their Hands, at such Time or Times, and in such Manner as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall direct, deliver to such Commissioners for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, true dnd perleft Accounts in Writing of all Matters and Things committed to their Charge by virtue of this Act, and also of all Monies which shall have been by such Officer or Officers, and Person or Persons respectively received by virtue and for the Purposes of th's Act, and how much thereof hath been paid and disbursed, and for what Purposes, together with the proper and legal Receipts or Vouchers for such Payments, and shall pay all such Monies as shall remain in their respective Hands to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint; and all the said Officers and Persons so accounting as aforesaid shall upon Oath verify their said Accounts (which Oath any One of the said Commissioners for Drainage is hereby empowered to administer); and if any such Officer or Person shall not make and render, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or shall refuse to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame, or shall not deliver to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as they shall appoint, within Twenty Days after being thereunto required by such Commissioners for Drainage, all Books, Papers and Writings in his or their Custody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, or shall refuse or neglect to pay such Monies as upon the Balance of any Account or Accounts shall appear to be in their respective Hands, to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or as they shall direct and appoint, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid such Commissioners for Drainage may and they are hereby authorized and empowered to bring or cause to be brought any Action or Actions against the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing as aforesaid, or if Complaint shall be made by the said Commissioners for Drainage, or by such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint for that Purpose, of any such Refusal or Neglect as aforesaid, to any Two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the County or Place wherein such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so neglecting or refusing shall be and reside, such Justices may and are hereby authorized and empowered by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals to cause the Officer or Officers, Person or Persons so refusing or neglecting to be brought before them, and upon his or their appearing, or not being found, to hear and determine the Matter in a summary way, and if upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Testimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice or Justices is and are hereby empowered to administer) it shall appear to such Justices that any of the Money that shall have been

collected

49° GGEORGII III. Gap. 44.' 883

collected or raised by virtue of this Act shall be in the Hands of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, such Justices may and they are hereby authorized and required upon Non-payment thereof, by Warrant or Warrants under their Hands and Seals to cause such Money to be levied by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons respectively; and if no Goods and Chattels of such Officer or Officers, Person or Persons, can be found sufficient to answer and satisfy the said Money and the Charges of didraining and felling the fame, or if it shall appear to such Indices upon the Confession of the Party or Parties, or by the Tedimony of any credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath the said Justices are hereby empowered to adminider), that any such Officer or Person shall not have made and rendered, or shall refuse to verify upon Oath any such Account, or shall refuse to produce or deliver up the Receipts or Vouchers relating to the fame, or shall not have delivered to the said Commissioners for Drainage, or to such Person or Persons as they shall have appointed, within Twenty Days after being thereunto required by such Commissioners for Drainage, all Books, Papers and Writings in his or their Cudody or Power relating to the Execution of this Act, then and in any of the Cafes aforesaid such Justices shall commit every such Offender to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for the said County of Norfolk, there to remain, without Bail or Mainprize, until he shall make and give a true and perfect Account and Payment as aforesaid, or until he shall have compounded with the said Commissioners for Drainage, and shall have paid such Compoficion in such Manner as they shall appoint (which Composition the said Commissioners for Drainage are hereby empowered to make), and until he shall deliver up such Books, Papers, Vouchers and Writings as aforesaid, or give Satisfaction in respect thereof to the said Commissioners for Drainage:

Provided always, that no such Person shall be detained in Prison for any such Offence more than Three Calendar Months.

L. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Drainage Wi rk3 of shall be and they are hereby empowered from Tme to Time, by such b/ktpfin0 Agents or Persons as they shall think proper to employ, to support, Kquir. maintain, repair and improve all such Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills,

Sluices, Engines, Bridges and other Works as shall be made or erected by the said General Commissioners, in, through, over or upon the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act for the Purposs of draining the fame, and from Time to Time to renew such of them as shall fall into Decay, and become incapable of being repaired; and also to make and erect all such other Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines, Bridges and other Works as shall appear to the said Commissioners for Drainage to be necessary for effectually draining the said Lands and Grounds; ail which Drains, Dams, Banks, Mills, Sluices, Engines,

Bridges and other Works to be made or erected by the said General Commissioners or by the said Commissioners for Drainage, for the Purpose of draining the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, and the Right and Property to and in the fame, and the Materials of which the same shall confill, and also the Piece or Pieces of Land to be set out and allotted by the said General Commissioners to the said Commissioners for Drainagr, for maintaining, repairing and preserving the fame, shall be and the fame is and are hereby vested in the said Commissioners for Drainage for the Time being, and they are hereby authorized and i

required

884

To raise Mc-t ey for maintaining Works,

Tenants to pay Taxes.

For Rtcovc y et Taxes.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 44,

required from Time to Time to insure from Fire all and every such Mills, Engines, Edifices and Buildings as shall at any Time or Times be erected by virtue of this Act.

Id. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for Drainage shall and may from Time to Time and at all Times after the said Award of the said General Commissioners shall be made and executed, at any of their Meetings to be holden in pursuance of this Act, assess, rate, tax and charge all and every the Owners and Occupiers of the said Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, with such equal and proportionable Rates and Assessments upon their respective Parts and Shares thereof, not exceeding Five Pounds per Acre, as they the said Commissioners for Drainage shall judge necessary for the making, maintaining, repairing and supporting of the several Works for the Drainage of the said Lands and Grounds, or any Part thereof, and for making any necessary Alterations or Enlargements thereon or thereto as Occasion shall require; all which Rates, Taxes and Assessments shall be collected by and paid to such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons, and at such Times as they the said Commissioners for Drainage'shall appoint, and shall be applied by them in Discharge of all such Expences as they shall incur in the Execution of this Act.

I.II. And be it further enacted, That all Tenants and Occupiers of all and Angular the Lands and Grounds, to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall pay and are hereby authorized and required to pay such Sums of Money as shall be so afiefled on the Lands in their respective Occupations by the said Commissioners for Drainage, to the Collector or Collectors or other Person or Persons appointed by the said Commissioners for Drainage for the Purpose of receiving the fame j and it shall and may be lawful to and for every such Tenant and Occupier to deduct and retain the fame out of his, her, or their Rent or Rents, and the several Owners are hereby required to allow such Deduction; and every such Tenant paying such Rate or Assessment shall be discharged of so much Money as the same shall amount to, as fully as if the fame had been paid to his or her Landlord.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That in care any Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, or Occupier or Occupiers of any Lands or Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, shall make Default in Payment of the whole or any Part of the Sum or Sums of Money to be rated, afiefled, taxed or charged upon him, her or them, for or in respect of such Lands or Grounds, or any Part thereof, and shall continue in such Default by the Space of Ten Days next after the Time appointed by the said Commissioners for Drainage for such Payment, and alter such Demand of such Rates or Assessments made by the Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized to collect such Rates and Assessments, by Writing left at the usual Place or Places of Abode of such Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers who ought to pjy the fame, or if such Owner or Owners, Tenant or Tenants, Occupier or Occupiers shall not have any Place of Abode within the said Parishes of Thurlton, Haddifcoe, and Thorpe next Haddifcoe, or within Two Miles of the fame, then (after Demand made by the said Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized to collect such Rates and Aiftffinents, by t Notice

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 44. 88

Notice in Writing affixed upon some conspicuous Part of the Premises charged with such Rates and Assessments), it shall and may be lawful to and for such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized, as aforesaid, by virtue ol any Warrant or Precept under the Hinds and Seals of any Three or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage,

(which Warrant or Precept such Three or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage are hereby empowered and required to make and give as there shall be Occasion, though not assembled at any Meeting in pursuance of this Act), to enter into and upon all or any Part of the Lands and Grounds so rated and assessed as aforesaid, and into and upon all or any Messuages or Tenements thereupon {landing, and there, or in any Part or Parts of the Lands, Ground?, Messuages or Tenemenss upon which such Entry shall be made, to dill rain all or any such Goods, Chattels, or Cattle as flia.ll be there found; and it shall and maybe lawful for such Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons authorized as aforesaid, to impound the Goods, Chattels, or Cattle so distrained on any Part of the Messuages or Lands whereon the same shall be found, or otherwise to take, lead, drive, or carry away and keep the lame for the Space of Five Days, leaving Notice in Writing of the Cause of such Distress or Distreffes at the Messuage or Tenement, Messuages or Tenements, or in some conspicuous Part of the Lands or Grounds upon which such Distress shall be taken, or otherwise at the usual Place or Places of Abode of the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels or Cattle so distrained; and if such Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels or Cattle so distrained,

shall not pay the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed, rated and distrained for as aforesaid, together with the Costs and Charges of such Warrant and taking such Distress, and of keeping and maintaining the fame, or replevy the Goods, Chattels or Cattle so distrained, according to the Laws now in force for Non-payment of Rent, within the said Five Days, that then the said Goods, Chattels and Cattle so distrained shall be appraised by Two or more indifferent Persons to be sworn by the Constable or Headborough of the Parish or Place where such Distress {haft be made, (who isjiereby authorized and required to administer an Oath for that Purpose), to appraise the fame according to the bed of their Judgements, and that after such Appraisement as aforesaid, the said Goods,

Chattels and Cattle shall be sold by the said Collector or Collectors, or other Person or Persons as aforesaid, for Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money so assessed, rated, and distrained for, and of the said Costs and Charges, and also of the Costs and Charges of appraising and felling such Distress $ and that the Overplus arising from such Sale (if any), after Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money, shall be returned on Demand to the Owner or Owners of such Goods, Chattels, and Cattle.

LIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any of the said Lards unte-Lands or Grounds to be drained as aforesaid shall at any Time hereafter da s-cu^ be uatenanted or unoccupied, lo that no sufficient Dilirefs can be made for rity for the levying the said Rates and Assessments, then the Lands and Grounds RiKS-chargeable therewith shall remain a Security for Payment of such Rates and Assessments; and all Goods, Chattels, and Cattle which shall at any Time thereafter be found thereon, shall and may bedistrained, impoundeu, kept and fold in Manner aforesaid, until such Rates and Assessments, and [Loc. & Per.'] 10 P all

Ul

$86

t

ranHhnient

for ileltroj ir

Works.

pfnoUy on pti fons da-

m2g’r.g

Works.

•Penalty on

Neglect to cicanfe Dykes.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 44

all Arrears thereof and the Charges incident to such Distress, shall be fully paid and satisfied.

LV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ? wilfully and maliciously cut, break down, demolish, or destroy any Bank, Mill, Engine, Dam, Floodgate, Bridge, Sluice or Tunnel already made, or which shall at any Time hereafter be made or erected, supported, maintained or used for answering any of the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending and being convicted thereof shall be deemed guilty of Felony, and the Court before whom such Person shall be tried and convicted shall have Power and Authority to cause such Person or Persons to be transported for Seven Years, or in Mitigation of such Punishment may award such Sentence as the Law directs in Cafes of Petit Larceny.

LVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall wilfully or maliciously flop, dam up, or damage any Drain, Wa'er-course, Dam, Bridge, Stile or other Work or Works, which shall at any Time hereafter be making or erecting, or made or erected, supported, maintained or used for any of the Purposes of this Act, every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted before any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Norfolk, on the Oath of One or more credible Witness or Witnesses (which Oath such Justices are hereby empowered to administer), shall forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Fifty Pounds, to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender by Warrant, under the Hands and Seals of such justices, and such Money when fp levied shall be paid to any One or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage, or to their Clerk, and shall be applied towards the Discharge of the Expences attending the Execution of this Act, and for want of sufficient Distress such Offender or Offenders shall by the said Justices be committed to the Common Gaol for the said County of Norfolk, for any Time not exceeding Twelve Calendar Months, at the Discretion of the said Justices.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers of any Part or Parts of the Lands and Grounds to be drained by virtue of this Act, to which any Ditch or Ditches, Drain or Drains shall belong, shall neglect or refuse sufficiently to scour, tleanfe, open or repair any such Ditch or Drain, or to make the fame of a sufficient Depth and Width, after Ten Days Notice in Writing given to him, her, or them, or left at his, her, or their usual Place of Abode, from Time to Time for that Purpose, by the Collector or other Officer appointed under and by virtue of this Act, (such Collector or other Officer having an Order in Writing for that Purpose under the Hands of Two or more of the Lid Commissioners for Drainage), every such Owner or Owners shall for every such Neglect or Refusal forfeit and pay the Sum of Two Shillings for every Rod of the Ditch or Drain so neglect'd to be scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, deepened or widened; and it shall and may be lawful from Time to Time for such Collector or other Officer to cause such Ditches and Drains, at the Charge and Expence of such Owners or Occupiers, to be scoured, cleansed, opened, repaired, and deepened in a sufficient Manner; and where a Way shall have been made over any Ditch or Drain, without a sufficient Tunnel, to cause such Way to he taken up, 9 and

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

and such Ditch or Drain to be made of a proper Width and Depth, and by a W arrant or Precept under the Hands of Three or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage (which Warrant they hereby have full Power to grant, although they shall not be assembled at any Meeting under this Act), to levy such Penalty, and also such Charges and Expences upon such Owner or Owners, Occupier or Occupiers, by Distress and Sale of his, her, or their Goods and Chattels, and such Penalties shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

LVIII. And be it further enacted, That no Tree or Trees shall at an^ No Tree* t» lime or Times hereafter be planted, or any Building, Stack or Rick erected or built, except by the Order or Permission of the said Commis- erected with-sioners for Drainage, nearer to any Mill or Engine, which shall be made, erected, or employed as aforesaid, than Two hundred Yards; and if any i-t erected Tree or Trees shall be planted, or any Building, Stack or Rick shall be bvihe hereafter made, erected or built, within the Diltance aforesaid of any such ori^r cAVne Mill or Engine, and if the Owner or Owners of any such Tree or Trees, Couuniffio*. Building, Stack or Rick, shall neglect to take down and remove, or cause to be taken down and removed, such Tree or Trees, Building,

Stack or Rick, for the Space of Fourteen Days after Notice in Writing :shall have been given to him, her, or them for that Purpose, or left at his, her, or their lad or usual Place or Ptaces of Abode, signed by any Three or more of the said Commissioners for Drainage, then and in such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for Drainage, to cause such Tree or Trees to be taken down and carried away, and such Building, Stack or Rick to be pulled down or removed.

LIX. And be it further enacted, That the Grass and Herbage grow- Herbage of ing, arising. and renewing upon such Parts of the Lands and Grounds hereby directed to be divided, allotted, and inclosed, as shall be veiled in nually. the said Commissioners for Drainage, shall be let by the said Commissioners for Drainage at their General Annual Meetings to be holden as aforesaid, for the belt Rent or Rents that can or may be gotten for the fame, and such Rents shall be applied by the said Commissioners for Drainage for the general Purposes of Drainage under this Act, in such Manner as they shall at such Annual Meeting direct.

LX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, or Body Appeal to the or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, shall think hitnfe.f, herself, or themselves aggrieved by any Thing done or omitted to be done in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, (other than and except as to such Claims, Matters, and Things which shall be ascertained, settled, tiied, or determined by the Verdict of a Jury, under the Power and Authority herein-before contained, or where, by any of the Provisions or Clauses of the said recited Act or this Act, the Determinations, Orders,

Acts. or Proceedings of the said General Commissioners are declared and directed to be final and conclusive), then and in every such Case, he, (lie, or they may appeal to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace which shall be held for the said County of Norfolk, within Four Calendar Months next after the Cause of Complaint shall have arisen, on giving to the said General Commissioners or any Two of them, and to the Party or Parties concerned, in case the Appeal shall be made against any Act or Deter- mination of the said General Commissioners, or to the Clerk of the said Commissioners for Drainage, in caf; the Appeal shall be made against any

* Act

S8S

49° G E ORGII III. Cap. 44.

Act Or Determination of the said Commissioners for Drainage, Ten Day Notice in Writing of such Appeal and the Matters thereof; and the 1 u dices (not interested in the Premises) at their said General Quarter Sessions are hereby required to hear and determine the Matter of every such A, peal, and to make such Order and award such Colls and Dmiages as to them in their Discretion lhah fcem reasonable, and by their Order or W arrant to levy the Colls and Damages which shall be lb awarded, by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties liable to pay the fame, rendering the Overplus (ifany) upon Demand to the Owuer or Owners of such Goods and Chattels, after deducting the reasonable Charges of such Warrant, Distress, and Sale; and the Determination of such Justices shall be final and conclusive to all Parties concerned, anti shall not be removed or removeable by Certiorari, or any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of fiecord at Westni infer or elsewhere; but in case such Appeal lhah appear to the said Justices to be frivolous, vexatious, or without fufticietit Foundation, then the said Justices shall award such Colts to be paid by the Appellant or Appellants, as to the said Justices in their Discretion Hull leem rtalon-ble, and to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

Recovery cf

LXI. And be it further enacted, That all Penal.ics and Forfeitures BiflrtlsSby this Act imposed and incurred (for the Recovery ai.d Application whereof no particular Method is heiein directed) shall be levied and recovered by Distress and Sale of the Offender’s Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of any Justice of the Peace lor the said County of Norfolk (which Warrant such Justice is hereby empowered to grant), upon the Conviction of the Party or Parties, on his, her, or their Confession, or upon the Evidence of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses upon Oath (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer) and the Overplus (if any) after deducing the Costs and Charges of such Distress and Sale, shall be rendered to the Owner or Owners of such Goods and Chattels; and such Penalties and Forfeitures, when recovered, shall be paid to the Treasurer or Clerk of the said Commissioners for Drainage, and shall be applied lor such of the Purposes of this Act as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think fit, but nevertheless it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for Drainage at any of their Meetings, to pay or cause to be paid lui h Part of the said Penalties or Forfeitures, not exceeding One Moiety thereof, to the Informer or Informers, as the said Commissioners for Drainage shall think reasonable; and in case futEcient Distress shall not be found, or such Penalties and Forfeitures shall not be paid forthwith, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justice, and he is hereby authorized and requited, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to cause the Offender or Offenders to be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction of the said County of Norfolk, there to remain without Bail or Mah prize for any Time no: exceeding Six Calendar Months, unless such Penalties and Forfeitures, and all reasonable Charges attending the fame, shall be sooner paid and satisfied.

LXII. And be it further enacted, That in all Cafes where any Conviction shall be had for any Offence or Offences committed again!! this Act, or any Matter in pursuance thereof, the Form ot Conviction shall be in the Words, or to the Effect following; (videlicetj.

‘BE

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

* !>E it remembered. That on this Day of

‘ in the Year of our Lord

* convicted before of His Majesty's Justices

‘ of the Peace for the County, [or, as the Case shall be] of having

* [as the Offence shall be] contrary to an Act of Parliament made in

* the Forty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Third, intituled, [here Jet forth the Title of this A£f\ and I [or, we] the said

do adjudge him [her, or, them] to forfeit and pay for the fame the Sum of Given under my Hand and Seal [or,

* our Hands and Seals] the Day and Year aforesaid.’

8S9

Form of Con-v-ction.

LXIII. And be it further enacted, That no Order, Determination, Proceedings Judgement, Conviction, Warrant, or other Proceeding to be had, touching q[!;fl*°dbfor the Conviction of any Offender or Offenders against this Act, or any Want ot Order, Rate, or Assessment to be made, or any other Matter or Thing so re"

to be done or transacted, in or relating to the Execution of this Act, shall certiorari-7 be quashed or vacated for want of Form only, or be removed or removable by Certiorari, or by any other Writ or Process whatsoever, into any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; any Statute, Law, or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstantiing.

LXIV. And be it further enacted, That where any Distress shall be niftrefs not made for any Tax, Rate, or Sum of Money to be levied by virtue of this unlawful for Act, the Distress itself shall not be deemed unlawful, nor the Party or wantofform-Parties making the same be deemed a Trespasser or Trespassers on account of any Defect or Want of Form in the Rate or Assessment to be made, or in the Information, Summons, Conviction, Warrant, Distress, or other Proceeding relating thereto, nor shall the Party or Parties distraining be deemed a Trespasser ab initio on account of any Irregularity which shall be afterwards done by the Party or Parties so distraining, but the Person or Persons so aggrieved by such Irregularity shall and may recover full Satisfaction for the Special Damage in an Action upon the Cafe.

LXV. And be it further enacted, That no Action or Suit shall be com- Limitation of menced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done Action*, or to be done by virtue or in pursuance of this Act until after Thirty Days Notice thereof in Writing figr.eJ by the Party or Parties aggrieved shall have been given to the Party or Parties complained of, or left at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Plac.es of Abode, thereby letting forth the Cause of such Action or Suit, nor after sufficient Satisfaction or Tender thereof hath been made to the Party or Parties aggrieved, nor after Six Calendar Months next after the Fact committed or the Cause of such Action shall have arisen j and ev< ry Action commenced and prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Thing done in pursuance of this Act shall be brought and laid in the County of Norfolk, and not elsewhere; and if upon the Trial of such Action or Suit it shall appear that such Action or Suit shall ba brought before the Expiration ot Thirty Days next after such Notice shall have been given as aforesaid, or after sufficient Satisfaction made and tendered aforesaid, or after the Time limited for btinging the same as aforesaid, or be brought or laid in any other County than as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the Jury shall find a Verdict for the Defendant or Defendants; and in ail Cafes where a Verdict or Verdicts shall be [Loc. & Per.} 10 Q found

890 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 44.

found for any Defendant or Defendants in any such Action or Suit, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein shall discontinue the fame after the Defendant or Defendants shall have appeared thereto, or shall be non-suited, or if upon Demurrer Judgement shall be given against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, then and in every such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Double Costs, and have such and the like Remedy for recovering the same as any Defendant or Defendants hath or have for recovering Colls of Suit in any other Cafe by Law.

General LXVI. Saving always to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, His Heirs

Saving. and Successors, and to all and every other Person or Persons, and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, and his, her, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, and Administrators, (except the several Persons and Body or Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, to whom any Allotment or Allotments shall be made by virtue and in pursuance of this Act, for and in respect of such Rights or Interests as are hereby meant and intended to be barred, destroyed, and extinguished, and all Persons respectively claiming under them or in Remainder after them), all such Right, Estate, Title and Interest as they, every, or any of them could or ought to have had and enjoyed, of, in, to, or in respect of the Lands hereby directed to be divided, allotted, inclosed, drained, and preserved, in case this Act had not been passed.

Public Act-

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others without being specially pleaded.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StraHan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

-a

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 45.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Harlow Bush Common to Stump Cross, in the County of Essex.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and 17 O. *. c. 9. widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow Bulh Common, in the Parish of Harlow in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross in the Parish of Great Chesterford in the said County: And whereas another Act was paired in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by 9 0 3 c. j«. an Act, paJJ'cd in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow Bulh Common, in the Parish of Harlow in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross in the Parish of Great Chesterford in the said County: And whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of Elis present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and 3'G. 3.0,99, Powers of Two Acts of the Seventeenth Year of His late Majesty, and the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, fer repairing and widening the Road leading from a Place called Harlow Bulh Common, in the Parish of Elarlow in the County of Essex, to Stump Cross in the Parish of Great Chesterford in the said County: And whereas the Trustees acting in the Execution of the said Acts have made great Frogress in the Repair of the [Lse. fc? Per.} 10 R said

®94 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

fnid Road, and for that Purpose have borrowed several considerab’e Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, thereby granted; which dill remain due and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in proper Repair, unless the Tam granted determined by the said A els is continued, the lolls increased, and the Powers and Provisions thereof altered, enlarged, and rendered more effectual: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Former Acts the fame. That the said recited Acts, and all the Clauses, Powers, Autho--continueJ. rides, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained ("except such Parts thereof as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also such as are hereby varied., altered, <ir repealed), shall he and remain in full Force and Efiecc, and together with this present Act shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually in all Ilefpebls, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said A his, and the Clauses, Powers, and Provisions therein respect tively contained, were expressed, repeated, and re-enabled in this present Act, but subject nevertheless to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained: and that this Act flit-,11 commence and take Eifebt upon the passing thereof, and the Term and Powers hereby granted mall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of ail Sums of Money now due and owing, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due on the Credit of the said recited Acts and of this present Act, or any of them, and all Interest due and to become due thereon reipeblively.

F'-r ditto*-

II. And whereas the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts have been pjet-^f Tors, f°un(l inefficient for amending and keeping the said Road in good R epair, s.:<i graining’ and for executing the several other Purposes of the said Abls; be it thtre-new one;. fore further enabled, That, from and after the Second Monday next alter the passing of this Act, the Tolls payable in and by the said recited Acts shall ceafp, determine, and be no longer paid; and that in lieu thereof, the following 'lolls shall be demanded and taken before any Horse, Mare, Gelilit g, Mule, Afs, Beall, or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever. be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, Side Bar, or Side Gate ercbled, or to be trebled by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, upon or across the said Road, or upon or across any Lane or Way leading unto the fame; (that is to say),

Tollt. For every Coach, Beilin, Landau, Chariot, Chaise, Chair, or Calalh

drawn by Six Horses, or other Beasts of Draught, the Sum of Two Shillings and Sixpence; and drawn by1 Four Horses or other Beads, the Sum of '1 wo Shillings; and drawn by Two or Three Horses or other Bealls, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Chaise, Chair, or Calalh diawn by One Horse or other Bead, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Hcrfe or other Bead drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Dray, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling and Three-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any fess Number:

For

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 45. 895

For every Drove of Calves, Hogs, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sam of - en-peiice per Score, and so in Proportion for any less Number:

And that Double the said respective Tolls shall be demanded and taken on every Sunday during the Continuance of this Act:

Which said respective Tolls or Duties shall be and are hereby declared to be vested in the Trustees appointed or to be appointed for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this present Act; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, the said Tolls at the respective Gates eretted or to be erected across r near the said Road; and they the said Trustees, or such Person or Persons as they shall authorize and appoint for that Purpose, shall have such and the fame Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for coliefling, demanding, recovering, levying, assigning, transferring, leafing, reducing, advancing, and compounding for the Tolls and Duties hereby granted or made payable, as are in and by the said recited Acts, or either of them, given or expressed with respect to the Tolls thereby granted or made payable, so that such Advancement of the said Tolls, or any of them, after the said Tolls, or any of them, shall have been reduced, do not exceed the Tolls hereby granted; but Fourteen Days Notice thereof at least shall be g'ven upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall be then Handing upon the said Read, previous to any such Alterations in the said Tolls , and that the salt! Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable shall be paid, applied, and disposed of to and for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as are in the said recited Acts and this Act directed and appointed i;. that Behalf.

III. And whereas, by the said first recited Act, the Trustees are re- The Rate of (Trained from paying any higher Rate of Interest for the Money thereby ^'ratedT*' auth a ized to be borrowed than Four Pounds per Centum per Annum,

\vh:ch Restriction is found inconvenient; be it therefore further enacted,

That so much of the said first recited Act, as restrains the paying any higher Rate of Interest than Four Pounds per Centum per Annum for the Money thereby authorized to be borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, shall be and is hereby repealed; and that it shall in future be lawful for the Trustees having the Care of the said Road, or any Five or more of them, to allow and pay as well for the Money which shall be hereafter borrowed as for the Money now due on the Credit of the said Tolls, such Rate of legal Interest as they shall think proper and consistent with the Intered of the said Road.

IV. And be it further enacted, That, from and after the Second Monday r.-ases cf th* next after the passing of this Act, all Demises, Leases, and Agreements

for Leases of the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts, shall cease and be void; and the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, shall and may and they are hereby required to make a fair and just Compensation and Satisfaction to the present Lessee or Lessees of the said Tolls for the I.ofs or Damage which he, she, or they shall sustain thereby, and such Compensation and Satisfaction shall and may be recovered by such Lessee or Lessees from the said Trustees, in case of Refusal to make the fame on Demand made to then- Clerk or One of the Treasurers, by Action of Debt or on the Cafe in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westniinficr.

896

Exemptions from Toll.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage employed in carrying or conveying or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said R#ad in the Townships or Purishes in which any Part of the said Road lies; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners for the Purpose of thralhing out such Corn, or of feeding out such Hay or Straw; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead employed in carrying or conveying or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, 01 Implements of Husbandry, Corn for feeding the Ground, or any Dung, Mould, Soil, Marl, Lime, or Comport employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands; nor for any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Parture or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed or farried; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship authorized by Law on a Sunday, or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said lownships or Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visitiugany sick Person, or going to or returning from his Parochial or Minirterial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Set vice is ordered by Auhority to be celebrated; or ior an;, Horse, Cattle, or Carriage of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Poltmarter General, cither when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any I arriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Ho/les, or other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack or Commissariat, or other publick Stores ol or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces; or for any Horse, Cart, Cattle, or Beast employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants sent by legal Passes, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bealt carrying or conveying any Person or Persons g ing to or returning from any Eieftion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Essex, Hertford, and Cambridge, on the Day or I>.,ys of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and that no Tolls frail be demanded or taken for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding funiished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for or on the Days of Exprcife, provided that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respefUve Corgy, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for fry!i Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as afore-lai.l; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collu'five

8 Manner

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 45. S97

Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the lame, every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving or Ctrragfs causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage pro- ^"V'r'ns vided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, storsnnt to Barrack or Commissariat, or other publick Stores of or belonging to His be Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty Forces, shall be subject to any overweight Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, &c.

Cart, or other Carriage, be Hopped or detained by reason of any Weight

m any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen, but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstandltig. —

VII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the said Empowering > Trullees, or any Seven or more of them, from Tjme to Time to contract

with any Person or Persons for making, maintaining, and repairing the Contracts, said Road, or any Part or Parts thereof, so that no such Contraft shall continue or he in force for any longer Space of Time than Seven Years; and the said Trustees shall and they are hereby required to take full and sufficient Security from the several Persons entering into such Contrafts respectively for the due Performance thereof.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or App'ict on of awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said reciteft Acts a . ount’ing to and this Act, for the Purposes therebf, which shall belong to any Cor- 108'• poration, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Iment that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other ILoe. b5 Per.] v to S Lands,

898

Application when C"m-pensation Mtiney '» left than aosl. and amounts to 20!.

Applira'lon «her MoH.*y is less than *ol.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, stood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be existing undetermined and capable of taking Effect and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Cer.tum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall, from Time to Time, be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments by the said recited Acts or this Act directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Paitie.-), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

X. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cales the same shall be applied to the Ult of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Alts ami this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or mme of them, f all think fit; and in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to Jtis, her, or their Guard an or Guardians, Committee or Committees,

to

899

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XI. Arid'be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered; then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [defer ibing them], subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which laid Court of Chancery on the Application of any Person or Persons making claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and invested in the Publick Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Estate or Estates, 'I itle or Interest, of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum «r Sum of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be fnewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful

7 Possession,

In case of not making our Title*.

Refp-cting;

difpi.tej

Tilt*.

goo 49° GEORGII III; Cap. 45.

Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some E Slate or Interest therein.

XIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the fame shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act,.it Shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchas'es from Time to Time to be made in purSuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court Shall deem reasonable, together with theneceflary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who Shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court Shall direct.

Pfrf>l 5ki, 1,

XIV. Provided always, and-be it further enacted, That all Persons who stVi'fic Work by Law are or Shall be liable to do Staiute Work, or are or Shail be charge-to continue able towards repairing and amending the said Road, or any Part thereof. Shall frill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and im-mcn" may be lawful to and for ajiy Two or more Justices of the Peace for the

nitterm.es said Counties of Ejp.'t, Hertford, and Cambridge, and they are hereby

tute wuik1 empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the said

Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order yearly to adjudge

and determine what Part or Proportion of the S:atute Work Shall every Year be done upon the said Hoad by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road ties, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Cumpofuion for such Statute Work as aforesaid. Shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said TruSIees, or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto, it Shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from dime to Time to Summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for eviery such Parish or Place to bring in Lids’before such JuSlices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons Cwithin Fourteen l ays after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statu e Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distingujih-ing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts of Names Shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as is, are or inav be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect ior the Repair of the publick Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justice Shall and may ailed, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who Shall appear to be subject and liable to Staiute Work as aforesaid, to do Such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices Shall think reasonable; and the fame shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Haytiine or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Road, as

the

The Court may oHer reafo table Expriues of Purchasss to be p «i<i by

Trulteci.

9oi

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 45.

the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Compositiort for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees, or their Treasurer, at such lime or Times as they the said Justices shall direct} and in Default of Payment thereof, the lame shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the rel’pective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road } all which Forfeitures shall be paid to One of the Treasurers to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lilts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on the said Road, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Road is situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road; which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to one of the Treasurers to the said Trustees in advance, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

[Loc.&Per.] 10 T XVI. And

Trustees may compound for Statute Woik.

902

For Payment of Expences of the Act.

[Publick Act.]

Term and Continuance of the Act.

49° GEORGII III. Cap.\$.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That the Cods, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the procuring and obtaining this Act, together with lawful Intered from the Time of advancing the fame till the Time of Payment, shall be paid and satisfied by the said Trustees; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby directed and required to order and direct the Payment of the said Charges and Expences, with Intered as aforesaid, out of the fird Monies that shall be collected, borrowed, or received by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, in preference to all other Payments and Disbursements whatsoever.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said recited Acts shall, on the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and the said recited Acts (subject to the Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein-before contained) and this Act shall from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 46.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts passed in the Seventh and Twenty-eighth Years of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road from the Bell Inn at Northfield,\ in the County of Worcester, to the Wootton Turnpike, in the Great Turnpike Road from Stratfiord-u ton-Avon, in the County of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the same County. [ 12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending end 7 g. widening the Road leading from the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the County of Worcester, to the Wootton Turnpike in the Greet Turnpike Road leading from Stratford-upon-Avon, in the County of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the same County: And whereas another Act was passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act made in the Se- g G-Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the County of Worcester, to the Wootton Turnpike, in the Great Turnpike Road leading from Stratford-upon-Avon, in the County of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the [Lee. & Perl] 10 U fame

c. 61.

I. «.iX5

906

AGs furtlitr cuntinuai.

New Trader

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

fame Ccun'.y: And whereas the Trustees appointed in or by virtue of the said Acts have proceeded to put the lame in Execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain due, and cannot be repaid, nrr can the said Road be properly amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the 'lerin of the said Acts be continued, and fotne of the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts altered, amended, and enlarged, andfomeof the Tolls varied asid increased; may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said in Part recited Adh, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provisions, Penalties, and Clauses therein contained (except such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties, and such as are hereby varied, ahered, or repealed;, shall be and continue in full force, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein particularly repeated and re-enacted, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments. Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take tffeci upon and from the Twentieth Day of November Onethoufand eight hundred and nine; and this Act, and the additional Term and the Tolls hereby granted, shall be and are hereby made subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on account of the said former Acts, or which may hereafter be borrowed or become due and owing on the Credit of the said former A dts and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

II. And whereas many of the Trustees named in or appointed by virtue of the said recited Acts are dead, and others have omitted to attend at the Meetings for carrying the said Acts into Execution, and it is expedient that new Trustees should be appointed for executing the said recited Acts and this Act; be it therefore enacted, That John Butman Esquire, John Barmen junior, Infull Burman, Robert Middleton Biddulph Esquire, James Bingham Esquire, the Reverend Thomas Bartlam, Robert B rtlam, the Reverend John Bartlam, Thomas Burman, Thomas James Philip Burman, the Reverend Michael Beecher, the Reverend John Cham-Lers, Edward Bolton Clive Esquire, the Reverend Thomas Courmoul, Dupdate Stratford Dugdale Esquire, Wil iam Defter, Thomas Dolben, the Reverend Fenwick, Thomas Feiberfton Esquire, Henry Geaft Esquire, Benjamin Greves, Thomas Hunter'EIqmre William Helmet Esquire, Francis Holyoake Esquire, Francis Edward Holyoake Esquire, Henry Hunt Esquire, Howard Esquire, the Reverend John Hogg, Thomas Clarke Jervoice Esquire, Thomas W'.wen Jones, Edward JohnfioriQattox obV\\tjIic, John Johnfc>fDodoroiVh\ft Robe t Knight Esquire, Henry Raleigh Knight Esquire, the Honourable’ William Lygon, the Honourable William Henry Lyttelton, John Lyttelton Esquire, Thomas Lea, Walter Candor Esquire, the Reverend Charles Lan-dor, dr Charles Mordaunt Baronet, William Moody Esquire, John Mills Matthew Mills, William Mills Esquire, Charles Mills Esquire, Christopher Musgrave Esquire, John Moore, Edward Burton Palmer, Seymour IV, ford Palmer, the Reverend John lex Palmer, William Palmer, John Payton,

Samuel

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Samuel Parr Doctor of Laws, Richard Reeve, Sir Edward Smythe Baronet, Edward Smythe Esquire, Richard Smith, Sir John Throckmorton Baronet, Thomas Willetts, the Reverend Poyntz Stewart Ward, Thomas JVUcox, John JVollaJlcn, John IValford, the Reverend Philip Wren, the Reverend James Way, and the Earl of Tarmouth, and their Successors, to be elected according to the Directions of the said first recited Act, shall be and are hereby appointed Trustees for putting in execution the said recited Acts and this Act, who shall meet and adjourn from Time to Time, according to the Directions of the said recited Acts.

III. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be Trafie?* may sued in the Name of their Clerk, and that no Action to be brought or commenced by or against the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, their ckre. by virtue or on account of the said recited Acts or this Act, or either of them, in the Name of their Clerk, shall abate or be discontinued by the Death or Removal of such Clerk, or by the Act of such Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees or any Five or more of them, but the Clerk for the Time being to the said Trustees shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Action, as the Case may be: Provided al- cierktobe ways, that every such Clerk in whole Name any Action or Suit shall be reimburiia commenced, prosecuted, or defended in pursuance of the said recited Acts ExPenc,li-or of this Act, shall always be reimbursed and paid out of the Monies to arise by virtue of the said Acts and this Act, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as by the Event of any such Proceeding he shall pay, bear, expand, or be put unto or become chargeable with by reason of his having been so made Plaintiff or Defendant therein as aforesaid.

IV. And whereas the Tolls by the said recited Acts authorized to be taken upon the said Roads are found infuiUcient; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the said Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nine, all such Tolls shall cease, determine, and be no longer paid, and they are hereby declared to be repealed; and that instead and in lieu thereof the following Tolls shall from that Time be demanded and taken at each and every or any of the Gates or Turnpikes erected or to be erected upon or on either Side of the said Road, by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose, before any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs, Beast, Oxen, Calves, Swine, Sheep, Lambs, or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, or other Carriage shall be permitted to pass through the fame; that is to say,

Former Toll* repealed, amt new Tolu be taken in lieu thereof*

For every Coach, Berlin, Landau, Chariot, Calash, Phaeton, Chaise, Tell*, or Chair, drawn by Four or more Hones, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence; and drawn by Two Horses, Mares, Geldings, or Mules, the Sum of Nine-pence; and drawn by One Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Waggon having the Wheels of less Breath than Six Inches, the Sum of One Shilling and Sixpence:

For every Waggon having the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, the Sum of One Shilling:

For every Cart having the Wheels of less Breadth than Six Inches, and drawn by three or more Horses, Mares, Ge!ding=, Mules, or Affcs,

the

go8

Tolli vestrd in Trustees.

Frefent Toll* to be collected till aoth No-ven. ber 1809.

Diiection that no moi e than One full Toll lha1: be taken, repealed-

No trore tl an One full Toll to be taken for passing on certain Parti of the Road.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

the Sum of One Shilling and One Penny Halfpenny; and drawn by less than Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or Asses, the Sum of Nine-pence:

For every Cart having the Wheels of the Breadth of Six Inches or more, and drawn by Three or more Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or Asses, the Sum of One Shilling; and drawn by less than Three Horses, Mares, Geldings, Mules, or Asses, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Cow, Heifer, Ox, or Bull, the Sum of One Penny; and for every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Five pence per Score-, and so in Proportion for any greater or less Number.

Which said several and respective Tolls are hereby vessel in the said Trustees by this Act appointed; and the said Tolls, and every Part thereof, shall and may be demanded, collected, recovered, applied, and disposed of in such Manner, and for Inch Uses, Intents, and Purposes as are directed by the Lid recited Acts with respect to the Tolls thereby authorized to be taken, but subject nevertheless to the Directions and Provisions of this Act.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in the mean Time, and until the fame Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nine, the Tolls at present payable at the several Toll Gates erected on the said Road, shall continue due and payable at the several Gates respectively, and shall be recovered and recoverable in such Manner as is provided by the said recited Acts, or either of them.

VI. And be it further enacted, That so much and such Parts of the said firfh recited Act as directs that no more than One full Toll shall be paid in any One Day for the fame Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, at all or any of the Turnpikes which should be erected on the said Road, and that all Persons, after Payment of the full Toll, should be permitted to pals through all the said Turnpikes with the lame Horle, Beall, Cattle, or Carriage, at any Time during the same Day, upon producing a Note or Ticket denoting the Payment of such Toll, shall be and the fame is hereby repealed.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Horse, Beast, Cattle, or Carriage, shall be subject to or charged with Tolls more than Once in any One Day (to be computed from Twelve of the Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the fticceeding Night;, for passing and repafiing through all or any of the Turnpikes erected or to be erected upon, across, or on the Sides of such Part of the said Road as lies between the JVootton Turnpike and the Per'.vccy, or more than Once in any One Day (to be computed as aforesaid) for passing and repassing through all or any of the Turnpikes erected or to be erected upon, across, or on

6 the

9°9

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

*lie Sides of such Part of the Paid Road as lies between the Portway and the Bell Inn at Norihfield, the respective Persons having paid such Tolls producing Notes or Tickets to the Collector of the l olls at the Toll Gate or Turnpike through which such Horse, Bead, Cattle, or Carriage shall afterwards pass, denoting such Payment, which Notes or Tickets the Collectors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on receipt of the Tolls: Provided also, that the Notes or Tickets of the Day denoting Payment of the Tolls at any Turnpike erected or to be erected upon, acrois, or on the Sides of any Parc of the Road between the Wtetion Turnpike and the Portway, fir all not entitle the Bearer thereof to pass through any Turnpike erected or to be erefled upon, across, or on the Sides of any Parc of the Road between the Portway and the Bell Inn at Nerilfield; nor shall the Notes or Tickets denoting Payment of Tolls ac any Turnpike erected or to be erected upon, across, or on the Sides of any Part of the Road between the Bell Inn at Northfield and ihe Portway, entitle the Bearer thereof to pass through any Turnpike erected, or to De ereCh-d upon, across, or on the Sides of any Part of the Road between the Portway and the Wootton Turnpike.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Dispute D'fputp^i.! shall happen touching the Quantity of Tolls due, or the Charges of tak- a'justice. ing, keeping, or felling any Distress which shall be taken by virtue of this Act, it shall and may be lawful for the Collector or Person distraining to letain the Distress or the Money aiifing from the Sale thereof, until the Quantity of such Tolls, or the Charges of seizing, detaining, and disposing of such Distress as aforesaid (as the Case shall happen) shall be ascertained by some Justice of the Peace for the County, Place, or District where such Dispute shall arise, who upon Application made to him for that Purpose shall examine the Matter upon Oath of the Parties, or any Witness or Witness’es (which Oath such Justice is hereby empowered to administer), and shall determine the Quantity of the Toll due, and also assess the Colls and Charges of such Seizure, Distress, Keeping, and Sale, and all other reasonable Costs and Charges; all which Suin or Sums of Money so determined and afieffed, shall be paid to the Collector before he shall be obliged to return the Distress or the Overplus after the Sale thereof or of any Part thereof.

IX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That from and after the said Twentieth Day of November One thousand eight hundred and nine, no Toll Gate, Side Gate or Bar shall be erected, set up, or continued upon, across the End, or any Part of Birch Acre Lane, or on the Side of the said Turnpike Road between the End of Birch Acre Lane, at the North-east Corner of Moarfidd Coppice, in the Parish of Beoley, in the County of Worcester, and Inkford Bridge, in the Parish of King’s Norton, in the same County; or upon the said Turnpike Road between the said Corner of Moot field Coppice and the Junction of the said Road with the Turnpike Road leading from Spa nal Afio to Birmingham.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or Exemption taken at any Toll Gate for any Cattle or Carriage solely employed in car- *»> ToX, r\ing or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from car-

[Loc. Cf Per.'] 10 X rying

No Gate to b« erected between Buclt Acre Lane sr.d Inkford Bridge,

49° GGEORGII III. Cap 46.

r\ing or conveying any Materials for repairing the fail] Road, or of any Lin e, Dung, Mould, Soil, or Compost of any Kind, for the manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground; or for any Ilorfe or other Cattle employed in the ploughing, sowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Grounds, or for any Cattle or Carriage employed in Ilarvefi-work or Husbandry, or in the Carriage of any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the S raw not for Sale, or returning from carrying the fame with any empty Carriage, or from the Owners or Occupiers of any Lands or their Servants, going to or from their respective Lands on the Business only of looking after such Lands or the Stock upon the fame, or for any Ilorfe or i,ther Cattle drawing or conveying any Poughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry in order lor the repairing thereof, or using the fame in Husban.iry, or any Utensil that shall be used or employed in Husbandry, or tilling cr manuring of Land; or for any Horses, Cade, Sheep, Swine, or Hogs going to or passing from Water or Paf-ture in any of the Pat iflaes 'through which the said Road leads, or which are next adjoining to tie said Road; or for any Iiorfe, Mare, or Gelding going to or returning from being (hod or iarried, or for any Sheep going to be or returning from any Wash, Dike, River, or other Place used for the vvashing of Sheep in any such Parishes, or for any Sheep going to or returning from any Place used for the Clipping of Sheep in any such Parishes; or for any Horses or Carriages of whatsoever Description employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and ExpreiTss ur.d: r the Authority of His Majesty’sPoftmaftsr General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Exprcffes, or in returning therefrom; or for any Horse belonging to any Officers or Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriage employed in carry-ingorconveyingor returning fromcarryingor conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers; or in carrying any sick, wounded,or ditabled Officers or Soldiers, or for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses or, other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or CommifTariar, or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding fur-niffied by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise: Provided always, that such Persons are in the Uniform of their respedcive Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horses or other Cattle or Carriage employed in conveying Vagrants sent with lawful Pafies, or for any Horse or other Cattle that shall be going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the respective Counties of Warwick and Worcester, on the Day of such Election or Elections, or on the Day before or on the Day after such Elections shall begin or' be coucl ided; nor shall any Toll be taken or demanded of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate going to or returning from his own Parish Church or other Place of Divine Worship, or vifuing his sick Parish-ioners, or upon any other Ecclesiastical Duty; ner from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel,

911

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or on any otrier Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die or be buried in any of the said Parishes; and if any Person or Persons shall <laim or take the Benefit of any such Exemption, not being emitIrd to the fame, every such Person shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in such and the same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by the {'aid firit-mentioned Act directed to be recovered and applied.

XI. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving, or causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Over-weight; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage be flopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen, but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cate, or other Carriage, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road or any Part thereof, (bali dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore, and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Warwick and Worcester, and they are hereby required and empowered within their telpeftive Jurisdictions, upon Application made to them by the said 1'ruf-tees or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion iff the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Pantiles or Places in which the said Road doth lie, and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place in lien of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in Older thereunto it shall be lawful for such Justices from Time to Time to fumtnon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at feme Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are cr may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect

Owner* or IJrivers of Waggons, conveying Military Scores not subject to Penal nes lor Over-wcignt*

Statute Work.

912

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 46.

effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lists the said Justices fba'll srJ may allot, appoint, arid order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear luhjett and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Stature Work in every \ear upon the said Road as the said Justiceg shall think reasonable, and the lame Dial I be done at such Days and at such Times (not bcng Hay Time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Irustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors ftw'l irom Time to lime order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices final! and may also order and direct the Per-foi.s who by such Lilts shall appear to be subject and liable rothe Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof the same shall and may be recovered by Diflrels and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Nonce in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that purpose by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, Avail for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horle or Horses, Beall or Beads, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work cn the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who Aiall be lound idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the rc-ipedlive Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid as if he had neglected or jefultd to come, or such Team or Draught had not been lent to work on any Part of the said Rond, all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said TruAees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the said Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lift as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

Tiufleesmiy

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Sur-swiuteVVoik vey°r or Surveyors of the Highways of any Parish, Township, Place, or Division, or the Inhabitants or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the lame respectively, to compound and agree with the said Trustees or any Five or more of them for the Statute Work to De by them or any of them done on the said Road; provided that such Composition Money be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors or other Officers of the Parish or respective Parishes so compounding,

to

9*3

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Trustees on or before the Thirty first Day of July in each Year, or wi'.hin One Calendar Month after Notice for that Purpose given him, her, or them respectively.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted, That wherever the Course ®w"CTS of. of any Part of the said Road shall be altered by virtue of the said re- maltingTiiy* cited Acts and this Act, or either of them, and a new Road opened and ‘ k 3 | > made in and upon the adjoining Land, the Offer of the Purchase of such off.- of :tt ' old Road shall be first made to ihe Owner of such adjoining Land which old Ro <i. shall be cut and used for the Purpose of making fuel) new Road, and in case such Owner shall be desirous of Becoming the Purchaser of such old Road, and cannot agree with the said Trustees for the Price to be pud for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall Hill be desirous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then and in such Case the Value thereof shall be settle;! and ascertained by a Jury, in such and the like Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of the said recited Acts and this Act is directed to be settled and ascertained in and by the said recited Acts and this Act, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof at the Sum to be ascertained by the Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall refuse to pay such Money upon Demand made thtreof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the Trustees, and Tender of the Conveyance of such old Road, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Hfytminster; and in case any such Owner shall not agree, or shall refuse to purchase any such old Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons (not interdled in the Premises) to make an Affidavit, to be sworn before a Mailer Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His MajeHys Justices of the Peace for the County where such old Road shall lie. Hating that such Offer has been made by or on behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed or has retufed to purchase such old Road (as the Case may be), and such Affidavit shall, in all Courts whatsoever, be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and not agreed to or refused by such Owner: Provided nevertheless, that if the Lands of Two or more Persons shall be taken for any such new Road as aforesaid, each and every such Owner shall be entitled to the First Offer ot so much of the old Road as is lying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Land respectively, in Manner aforesaid; provided also, that it Huh Owner or Owners respi.c-tively shall be willing and consent to take such old Road in Exchange for such new Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to assure the same to such Person or Persons, by entering the fame in their Books, and delivering- n> him or them a Copy of the Entry thereof, signed by any Five or more of the said Trustees, which Copy shall be a good and valid 1 itie to the fame, and be available in any Suit in Law or Equity.

XV. And be it Luther enacted, That in case any Jury to be futn- Kn*therx. moned under or oy virtue of the said recited Aftsc.r this Act, shall give ponces of a in or deliver a. Verdict or.AffcfTmept for more Money as a Recomptnce

914- 49* GGEORGII III. Cap. 46.

for the Right, Interest, or Property of any Person or Persons in any Lands or Hereditaments, or for any Loss or Damage to be by them sustained, than what fha.il have been agreed and offered by: he ft id 1 ruf-tees. or any Five or more of them, or their Treasurer, Clerk, Surveyor, or other known Agent, before the funimoning and returni g of such lury, as a Recompence and Satisfaction for any (itch R.glu, Interest, and Properly, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, or for Itfs Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken on behalf of the said Trustees as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Cale the Colts and E'pences of summoning and returning the Jury and Witnesses shall be borne and paid by the "lrealurer lo the said Trustees, out<f the Money in his Hands to arise by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act; but if any such Jury shall give and deliver aVerdict or Assessment for no more or less Money than shall h ive been offered by or on behalf of the said Trustees, before the summoning and returning of such Jury, as a Recompence or Satisfaction for any such Right, Interest, or Property, or Loss or Damage as aforesaid, or for the fame or any more Money than shall have been offered to be accepted or taken as the Purchase Money for any such old Road as aforesaid, then and in every such Case the full Costs and Expences of summoning and returning the said Jury and Witnesses, and all other Expences attending the hearing and determining of such Difference, shall be borne and p id by the Person or Persons with whom the said Trustees fhaff have such Controversy or Dispute; which said Costs and Expences having been ascertained and settled by some Justice of the Peace not interested in the Matter in Question (who is hereby required to examine and settle the fame at a Time and Place to be by him appointed after summoning the Parties interested therein to attend him for that Purpose), shall and may be deduced out of the Money so assessed, and adjudged as so much Money advanced to and for the Ul'e of such Person or Persons; and the Payment or Tender of the Remainder of such Monty shall be deemed and taken to all Intents and Purposes to be a Payment and Tender of the whole Sum or Sums so assessed or adjudged; or otherwise such Costs and Expences, in case the fame be not paid upon Demand, after being so afceita ned and settled as aforesaid, may be recovered by the Clerk to the Trustees by such Ways and Means as are herein provided for Recovery of Penalties and Forfeitures: Provided always, that in

all Cafes where any Person or Persons shall, by reason of Absence, have been preve ted from treating with the said Trustees, such Costs and E pences shall be borne and paid by the said Trustees in Manner aforesaid.

App'icvion of

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Co p--' Uti n awarded to be paid for any Lauds, Tenements, or Hereditaments pur-^lito chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acis *oo:. " and this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corpo-

ration, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money fl a I :n rale the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Tw . Hun ! ed Pounds, with all convenient Speed, be paii into the Bank of E>^land in the Name and wilii the Privity of the

Accountant

9*5

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, ex parte the Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Dire&iou anil with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other 1i-cumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, afftdling the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting any ether Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inveiled under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trufli,

Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be fj purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making the Conveyance and Settlement shall be existing, undetermined and capable of taking Eftedl; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be mad •, the said Monies shall, by Older of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invested by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum R'educed Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Di vidends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments so hereby directed to be purchased in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money when ler* so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or He-ditaments purchased, taken, or used, for the Purposes aforesaid, and exec<: ">l *°' belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be sign fied in Writing under the.r respective Hands, be paid into the Bank with the Privity and in the Name of tl e said Accounta. t General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trullees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by tive or more of the Trullees

for

916 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4-6.

for executing the said recited Acts and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be sign'fied inWriting under 'he Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Cale be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

Application

XVIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That when fitch Money To'" C'°tUn so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the life of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments lo purchased, taken, or used, for the Imports of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fir; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Ule and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

In car- of not

XIX. And be it further entitled, Thar in case the Person or Persons nut i,)g out to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase

Tales; any i-anc)s, Tenements, or Hereditament-, to be purchased by virtue

of the said Atts or this Act, for the Purposes of the said Road, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the or if Persons Premises to the Satisfaction of tfte said Trustees; or in case the Person or

cannot be Persons to whom any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded

chafe MorT as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such to he paui ’ Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, be not known or discovered, then into the Bank. and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the Sum and Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Piivity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing them,) subject to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim lo such Sum and Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the ante Court shall seem meet, to order the lame to t-e laid out and inverted in the public Funds, and to order Dirtribution thereof or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective Ertate or Estates, '1 itle or Interest, of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Caftiiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts so- fuel S in or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying fi r what and for whole Ufa-elite fame is or aie received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the hank as aforesaid. 9

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

XX. And be it further enacted, That where any Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to he paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said Acts or this Act, for the fife of the said Road, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments* or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of the l.ends, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or undtr the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or InterefI of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and difpnred of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful one, and that some o’her Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disabihty or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased undtr the Authority of the said Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the fame shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said Acts and this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Acts or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Cells and Charges of obtaining such Order to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay !uch Sums of Money for such Purpol'es as the said Court shall direct.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences incurred in and about the obtaining and passing of this Act, together with lawful Interest for all Money which shall be advanced from Time to Time for that Purpose, shall be paid out of any Money already raised by virtue of the said recited Acts, or out of the First Monies which shall be raised or borrowed upon the Credit of the said recited Acts and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Public Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

[Lee. ft? Per.] 10 Z 7 XXIV. And

9*7

R pectin. d f-puted 'l l k«.

C Urt of Clunceiy 'a dir. ct the . payment of Expei.cc*.

For paying the Exp. nee-of ' tin* Act.

FnV.ic Act.

918

c

ommrncp-

inentandl.’on-ti nuance of the Act.

49 GEORGII III. Cap. 46.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Acts (subject to the Alterations, Additions, and Amendments in this Act contained) and this Act, shall be in force and be executed for and during the Re-lidue now to come of the Term granted and continued by the said recited Acts, and from the Expiration thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 47.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, pa fifed in the Twenty-eighth Year of His present Majesty, for widening and keeping in Repair the Road from the Town of IValfall to Hamstead Bridge, and other Roads therein mentioned, all in the County of Stafford.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, , SG. 5. e-9». widening, turning and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Town of Walsall to llamstead Bridge, and the Road leading from the said Town to a Common called Sutton Coldfield, and the Road leading from the said 'Town to a certain Brook called Park Brook, which divides the Psrishes of Wallall and Wolverhampton, all in the County of Stafford:

And whereas the Trustees appointed in or determined by virtue of the said Act have proceeded to put the lame in Execution, for which Purpose they have borrowed considerable Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which Hill remain due and cannot be repaid, nor can the said Roads be properly amended, improved, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act is continued, and i'ome of the Powers and Provisions of the said Act altered and enlarged, and the Tolls increased: May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and [Lee. lif Per.] 11 A Confenc

<)22 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this as G. 3. con- present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That tmutd. the kjj passed in the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Privileges, Provisions, Penalties, and Clauses therein contained (except such as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties, and such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed) shall be and continue in full force, and be executed for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the fame were herein particularly repeated end re-enacted, but subject nevertheless to the Amendments, Variations, Alterations, and Additions herein contained, and which shall commence and take eiikft upon the passing of this Act, and this Act and the additional Perm hereby granted shall be subject and liable to the Payment of all Money now due and owing upon the Credit or on Account of the said former Act, or which may hereafter be borrowed or become •due and owing or the Credit of the said former Act and this Act, and of all Interest due and to grow due for the fame respectively.

NewTniftees- ft. And be it further enacted, That Charles Adams, John Adams,

Thomas Adams Surgeon, Henry Adams, dost ah Adams, Thomas Adams Wine Merchant, John AJij, V/yrlcy Birth, Henry Bowman. Benjamin Barber, William Brookes, Thomas Brookes junior, John Moss Badge-, William Badger, Samuel Barber, "John Vaughan Barber, Thames Boltin, Edward Banlon, Nathaniel Gooding Cla he, Nathaniel Clarke, Joseph Curtis junior, Jofph Curzon, Hill Cox, Richard Crump, Joj'ph Cowley, Thomas Cowley, Charles Henry Dana all, John Day, John EH, William Elwell, Samuel El-well, the Reverend Thomas Lane Freer, John Ereeth junior, Samuel Fletcher, (Bridge Street), Samuel Fletcher, (Dudley Street), Richard Moore Fletcher, Charles Smith Forjler, John Forjler, George Forjler, William Franklin, the Right Honourable GranviU Lev Jon Gower, commonly called Lord Granville Levcfon Gower, J’feph Griffin, Janus Groves, Pbincas Hujfey, Hyla Holden, John Heeley, Jofeib Hah ly, Edward Hath-away. James Hammerjlcy Hobbins, John HoObins, John Hod/on, Walter Horton, J.bn liarrifon, Joseph Harrison, William Harrison, Thomas Jan es junior, Rrehard James, Joseph Jams, Whitmore Jones, Thomas Morns, William Mold, John Marlow, Joseph Marlow, Isaac Marklew. Wildum Marshall, William Nicholls, William Neville, Thomas Oerton, the Reverend Philip Pratt, Jehu Parnell, Joseph Parson, James Payton, James Pitman, Wdhdm Parker, James Penn, Henry Quinton, Richard Rutter, Joseph Rock, Joseph Reynolds, Charles Reynolds, Sir Joseph Seott Baronet, the Reverend Thomas Hecdor Spurrier, Walter Spurrier, Thomas Scott, Joseph Stubbs, Samuel Shu: sett, Joseph Bealcy Stanley, Joseph Spurrier, William Spurrier, John Thttrjlan, William Tennant, James Underhill, James Villas, the Honourable John William Ward, John Clements ll hatelcy, the Reverend John Hylde, Wiliam Wakcman, James W.Jeman, John Wo'd, Front is / Catkin Weaver, J of ph Woollat, William J Foot ton, Bcnj min Willetts, Peter Wealberhead, Thomas Weutherhead, the Reverend John Waltham, Charles Windle junior, Thomas IPilfon junior, and Francis Tates, shall, from and immediately after the passing of this Act, be added to and joined with the Trustets appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Act, for putting the fame and this Act in Execution; and the Trustets hereby appointed, and their Successors, being qualified according to the Dirtfti.m of the said 1 ceiled Act, are hereby empowered to put the said recked Act and this Act

923

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

Act in Execution, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been named in and appointed by the said recited Act.

III. And be it further enacted, That inrtead of the Toll or Sum of Alteration of Three-pence, authorized and directed in and by the said recited Act to be ,oJ’' demanded and taken for every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or other

Bead, drawing any Carriage, so far as such Toll respects any Chaile,

Calash, HeaTfe, Phaeton, Chair, Caravan, Gig, or other such like Carriage, drawn by One Horse only, the following Tolls shall, from and after the passing of this Act, be demanded and taken at each of the Turnpikes erected or to be erected upon the said Road,; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or other Bead drawing any Chaise or other such like Carriage, as aforesaid, with Two Wheels, the Sum of Four-pence.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Ti ll shall be demanded or Excmp»i«n taken at any Toll Gate far any Cattle or Carriage foiely employed in fiomloU. carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying any Materials for repairing the said Reads, or of

any Lime, Dung, Mould, Soil, or Comport of any Kind, for the manuring of any Garden or other Land or Ground; or for any Horse or other Cattle employed in the ploughing, lowing, tilling, or cultivating of any Land or Grounds; or for any Cattle or Carriage employed in Harvert Work or Husbandry, or in the Carriage of any Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw, not for Sale; or returning from carrying the fame with any empty Carriage; or for any Horse or other Cattle, drawing or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or other Implements of Husbandry, in order for the repairing thereof, or using the fame in Husbandry, or any Utensil that shall be used or employed in Husbandty or tilling or manuring of Land •, or for any Horses, Cattle,

Sheep, Swine, or Hogs, going to or parting from Water or Pasture in any of the Parishes through which the said Roads lead, or which are next adjoining to the said Roads; or for any Horse, Mare, or Gelding, going to bi or returning from being (hod or farrie.!, or for any Sheep going to or returning from any Walh, Dike, River, or other Place used for the waihing of Sheep in any such Parishes, or for any Sheep going to or returning from any Piace used for the (heering of Sheep in any such Parishes; or for any Horses or Carriages, of whatsover Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Exprertes under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaster General, either when employed in conveying, (etching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning therefrom; or for any Horse belonging to any Officers or Soldiers upon their March or on Duty; or for any Horses, Cattle, or Carriage, employed in carrying or conveying, or returning from carrying or conveying the Arms or Baggage of any such Officers or Soldiers; or in carrying any lick, wounded, or disabled Officers or Soldiers, or for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horl'e or Horses or other Cattle drawing the lame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat or other Public Stores of or belonging to I its Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or for any Horle, Mare, or Gelding, furnished by or for any Persons belong to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them m going to ®r returning from the Place appointed for and 8 oa

92+

Owners or Drivers of Wajrgons conveying Military Stores not fuUjeft to Kn,ilties for tver Weight.

Penalty 'or

injuring

Fuo^allis.

R^strictinns from petting Gravel.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

on the Days of Exercise; provided always, that such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; or for any Horses, or other Cattle or Carriage, employed in conveying Vagrants sent with lawful Palfes; or for any Horse or other Cattle that shall be going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Stafford, on the Day of such Election or Elections, or on the Day before or on the Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; nor shall any Toll be taken or demanded of or from any Rector, Vicar, or Curate, going to or returning from his own Parish Church or other Piace of Divine Worship, or visiting his Sick Parishioners, or upon any other Ecclesiastical Duty j nor from any Person going to or returning from his or her propier Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person who shall die or be buried in any of the said Parishes; and if any Person or Persons shall claim or take the Benefit of any such Exemption, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Pounds, to be recovered and applied in such and the same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by the said recited Act directed to be recovered and applied.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving, or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat or other public Stores of cr belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for over Weight; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage be flopped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen, but it shall be lawful for any, Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to pot any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall ride upon any causeway or other Way already made or hereafter to be made upon the said Roads, or any Part thereof, for the Use of FootPafien"ers, or shall lead or drive any Horse or Horses, or Cattle or Swine upon any such causeway, or shall do or cause any Injury or Carnage to be done to the fame, every such Person shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, nor less than Ten Shillings, to be recovered and applied in such and the same Manner as any Penalties or Forfeitures are by the said recited Act directed to be recovered and applied.

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, no Gravel or ether Materials for repairing the said Roads shall

• - ’ be

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

be dug or gotren from a certain Gravel Pit now open at or near a Place called Barr Beacon, nor from the Land lying between the said G'avel Pit and a Cottage on the North Side thereof now or lately in the Occupation of 'John Shaw, nor from the Land lying on the South Side of the said Gravel Pit between the fame Gravel Pit and the Guide Post: opposite the Lane there leading to Great Barr Chapel, without the Confont in Writing of Sir Joseph Scott Baronet, or of the Person or Persons who for the Time being shall be the Proprietors of the Land in which such Gravel Pit has been made.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable 10 do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Fa t thereof, shall itill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall be lawful for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Stafford, (or for the Borough and Foreign of Waif all, in respect of such Farts of the said Roads as he within the Parish of Waif all , and they are hereby required and empowered, within their respective JurisJictions, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, or by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be dene upon the said Roads by the Inhabitants of the respective Parfhies or Places in which the said Roads lie, and also what Proportion of the Money, received oy the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or their Treasurer or Treasurers; and in order thereunto ic shall be lawful for such Justices, within their respective Jurisdictions, from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or t lace, to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Persons who, within such Parish or Place, are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Team* or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lift of Names dull be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as are or may be dre£fod by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and Co many of the Persons who shall appear subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the lame shall be done at such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harvest) and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall, from Time to Time, order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons, who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and [Loc. & Ber.J . 11 B Sale

925

Statute Work.

926

Trustees may compound for Statute Work,

Trustees empowered to frit G ound not wanted for the Purposes of the Act.

49® GGEORGII III. Cap. 47.

Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Tespective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor of the said Trustees, shall, for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force or effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Roads, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Perton shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees and applied towards amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyo s of the said ‘Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places, shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lift as aforesaid, or shall knowingly and wilfully give in lalfe or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding F.rty Shillings.

IX. And be it further enacted, That it shall be lawful for the Surveyor or Survejors of the Highways of any P.'.rish, Township, Piace, or Divitiun, or the Inhabitants or Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereuitatnents within the same respectively, to compound and agree with tl e said Tref-tees, or any Five or more of them, for the Statute Work to be by them or any of them done on the said Roads; provided that such Compofui.in Money be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors, or other Officeis of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding to the Treasurer or Treasurers of the said Trustees, on or before the Thirty-first Day of July in each Year, or within One Calendar Month after Notice for that Purpose given to him, her, or them respectively.

X. And whereas by reason of the diverting, altering, or turning of the said Roads, and by reason of the Purchases which the said Trustees have heretofore made and may hereafter make, by virtue of the said r cited Act and this Act, the said Trustees are feiled or may become fetfed of Ground or Soil forming the Road diverted or to be diverted, altered, or turned, and also of some Piece or Pieces of Ground, over and above what may be necessary for effectuating the Purposes of the said recited Act and this Act; be it therefore further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, from Time to Time to sell and dispose of such Grounds or Soil and Piece or Pieces of Ground, together or in Parceis, either by publick Sale or private Contract, (as they shall find moll advantageous and convenient) to such Person or Persons as shall be willing to contract for and purchase the same.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 47. 927

XI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Offer of the Pur- Owners of chafe of any old Road, or other Piece or Pieces of Ground, not wanted makfng^ew1 for the Purposes of the said rrcited Act or this Act, shall be first made to Roids to have the Owner of such adjoining Land, which shall be cut and used for the ^et^ft0^er Purpose of widening, turning, or improving the said Roads; and in case Road such Owner shall be desirous of becoming the Purchaser of such old R,oad, or other Piece or Pieces of Ground, and cannot agree with the said Yruf-tees for the Prie; to be paid for the Purchase of the fame, and such Owner shall still be desirous of becoming the Purchaser thereof, then and in such Case the Value thereof shall be settled and ascertained determined by a lury in such and the like Manner as the Price for any Land to be taken in pursuance of the said recited Act is divested to be settled and ascertained in and by the said recited Act, and such Owner shall be deemed the Purchaser thereof at the Sum to be ascertained by the Jury to be the Value thereof; and in case such Owner shall refuse to pay such Money upon Demand made thereof by the Treasurer or Clerk to the Trustees, and Tender of the Conveyance of such old Road, or Piece or Pieces of Ground, the same shall and may be recovered by the said Trustees, by Action of Debt in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ and in case any such Owner shall nor agree, or shall refuse to purchase any such old Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons (not interested in the Pretnifes) to make an Affidavit, to be sworn before a Mafte. Extraordinary of the High Court of Chancery, or before One of His Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County, Town Corporate,

Division, or Place where such old Road or other Piece or Pieces of Ground shall lie, flaring that such Offer has been made by or on Behalf of the said Trustees, and that such Owner has not agreed or has refused to purchase such old Road (as the Case may be); and such Affidavit shall in all Coutts whatsoever be sufficient Evidence and Proof that such Offer was made, and not agreed to or refused by such Owner: Provided nevertheless, that if the Lands of Two or more Persons shall be taken for any such new Road as aforesaid, each and every such Owner shall be entitled to the First Offer of so much of the old Road as is lying immediately adjoining to his, her, or their Land respectively in Manner aforesaid:

Provided also, that if such Ow.'xr or Owners respectively shall be willing and consent to take such old Road in Exchange for such new Road, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, and they are hereby required to affine the same to such Person or Persons, by entering the fame in their Books, and delivering to him or them a Copy of the Entry thereof, signed determined by any Five or more of the said Trufb.es, which Copy shall be a good and valid Title to the fame, and be available ;n any Suit in Law or Equity.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or Application of awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, pur- Computation chafed, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Act and amounting to this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall hef.ng to any Corporation, lool‘

Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Dif-abdity or Incapacity, as in the said recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the lame shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the

Trustees

928

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

Trustees f r executing the said recited Act and this Act, to the Intent that fueti ivioney shall be applied under the Direction and with the Appro-baiitm of die id Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Pet tion, to De preferr, u in a fumtnary Way by the Person or Persons who Would ha e been niitled ro the Rents and Profits of the said Lunds, Tent me ts, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any DePt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances, or Part thereof, as the said Court lha-11 authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, binding settled therewith, to the fame or the like lifts, Tufts, I.iren.s or Purposes, or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the lame shall be laid out and invested under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed and Let tied to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Here-diiaments, which shall be so purchased, taken, or uled as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of m king the Conveyance and Settlement shall be oxifting undetermined and capable of taking Etfe£t j and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Monies shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be invetled by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the s aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so hereby directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lan s. Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used, or of h s, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, with the Privity and in the Name of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in the Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to Two Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising therefrom, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be 11 applicable,

Where less than *ool and exceeding aoL

49° G EG RGII III. Cap. 47. 929

applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money, Application so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be lei's '*i,tre |cl* than Twenty Pounds, then ana in all such Cases the fame shall be applied l‘aa

to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands; Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the Lid Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Live or more of them, shall think fir, or in case of Infancy or Lun cy then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Commitees, to and for the Use and Benefit of huh Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XV. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to in case of not whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of out any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue-of ’

the said Act or this Act, for the Purposes of the said Roads, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Pre* mises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case the Person or Persons to whom any such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such or if persons Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or discovered, then p'r_

and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said chill- Money

Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the Sum and Sums of bBanic ">to

Money so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parlies interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments [describing them"], subject to the Order, Controul and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery, which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum and Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a summary Way of Proceeding or otherwise, as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the respective hftate or Ertates, Title or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; -

and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specitying lor what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That where any C>utftion shall arise, Relpefling touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank ^"5ted of England in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General

of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said Act or this Act, for the Use of the said Roads, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right or Interest, in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance thereof, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends [Lor. ft? Per.] n C io or

93°

Court of Chancery to di*e£t the hayment of Expences.

For paying th* E pences of this Act.

[Publick Act.]

Commence-men*: and Continuance of the Ad.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 47.

or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the Laid Court of Chancery, and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful one, and that l'ome other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased under the Authority of the said Act or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Heredita-nients, to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said Act and this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said Act or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such bums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court (hl-.ll direct.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Charges and Expences incurred in and about the obtaining and passing of this Act, together with lawful Interest for all Money which shall be advanced from Time to Time for that Purpose, shall be paid out of any Money already raised by virtue of the said recited Act, or out of the first Monies which shall be raised or borrowed upon the Credit of the said recited Act and this Act, in preference to all other Payments whatsoever.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said recited Act (subject to the Alterations, Additions, and Amendments in this Act contained), and this Act, shall continue and be in force and be executed for and during the Residue now to come of the Term granted by the said recited Act, and from the Exphation thereof for and during the further Term of Twenty, one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament,

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew StrahaN, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. j 803,

Cap. 48.

An Act for continuing the Term and Power* of several Acts of His late and present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Dapdon Wharf near Guldeford, through Guldeford to Aifold Bars in the County of Surrey. [ r 2th May 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign

of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act 3oG.i. c.<5». for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke next Guldeford, through Guldeford to Andrew’s Cross, and to Alford Bars in the County of Surrey; and from, thence to Saint Mary’s Gate in Arundel in the County of Sussex: And whereas by the said Act the said Road was divided into Two Districts, and such Part thereof as leads from the North End of the Timber Wharf called Dapdon Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke next Guldeford, through the Borough of Guldeford, and the Towns of Shalford and Brantley to Alford Bars, in that Part of the Parish of Alford which lies in the County of Surrey, and the Road leading out of the said Road through a Lane called Painshill Lane, from Smithbrooke to Andrew’s Cross in the said County of Surrey, was called the First District of the said Road; and such other Part thereof as leads from Alford Bars aforesaid through Loxwood, New Pound Common in the Parish of JViJborough Green, over Ngw Bridge through Hadfolds Hern, Pulborough, Hardham, Coldwaltham, and Bury, to Saint Mary's f I.oc. ft? Perl) 1 x D Gate

934-

1SG.3.

C. I 10.

39G.3-C. 34.

Tor appointing new

Tmilcej.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Gate in the Borough of Arundel in the County of Sussex, was called the Second District of the said Road: And whereas another Act was passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reignof His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act pa (Jed in the Thiri iet b Year of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Second, for repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf in the Parish of Stoke next Guide-ford, through Guldeford to Andrew’s Cross; and to Alfold Bars in the County of Surrey, and from thence to Saint Mary’s Gate in Arundel in the County of Sussex: And whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing for Twenty-one l iars, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, the Terfh, and altering and enlarging the Powers, cf Two Acts passed in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of His late Majesty King George the Second, and the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, so far as the said Acts relate to the repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf, in the Parish of Stoke next Guldeford, through Guldeford to Andrew’s Cross; and to Alfold Bars in the County of Surrey, a.'uhrfrom thence to New Bridge in the County of Stifle*: And. whereas the Trust&es'appointed in or by virtue of the said recited Acts for the repairing and widening the Road from the North End of Dapdon Wharf in the Parish of Stole next Guldeford through Guldeford to Andrew’s Cross, and to Alfold Bars in the County of Surrey, which is called the First Diitricl; of the said Road, have made great Progress in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls autiiorized to be taken on the said First Diitricl of Road, which Money ilill remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Atts, so far as relate to the said First District, be continued, amended, and enlarged, and the present Tolls increased; May it therefore please Your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament alfem-bktf, and By the Authority of the same, That the said recited Acts, anil the several Clauses, Powers, Authorities, Provisoes, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters and Things therein contained, and which are now in force (except Inch Parts thereof as relate to Exemption from Stamp Duties, and also such as are hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and remain in full Force and EiFeft, and be executed for and during the 'Perm herein-after mentioned, so far as relates to the said First District, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if the fame were repeated and reenacted in this Act, but subjea nevertheless to the Amendments, Alterations, and Additions herein contained; and that this Act shall commence and take Effect upon the parting thereof; and the Term and Powers hereby granted shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing on the Credit of the" laid recited Acts, so far as relates to the said First District of the said Road, and of such other Sums of Money as shall be borrowed upon the Credit thereof and of this Act, and all Inrereft due and to become due thereon respectively within the said First District.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Kpights of the Shire and Members for the Boroughs within the County oh , Surrey for the Time being, John Arnold, the younger, Henry Edmund Aujlc'n, Charles Booker, the

younger,

49° G.E OR G11 III. Cap. 48. 955,

younger, John Hunt Butcher, James Butcher, Robert Coo’ie, the younger,

William Hodgson Cole, Clerk, William Elkins, Richard, Eager, the younger,

V- Jliam Eager, Edward Eager, John French, Thomas Gibjhi, George John,

Gibson, JoJ'eph Haydon, Rickard Heringlon, James More Aiolyneux, John,

NenIds, the younger, William. Newman, George Holme Sumner, George Jfames Shrubi, George Small pace. Job Smallpeice, John Small price, Era nets tihurray the younger, William Sparhcs, John Street, the younger, William Street, Jolm Sparhcs oiWoncrJh, Samuel Thornton, and JeJfe. B dller (being duly qualified according to the Directions of the saidfirft recited Act), shall be added to and.joined with the surviving and remaining Trusteesnouiinated, in or elected by virtue of the said recited Acts for putting the fame and this Act into Execution within the said First Difhift of the said Hoad; and the Trustees hereby appointed, and their Successors respectively, shall have the like Power and Authority for putting the said recited Acts and this Act into Execution within such District, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if they had been appointed Trustees in or by virtue of the said recited Acts.

III. And whereas the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts have been Fordifcon found insufficient effectually to maintain and repair the said First District of tlnu'n£ Road, and pay the Interest of ihe Money borrowed of the Credit of the said !^je"4nt,n I Tolls, be it therefore further enacted, That the several 'Foils now payable by new onCi, virtue of the said recited Acts upon the said DistriCl of Road shall cease, determine, and be no longer payable, and that inltcad thereof the following Tolls shall be demanded and taken; that is to say,

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Afs, d.rawi: g any Coach,

J.andau, Berlin, Phaeton, Chariot, Chaile, Calash, Idcarfe, Caravan, Gig,

Chair, Taxed Cart, or such like Carriage, the Sum of Sixpence:

Far every Ilorfe, or pair of Oxen, or other bead drawing any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, the Fellies of the Wheels whereof arc of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, or pair of Oxen, or other Beall drawing any Waggon,

Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, the Fellies of the Wheels whereof are of less Breadth than Six Inches# between the Tenth Day of April exclusive, and the Tenth Day of October inclusive, the Sum of Sixpence, and between the Tenth Day of October exclusive, and the Tenth Day of April inclusive, the Sum of Seven-pence Halfpenny:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule or Als, laden or unladen, and not drawing, the Sum of Two pence:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows or Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score, and so in Proportion for any less Number:

And for every Drove of Hogs or Pigs, Calves, Sheep or Lambs, the Sum of Five-pence per Score, and lo in Proportion for any less Number,

And that Double the said respective Tolls shall be demanded and taken Double Tolls for all Horses, Cattle, Beasts, and Carriages, upon every Sunday in the on Sunday. Year, to be reckoned from Twelve of the Clock in every Saturday Night to Twelve of the Clock in the next succeeding Sunday Night; which laid Tolls shall be and the same are hereby vested in the Trullees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act within the said First District, and the lame shall and may be demanded, levied, recovered, applied, and disposed of in the same Manner, and to and for the same Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as in and by the said recited Acts are mentioned and declared with respect to the Tolls thereby granted.

936

Exemption from T oil.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Ox, or other Bead or Cattle drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning front carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber,' Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Road, or any'of the Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of fticli Roads do lie; or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Outhouses or on the Lands of the Owners or Occupiers thereof; or for any Horse or Cattle, Waggon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage employed in conveying or carrying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Plough, Harrow, or Implement of Husbandry, or any Mould, Dung, Comport:, or Manure employed in Ilufbandry for manuring or improving Land (Chalk and Lime excepted); or for any other Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands in any of the Townships or Parishes through which the said Road palTes, between the last Day of April and the Fird Day of November in each and every Year; or for any Horses or ■Cattle going to or returning from Padureor Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being llioed or farried; or from any Person going to or returning from his proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of Worship tolerated by Law, on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the Parishes through which the Lid Road palfes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visitirg any Tick Person, or upon other his Parochial or Miniderial Duty'on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mail of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Podmader General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses, or other Cattle drawing the same, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack or Commissariat, or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces; or for any Horses, Carts, or Waggons employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Pafles; or for any Ilorfe, Cattle, or Bead drawing any Coach, Landau, Berlin, Chariot, Calash, Chair, or Passenger on Horseback, going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Surrey, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; or for any Horse, Mare, or Golding, furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place of Exercise, provided such Persons are in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutiements according to the Regula'ions provided for such Corps respectively, at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or colludve Manner whatsoever

937

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 4.8.

ever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence, any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, one Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act.

V. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning, or driving, or causing to be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to'any Penalty or Forfeiture for overweight, nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, be (topped or detained by reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn byjany Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise touching or in anywise relating to the said Tolls or any of them, or to the Recovery of any of the Penalties by the said recited Acts or this Act to be laid, or in the Execution of any of the Powers of the said recited Acts or this Act, within the said First District, the Person or Persons appointed to collect such Tolls, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Difpuce, Suit, or Litigation, on account of their being so appointed.

VII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said recited Acts particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accomptant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way by the Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Parts thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (landing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall not be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted under the like Direction and Approbation of the

[Lee. fs? Per.'] , n E said

Carriages conveying Military Stores, not to be subject to Penalties for Overweight, Ice.

Collectors of

Tolls competent Witnesses.

Application of Compensation Money when amounting to 200I.

93«

Application when Jt,he Compensation Money is less than aoo 1. and not less than zo 1.

Application where the Money is less than 201.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

said Court, in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditament;, which shall be conveyed and settled to, for, and upon such and the like Lifts, Trulls, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, flood settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time.of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be exiiling, undetermined, and capable of taking F.fTed; and in the mean Time, and until such-Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accomptant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities $ and in the mean Time, and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by-the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by the said recited Acts or this Act directed to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of'lwenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands. Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case ot Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank, in the Name and with the Privity of the said Aecoinprant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid at the like Option to Two 1 rultees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Acts and this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties.), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so far as the Case be applicable, without obtaining, or being required to obtain, the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

IX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Cases, the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Five or more of them shall think fit; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 48. 939

X. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to In case of not whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of out

any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, shall reful'e to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfaction of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid cannot be found, or if the Per- ^j'rc'ia (eQ be son or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or 'Hereditaments, be i,lt0 t|,e not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may Bank: be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Money so awarded as aforesaid to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accomptant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Subject Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, [describing themJ, subject to the Order, Controul, Chancery and Uifposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chan- , Motion or eery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Petition. Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be, and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding or other-wile, as to the fame Court shall feerrt meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to' the respective Estate or Estates, Title or Interest, of the Person or Persons making claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cartier or Cartiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for whose Use the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid. ,

Xt. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Respefkinj Question shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Ac- ' comptant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or 'Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts of this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interest of any such Bank Annuities; the Person or Persons who shall have been in Pofteflion of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, according to such Possession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interest of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly; unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession 'was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

9A°

The Court may order reasonable Expences of Purchase* to be paid by the Truf-tec§.

Person* chargeable to StatuteWork to continue

so.

Justices to de.

termine Dif.

ferencet

touching

Statute

Work.

49° GEORGII ' III. Cap. 4.8.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be settled to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the F.xpences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them; who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road or any Part thereof, shall dill remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said County of Surry, and they are hereby empowered and required, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order, yearly to adjudge and determine what Part or Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the saki Road by the Inhabitants of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Road lies; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Place, to bring in Lids before such Justices, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Ten Days after the serving of such Summons) of the Names of the several Persons who within such Parish or Place are by Law subject and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid; which Lids of Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the public Highways; and out of such Lids the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons, who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay-time or Harved) and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lids shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said

Justices

94i

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such 1 inie or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Didrefs and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Acts authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their lad or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Bead or Beads to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liablejto such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures as such Person or Persons may be fuhjed or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid, and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said Fird Didrid of Road; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lids as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lids, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of and in all or any the Parishes or Places in which the said Road is situate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the whole or of any Part of the Statute or other Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Road; which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, in advance, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Parish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all the Cods, Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and, passing of this Act, shall be paid out of the Money already collected or received, or out of the fird Money to be collected or received upon the said Fird Didrift of Road, by virtue of the said recited Acts and this Act.

[Lee. fcf iVr.] u F

Trustets may compound for Statute Work.

Paying the Expences of the Act.

‘/-r2

[Public Act.]

Term and

Continuance of this Act.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 48.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice of as such by all Judges, Justicts, and others without being specially pleaded.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said recited Acts, so far as relates to the said First Di ft rift of Road, shall on the First Monday next after the passing of this Act cease and determine, and the said recited Acts (subject to the Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein-before contained) and this Act, shall from thenceforth commence, continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty, 1809.

ANNO QUADRAGESLMO NONO

GEORGE

REGIS.

♦•Mi

Cap. 49.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of Two Acts of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Hand Cross to Henfield, and from Beeding to Horsham, in the County of Bujfex.

[12th May 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was pilled in the Eleventh Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for repairing and itG.j. c.njt widening the Roads from Hand JCrofs to Corner House, and from thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Horlham to Steyning, and from Corner H use aforesaid to the May Pole in the Town of Henfield, in the County fl/’Sussex: And whereas another Act was passed in the Thirty-second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for jiG.j.e.nj. enlarging the Term and altering the Powers of an Act made in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing arid widening the Roads from Hand Cross to Corner House, and Jrom thence to the Turnpike Road leading from Horlham to Steyning, and from Corner House aforesaid to the May Pole in the Town of Henlield, in the County of Sussex; and also for keeping in Repair a certain Branch of Road leading from the Direction Post near a certain Place called the Crab Tree, in the Parish of Beeding ether wife Seal, through the Parishes of Nuthurst and Horlham to the Town e/TIorlhatn, in the said County: And whereas the Trustees acting in the Execution of the said Acts have made great Progress in the Repair of the said Roads, and for that Purpose have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls ther.by granted, which dill remains due and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads kept in proper Repair,

[ hoc. y Per.J 11 G unless '

946

490 GIl.ORG 11 III. Cap. 49*

ctnless the Term granted by the said Acts is continued, the Toll; inereased* and the Powets and Provisions thereof altered, enlarged, and rendered more effectual; May it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Former Acts of the fame, That the said recited Acts, and all the Clnufes, Powers, continued. Authorities Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Matters, and Things therein contained (except such Parts thereof as relate to Exemptions from Stamp Duties, and also such as hereby varied, altered, or repealed), shall be and remain in full force and effect, and together with this present Act shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-alter mentioned, as fully and effectually in all Respects and to all Intents and Purposes as if the said Acts, anci the Clauses, Powers, and Provisions therein respectively contained, were expressed, repeated, and re-enacted in this present Act, but subject nevertheless to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained; and that this Act shall commence and take Effedi upon the passing thereof, and the Term and Powers hereby granted shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Sums of Money now due and owing, or which shall or may hereafter be borrowed and become due, on the Credit of the said recited Acts and of this present Act, or any of them, and all Interest due and to become due thereon respectively.

■New Trustees

II. And be it further enacted, That from and after the passing of this appointed, Act, Sir Charles Merrik Burrell Walter Burrell, John Borrer, John Hamlin Borrer, Edward Borrer, Cecil Bisjhopp, John Beckett, John Batting, John William Commerell, William Henry Commcrell, Henry Chatfield Clerk, William Charman junior, IJfaac Glutton, Edward Carter, John Ch.tfield, William Henry D'gby, Peter Du Cane junior, John Ellis, James Ellis Clerk, Thomas Fuller, Robert Faulconer, Charles Grome, Thomas Groome, Richard Gates, Robert Henry Hurst, John Hurst, John Hughes, Nathaniel Hall, Nathaniel Hall junior, J hn Heath, John Hughes, John Knowles, Kr.owlys, Johii Lanham, John Slade Lank cun,

Matcham, William Margeffon, George Marshall Clerk, George Marshall junior, Charles Mar chant, John Mar chant, John Morris, Thomas Muzzell, James Newctnbe Clerk, Redior of Edburton, John Neurtand, James Tuder Nclthorp-, John Lewis Newnham, John Penfold Clerk, Richard Tenfold, Barre Phipps Clerk, John Pringle, Gillery Piggott, John Rice, John Rideout Clerk, Bvsjhe Shelley, Thomas Steele, Edward Steele, William Smith Clerk, William Scrace, Lawrence Dennett Smith, Warden Serjijon, William Stanford, William Stanford of Eatons, Richard Thornton, James Thornton, Henry Trader oft, Robert Tredcroft, James Vincent, Richard Vincent, John Wood of Keymer, William Woodwind Clerk, and their Successors (being qualified in th - Manner directed by the said first recited A fit), shall be added to and joined with the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Acts, for putting the fame and this Act into Execution, as fully and cffodtually to all Intents and Purposes as if they had been appointed Tmftees in or by virtue of the said recited Acts.

Tor rlirconti-

III. And whereas the Tolls granted by the said recited Acts have been "refent^ois 6* inefficient for amending and keeping the said Roads in good and granting Repair, anu for executing the several other Purposes of the said Acts; be

new ones.

947

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 49;

it therefore further enacted, That from and after the passing of this Act, the Toils payable in and by the said recited Acts shall ceale, determine, and be no longer paid; and that in lieu thereof the following Toils shall be demanded anJ taken before any Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, Afs,

Bead, or other Cattle, Coach, Waggon, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, be permitted to pass through any Turnpike or Toll Gate, Side Bar or Side Gate erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, upon or acr;Ts the said Roads, or upon or across any Lane or Way leading unto the lame; (that is to say),

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, drawing any Ceach, Chariot, Landau, Berlin, Hearse, Coach, or Calaih, or any fuels like Carriage drawn on Four Wheels, the Sum of Sixpence:

For evtry Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, or Pair of Oxen, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage of the like nature, the Fellies of the Wheels being of the Breadth of Six Inches or upwards, and rolling on a flat Surface, the Sum of Four-pence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelciing, Mule, or other Bead, or Pair of Oxen, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage of the like nature, the Fellies of the Wheels being of less Breadth than Six Inches, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, or Pair of Oxen, drawing any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage of the like nature, (being for Hire), the above mentioned Tolls, and One-half in Addition:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, drawing a Chaise, commonly called a Single-Horse Chaise, Tax Cart, or other Cart, the Sum of Sixpence, and being for Hire, the Sum of Sixpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or other Bead, laden or unladen and not drawing, the Sum of Two-pence, and for every Afs the Sum of One Penny:

For every Drove of Oxen, Cows, or other Neat Cattle, the Sum of Ten-pence per Score; and so in Proport'on for any less Number:

For every Drove of Calves, Sheep, Lambs, H >gs, or Swine, the Sum of Five-pence per Score; and so in Proportion for any less Number:

And that double the said resptdive Tolls shall be demanded and taken Double on every Sunday during the Continuance of this Act; which said respect Tolls on t ve Tolls or Duties shall be and are hereby dechred to be veded in the Su" dy" Trustee appointed or to be appointed for the Purposes of the said recited Acts or this present Act; and that it shall and may be lawful for the said T udees to demand and take, or cause to be demanded and taken, the said Tolls at the respective Gates erected or to be erected across or near the Lid Road; and they the said Trullees, or such Person or Persons as they (had authorize and appoint for that Purpose, shall have such and the fame Powers, Authorities, and Remedies for coileding, demanding, recovering, levying, a Signing, transferring, leafing, reducing, advancing, and compounding for the Tolls and Duties hereby granted or made payable as are in and by the said recited Acts, or either of them, given or expressfed with respect to the Tolls thereby granted or made payable, so that such Advancement of the said Tolls, or any of them, after the said Tolls or any of them shall have been reduced, do not exceed the Tolls hereby gra ted; but Fourteen Days Notice thereof at lead shall be given upon all the Toll Gates or Turnpikes which shall be then Handing upog

.8 the

9*8 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

the said Road previous to any such Alterations in the said Tolls; and that the said Tolls and Duties hereby granted and made payable shall be paid, applied, anddTposed of to and for such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, a< are in the said recited Acts and this Act directed and appointed in that Behalf.

Tolls taken at

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That all sottlTbemi* and every of the said Tolls and Duties being paid at any one of the said Exemption at Gates or Turnpikes erected, or to be erected, by virtue of the said Acts other Gates. either of them, or this Act, on any Part of the said Roads by the said Acts directed to be repaired between Hand Cross and the Village of Cow-fold, or the Town of Horsham and the said Village of Cowfold, final 1 not be looked upon or deemed to be an Exemption from the Payment of like Tolls and Duties at any other of the said Gates or Turnpikes, erected or to be erected, between the said Village of Cowfold and the Town of Henfield; but that the fame Toils shall be paid Twice between Hand Cross and the Town of Henfield, and between the said Town of Horsham and Henfield, (that is to say), once between Hand Cross and Cowfold and Horsham and Cowfold, and once between Cowfold and Henfield-, any Thing in the said recited Acts or either of them, or in this Act contained, to the contrary thereof notwithstandine.

I’erfcms to "V. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no more than

pais and re- Two Tolls in the whole shall be demanded or taken from any Person for Paymem o" once passing and repalling the same Day, ro be computed from Twelve of the io.n. the Clock in one Night to Twelve of the Clock in the succeeding Night, with the fame Horses, Cattle, Bealls, and Carriages, through all the said Toll Gates or Turnpikes, erected or to be erected, by virtue of the said recited Acts and of this Act, or either of them, between Hand Cross and Henfield, and Horsham and Henfield aforesaid •, but that all and every Person and Perfor.s having paid the said Two Tolls in the whole, and producing a Note or Ticket, Notes or Tickets denoting the Payment of such Tolls (which Notes or Tickers the Colltdors of the Tolls are hereby required to give gratis on Receipt of the Toll), shall once pass and repass the same Day with the fame Horses, Cattle, Bealts, or Carnages, then and in that Cafe such Person or Persons shall again be liable to pay the said Toll, and so toties quoties for every Third Time the said Person or Persons shall pass the same Day through the fame Gate or Turnpike, on the said Road with the fame Horses, Cattle, Bealls, or Carriages as aforesaid.

por r^p-fiing

VI. And whereas by the said lall recited Act it is enacted and declared, a CUufe in That for all and every Carriage or Carriages laden with Chalk or Timber, a6( reeriins or B >ards passing through any Gate or Gates, Turnpike or Turn-

riouK Toili" pikes then or thereafter to be erected by virtue of the said recited Act«, Carriages)anJ between the Flrll Day of November and the First Day of March in every for I Year during the Continuance of the said Acts, should pay Double the Tolls thereby imposed on such Carriage or Carriages respectively: And whereas such Fart of the said lati recited Act imposing the lame Toll on Carts as on Waggons has been found inconvenient and prejudicial to the Public; be ic therefore enacted, i hat so much of the said lall recited Act shall be and the fame is hereby repealed, and that from and after the Commencement of this Act, all and evety Carriage and Carriages whatsoever, laden with Chalk, Timber, Timber in Boards, Plank, or Scantling*

other Toll* in J.tu thereof.

49’ GEORGII III. Cap. 49. 949

ling. Guns or other Iron, Mine Ore, Hay or Straw for Sale, Bricks,

Tiles, Sand, Stone, Flints, Marl, Chalk Marl, Coals, Firewood, Faggots,

Hop-poles, Hoops, or Whattles passing through any of the Gates or Turnpikes now erected, or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Att, between the First Day of November and the First Day of March, lhz.ll pay Double the Tolls and Duties hereby granted at each Gate or Turnpike through which such Carriage or Carriages (o laden Oral! pais, any Thing in the said recited Acts or either of them, or this Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And, in order to prevent the Misconduct of the Persons employed To prevent as Collectors of the said Tolls; be it further enacted, That every Person employed to collect any of the Tolls hereby granted and made payable of XalU shall affix his or her Chridian and Surname on a Board on fotne conspi-

cuous Pan of the Toll House at which he or ffie shall be appointed to celled the said 'I'olls, on each and every Day that he or ffie shall continue in such Collection, under the Penalty of any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings for every Day’s Neglect thereof; and if any such Collector of the said Tolls shall wilfully misbehave himself or herself as such, or flu'l make use of any opprobrious or improper Language to any Pet Ion or Persons passing through any of the Turnpikes aiready erected, or hereafter to be erected, by virtue of the said recited Acts or either of them, or this Act, and shall be thereof convicted on his or her own Confession, or on the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the said County of Sussex, he or ffie shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay any Sum not exceeding Five Foun ts, and in Default of Payment thereof shall be committed to the Common Gaol or House of Correction for any Time not exceeding One Month.

’•*. '•< c . 1 , ■; v

VIII. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or Exemptions taken for any Horse, Cattle, Bead, or Carriage employed in carrying or from Toll. { conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day, any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Wood, Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the said Roads in the Townships or Parishes in which any Part of the said Roads lie, or Hay, Straw, or Corn in the Straw only, not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses, or on the Lands of the Owners, for the Purpose of thraffiing out such Corn or of feeding out such Hay or Straw; or for any Hcrfe, Cattle, or Bead employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning empty from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements of Husbandry, Corn for feeding the Ground, or any Dung,

Comp d, or Manure employed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any othe r Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands (Chalk, Chalk Marl, Mould, and Lime excepted), lying vithin the Townships or Parishes in which such Roads lie, nor lor any Horses or Cattle going to or returning from Padure or Watering Places, or going to be, or returning from being ffioed or tarried; or Iron; any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church,

Chapel, or other Place of Religious Worship authorized by Law on a Sunday, or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Periou that [Lee. & Per.] 1t H shall

950

Carriages conveying Military Stores not to be fnb e«it to J’enalt'e* for Over weight,

AS'

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

shall die and be burird in any of the said Townships or Parishes; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person; or going to or returning from his Parocnial or Ministerial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Expresses under the Authority of His Majesty's Postmaller General, either when employed in conveying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Ex* presses, or in returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, or drawing any Carriage attending them with their Arms or Baggage; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or Horses, or other Cattle drawing the fame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack or Commissariat or other public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, or for any Horse, Cart, Cattle, or Bead employed in the Conveyance of Vagrants lent by legal Pafles, or returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead carrying or conveying any Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the County of Sussex. and Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of New/horebam, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or Day after such Election shall begin or be concluded; and that no Tolls shall be demanded or taken for any Hotfe, Mare, or Gelding furnished by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning f om the Place appointed for or on the Days of Exercise, provided that such Persons shall be dressed in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Arms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps Tefpectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the fame, every such Person shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied for the Purposes of this Act.

IX. And be it further enacted, That no Person owning or driving or causing to be driven any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or convey ing any Oidnance, Barrack, or Commissariar, or other publick Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Overweight; nor shall any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage be flopped or detained, by Reason of any Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, or of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but it shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage; any Thing in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

X. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the said recited Acts and this Act for the Purposes thereof, which shall belong to any Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatick, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, as in the said first recited Act particularly mentioned, such Money shall, in case the same shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privily of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex.parte the Trustees for executing the said Acts and this Act, to the Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and with the Approbation of the said Court, to be signified by an Older made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by the Person or Persons whp, would have been entitled to the Rents and Profi.s of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the Purchase of the Land Tax, or towards the Discharge of any Debt or Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Part thereof as the said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments Handing settled therewith to the fame or the like Uses, Trulls, Intents, or Purposes; or where such Money shall npt be so applied, then the same shall be laid out and inverted, under the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of o.her Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be conveyed and Lttled to, for, and upon such and the like Uses, Trusts, Intents, and Purposes, and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as aforesaid, ItooJ settled or limited, or such of them as at the Time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be exirting, undetermined, and capable of taking Effect; and in the mean Time and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chancery upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General in his Name in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time and until the said Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purposes aforesaid, the Dividends and Annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bank Annuities shall from Time to Time be paid, by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time be ng have been entitled tu the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by the said recited Acts or this Act directed to be purthaled, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be less than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds; then and in all such Cales the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so purchased, taken, or used, or of his, htr, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, in case

of

951

Application of Cornpen-fation Money when amounting to 2001.

Application when Corn-pen fation Money is less than loot, and amounts] to to 1.

95® 49° GGEORGII III. Cap. 49*

■of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their refyefVive Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed t) his Account as aforesaid, in order to be applied in Manner herein-before directed; or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, to I wo Trullees to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Seven or mo-re of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act, (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing under the Hands of the nominating and approving Parties'), in order that such Principal Money and the Dividends arising thereon may be applied in any Manner herein-before directed, so tar as the Case be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the Court of Chancery.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where such Money so agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Cases the same shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used for the Purports of the said Acts and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them shall think fit; and in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Committees, to and for the Use and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

in case «f not

XIII. And be it further enacted, That in case the Person or Persons to liticjS°Ut whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased by virtue of the said recited Actfs or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises to the Satisladlion of the said Trustees; or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments be not known or distovered; then and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, 10 order the said Sum or Sums of Money, so awarded as aforesaid, to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands, Tenements, or Herditaments [describing thenQ, iubjefb to the Order, Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any, Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered in a luminary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the said Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Publick Funds, and to order Dil-tribution thereof, or Payment, of the Dividends thereof according 10 the respective Erta’e or Estates, Til e or Interests of the Person or Persons ma<ing Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall leem jurt and reasonable$ and the Cashier or Cdhiers of the Lack ot England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Mo. ey, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying for what and for

t whole

Application ‘where Money is Ids than Sol*

9 53

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

whose U.fe the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where any Respeciinj Quefbon shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accounant General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividends or Interests of any such Bank Annuities; the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons, shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully en i led to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to such Poilession, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Interests of the Bank Annuities to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities, shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court that such Possession was a wrongful Possession, and that some other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to some Estate or Interest therein.

XV. Provided also, and be it further enacted, 'I hat where, by reason of The Court any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation may order entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased Expences of under the Authority of the said recited Acts or this-Ad, the Purchase Purchase to Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the Court of Chan- xrmiee*5^ eery, and to be applied in the Purchasfe of other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be sett'ed to the like Uses in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of alf Purchases from Time to Time tc> be made in pursuance of the said recited Acts or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reasonable, toge her with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees or any Seven or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Persons Persons who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be cl’;irseaW';to chngeable towards repairing and amending the said Roads, or any Part tocontiim-°U thereof, shall still remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and

it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more justices of the Justia’s to Peace for the said County of Sussex, and they are hereby empowered and nfk-.Tnces r< quiied, upon Application made to them by the said Trustees, or by tollchl s sta-th-ir Clerk or Surveyor, by their Order yearly to adjudge and determine tuW work' what Part or Proportion of the Statute \Vork shall every Year be done upon the said Roads by the Inhabitant of the respective Parishes or Places in which the said Roads lie; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such s ,j\L<,e.VPer.] ill Parish

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

Parish or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Woik as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them, paid to the said Trustees or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices, from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for every such Parish or Piace, to bring; in Lifts before such jult ces, at some Place to be expressed in such Summons (within Five Days after the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Perioivs who, within such Parish or Place, are by Law iupjecfc and liable to do Statute Work for that Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts, or otherwise, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be ptid; which Lifts of Names shall be made in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions as is, are, or may be directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the public Highways; and out of such Lilts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and so many of the Persons who shall appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days Statute Work in every Year upon the said Roads as the said Justices shall think reasonable; and the same shall be done on such Days, and at such Times (not being Haytime or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Roads as the said Trustees, or their Surveyor or Surveyors, shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper, to the said Trustees or their Treasurer, at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct; and in Default of Payment thereof, the same shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Afis authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or rtfufe to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Wricing given to or left for him, her, or them, at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose, by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, h. r, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Beasts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subject and liable to such Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repair of the publick Highways; and if any Person who shall come to work as a Labourer, or shall be lent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road, shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby cm. powered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or neg'igent as aforesaid; and in that Cafe every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had ntgl fled or refused to come, or such Team or Draught had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Roads; all which Forfeitures shall be pa’d to the 1 reasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards the amending the said Roads; and in case the said Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Parishes or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lifts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully

7 r giv«

955

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 49.

give in false or impelfedl Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending, shall for every such Offence forfeit anu pay any Sum not exceeding Foity Suilhngs.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Persons. Bodies Politick or Corporate, for the Statute Work to be by them done on the said Roads, or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Parishes or Places in which the said Roads are situate, for a certain Sum of Money by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or of any Part of the Statute or oth;r Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers done on the said Roads; which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways, or other Officer of the Parish, or by the Person or Persons so compounding, to the Treasurer to the said Trustees in Advance, on or before the First Day of October in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Farish or Place shall not be permitted to compound for that Year.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That the Costs, Charges, and Expences incident to and attending the procuring and obtaining this Act, together with lawful Interest from the Time of advancing the fame till the Time of Payment, shall be paid and satisfied by the said Trustees; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Seven or more of them, and they are hereby directed and required to order and direct the Payment of the said Charges and Expences, with Interest as aforesaid, out of the First Monies that shall be collected, borrowed, or received, by virtue of the said recited Acts or this Act, in preference to all other Payments and Disbursements whatsoever.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to b; a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken Notice ot as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the Term granted by the said recited Acts shall, on the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and the said recited Acts (subject to the Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein-before contained) and this Act shall from thenceforth commence, continue, and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan, Primers to the King's most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

-it

Trustees may compound for Statute Work.

For Payment of E<pencei of the Act.

Publick Act.

Term and ( ontmnance of the Act.

ANNO QUADRAGESIMO NONO

GEORGII III. REGIS.

Cap. 50.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of His present Majesty, for amending the Road from Teddington to the Turnpike Road between Evejhatn and Perjhore, in the County of Worcester; and for making a new Piece of Road to communicate therewith, in the County of Gloucester.

\\2XEMay 1809.]

WHEREAS an Act was passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the ,9g.3. c.m. Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from the Crois Hands in Teddington Field, in the Pari ft of Overbury, in the County of Worcester, to the London Turnpike Road between Evelham and Perlhore, in the said County: And whereas the Trustees appointed by or in pursuance of the said recited Act have made great Prog refs in the Repair of the said Road, and several considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed and now remain due and owing upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected, which Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Road effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, the Tolls increased, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: A< d whereas the Road from the said Croft Hands in Teddington Field to the Ttwk fbury Turnpike Road, at or near Oxenuon Elm, and from the Turn of the said Tewkejlury Turnpike Road at or near the Hamlet of Gctherington, to the Road leading from the Town of Cheltenham to the Town of Wnchiomb, at or near the Village of Southern in the County of Gloucester, is very much out of Repair, and Incommodious, and cannot be [Loc. if Per.'] 11 K effectually

958 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

effectually aniend'-d, widened, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law; and it would be a great Accommodation to the Neighbourhood and of public Utility if the fame was to be repaired, and put under the Care and Management of the Trustees of the aforesaid Turnpike Road; but as lie fame cannot be done without the Authority of Parliament, may it therefore please Your Majesty that it may be enacted, and be it enacted by the King’s most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Common', in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. Farmer Ait That the Laid recited Act, and the several Clauses, Powers, Provisions, o*h*W Road* Matters, an(^ Things therein contained^rxcept such as are by this Act under varied, altered, or repealed, and ail'o lurh as relate to Exemption from

this Act. Stamp Dutic;), shall be and remain in fuli Force and Effect, and together

with this prclent Act shall be put in Execution for and during the Term herein-after mentioned, as fully and effectually in all Respects and to all Intents and Purposes as if the Laid Act, and the Clauses, Powers and Provisions therein contained, were expressly repeated and re-enacted in this present Act, and as if the said new Piece of Road had been Part of the Road included in the said recited Act; but subject nevertheless to the Alterations and Amendments herein contained, and which shall commence and take F.ffeft upon the passing of this Act; and that this Act, and the Term and Powers hereby granted shall be and are hereby declared to be subject and liable to the Payment of all Monies now due and owing, or which may hereafter become due and owing, on the Credit of the said recited Act, and of this present Act, or other of them, and all Interest due and to become due for the fame respectively.

Empowering

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and makethenew ^ur t^lc fa'd Trustees, or any Five or more of them, or for such Persons as Piece of Road, they or any Five or more of them shall employ for that Purpose, and they are hereby fully authorized and empowered to enter into and upon the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Persons in or through which the said new Piece of Road is intended to pass, to let out. form, make, and complete the same, from the said Cross Hand} in Tedding!on Field, in the Parish of Overbury aforesaid, to the said Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Cheltenham to the Town of Winch comb, at or near the Village of South am aforesaid and to cut and make such Drain?, Gutters, and Tunnels for draining the Lands adjoining or near such Road as shall be by them thought necessary or proper for draining the Water from such Road, according ro the true Intent and Meaning of the Act; doing as little Damage as may be in the Execution of the Powers to them hereby granted, and making reasonable Satisfaction to the Owners or Proprietors of and all Persons interested in such Lands, for all Damages which shall be sustained by executing the Powers and Authorities hereby given; and in c ife any Difference concerning the same shall arile between the said Trustees and such Owners or Proprietors, and Persons intcrdted as aforesaid, that then the lame shall be ascertained and settled by a Jury, in such Manner as is d rested by the said recited Act with respect to the Valuation of Land intended to be made Part of the Road therein described: Provided always, that nothing herein contained shall authorize or empower the said Trustees, or any Person or Persons acting by or under their Authority, to take, use, injure, or damage, for the Purpose of the said Road, or any of the Purposes aforesaid, any House or Building, or any Land or Ground

let

959

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

set apart or used as a Garden, Orchard, Pa k, or planted Avenue to a House, without the Content of the Owner or Owners thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That fronn and immediately after the First Monday next after the passing of this Act, all Meetings of the said Trustees shall be holden at the Town Hall, in the Borough of Evefiam, in the County of WorceJlsr, or at some other convenient Place wihin the said Borough, and not elsewhere; and that at all such Meetings any Mort-gagee, or any Assignee of any Mortgagee, or other Security, or any Iv-nder of Money upon the Credit of any of the Tolls granted by this Act, or receiving Interest thereout for the fame, shall nut, on that Account, be deemed unqualified or defeated from acting as a Trustee in the Execution of this Act, any Thing in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if at any Meeting there shall not appear a sufficient Number of Trustees to act and to adjourn to another Day, or in Case the Trustees at any Time assembled shall net adjourn themselves, then and in every such Case the Clerk to the said Trustees shall, by Notice in Writing, to be affixed on all the Turnpikes then erected cn the said Road at least Ten Days before the next proposed Meeting, appoint the Trustees to meet at the Place where their last Meeting was appointed to have been held on that Day Month next after the Day for which such last Meeting was appointed; and the Trustees shall at their several Meetings defray their own Expences; and all Orders and Determinations of the Trustees in the Execution of this and the said recited Acts shall be made at the Meetings to be held in pursuance thereof, and not otherwise (except in Cafes hereby particularly provided for); and that no Order or Determination shall be made unless the major Parc of the Trustees present shall concur therein; and that all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings, wh ch are directed to be done, made, or had, by or before the said respective Trustees, shall and may be done, made, or had, by or before any Five or more of them, except where any other Number is herein named: and all Acts, Orders, and Proceedings done, made, or had by or before such Five Trustees, shall have the fame Force and Effect as if the fame were done, made, or had, by or before the whole Number of Trustees; and that all such Trustees as are Justices of the Peace, may act as Justices in the Execution of this Act, notwithstanding their being Trustees, except only in such Cases where they shall be personally interested; and in all Cafes where the Trustees or any Justice or Justices of the Peace are authorized to examine any Person or Persons on Oath, it shal] be lawful for such Trustees or Justice or Justices to administer such Oath; and that no Order made by I-ive or more Trustees shall be revoked or altered, unless Nine Trustees shall be present, and the major Part of them concur therein at a Meeting to be held for that Purpose, of which intended Revocation or Alteration Ten Days Notice at least shall be given at a previous Meeting of the Trustees, and entered in their Book ot Proceedings, and such Notice shall be affixed upon all the Turnpikes on the said Road Ten Days at least before such Meeting, any Thing in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Trustees may sue and be sued in the Name ot their Clerk, and that no Action to be brought or

2 commenced

Meetings of

Trust’es

diietied.

Empowering the Clerk to adjourn.

Trustfes to pay their own Expences-

Trustees being Justices may act as such, and administer Oath.

Trustees may sue and be find

in the Name of tluir Clerk.

9^o 49° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

commenced by or against the said Trustees, or any of them, by virtue of this Art, in the Name of their Clerk, shall aba-e or be discont'nued by the Death or R> moval of loch Clerk, or by the Art of the lad Clerk, without the Consent of the said Trustees, bur that such Clerk shall always be deemed the Plaintiff or Defendant in such Artion, as the Case may be: Provided always, that every such Clerk shall be reirobu fed out of the Monies to be raised on the said Road by virtue of th's Art, all such Costs, Charges, and Expences as he shall be put unto or become chargeable with by reason of his being so made Plaintiff or Defendant as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any Toll-gatherer or Gatekeeper, appointed by the said Trustees, shall be discharged from his Office, or whose Termor Lease shall have expired, shall retufe to deliver up the Possession of- the House, Buildings, and Appurtenances which he enjoyed in Right of his Appointment to that Office, or in Right of his Lease,.within Two Days after Notice of his Discharge, or Expiration of such Lease, shall be given him j or in case of his Death, if the Wife or Family of any such Toll-gatherer or Gate-keeper, who shall die as aforesaid, or any other Person or Persons, being in the Occupation of the said Premises, shall refuse to deliver up the Possession of such House, Buildings, and Appurtenances, within Pour Days after the Decease of such Toll-gatherer or Gate-keeper, then and in either of the said Cafes it shall be lawful for any Justice of the Peace for the Limit where such Turnpike House shall be, on Application being made to him by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, by Warrant under his Hand and Seal, to order any Constable or Peace Officer, with such AlGftance as shall be necessary, to enter such House and Premises in the Day-time, and to remove the Persons who shall be found therein, together with the Goods, cut of such House, and co put any new appointed Officer in Possession thereof.

Plans tore-

VII. And whereas Maps or Plans, describing the Line of the said new clerk of the P‘ece R°a^» anc^ the Land or Ground through which the fame is to Peace. be carried, together with Books of Reference, containing Lifts of the

Names of the Owners and Occupiers of such Lands or Grounds, have been deposited at the Offices of the Clerks of the Peace of the several Counties of Worcester and Gloucester, the Map or Plan of such Part of the said Road as is in the County of Worcester, in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace of such County, and the Map or Plan of such Part of the said Road as is in the County of Gloucester, in the Office of the Clerk of the Peace of the same County; be it therefore enarted. That the said Maps or Plans, and the Books of Reference, shall remain in the Custody of the Clei ks of the Peace in whose several Offices the same are rel'pertively deposited, to the End that all Persons may at any seasonable Times have Liberty to inspect and peruse the fame, and to take Copies or Extrarts thereof at their Will and Pleasure, paying the Clerk of the Peace in whose Office the fame re-spertively are deposited the Sum of One Shilling for every such inspection, and at the Rate of Sixpence for every One hundred Words of such Copies or Extrarts of the said several Maps or Plans and books of R-ference j and that the said Trustees, in making the said several Roads, shall not deviate more than One hundred Yards, of Three Feet each, from the Lines described in the said Map or Plan, without the Consent and Approbation in Writing of the Person or Persons Body Politic, Corporate, or

Collegiate,

Remedy if Toll-j’pthcrers or Gatekeepers relate to deliver up Possession.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 50. 961

Collegiate, through whose Lands or Grounds such Deviation shall be made.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may Trustees may be lawful to and for the said Trjftees to make the said new Piece of Read Road" IhrougU into, through, acrob, or over the Lands and Grounds of any Person or Grounds, al-Persons who is or are or may be Owner or Owners of Land over which ownert’*' the fame is set out and described in the said Map or Plan as aforesaid, al- Names are not though such Lands respectively be mi dated or errontously named, or the

Name or Names of such Person or Persons may happen to be omitted in the said Books of Reference, in case it shall appear toTwoor mcrcjustices of the Peace for either of the said Counties, and be certified determined by Writing under their Hands, that such Errors or Omissions proceeded from Mif-take.

IX. And whereas the Tolls granted by the said recited Act have been found insufficient for amending and keeping the Lid Road in good Repair, and for executing the several other Purposes of the said Act; be it therefore enacted, That from and after the First Day of June next after the psfiing cf this Act, the Tolls payable in and by the said recited Act (Hall cease, determine, and be no longer paid, and that in lieu thereof the following Tolls shall be demanded and taken before any Horles, Beads,

or Carriages shall be permitted to pais through the several and rdpedive Toil-gates, Bars, and Turnpikes already set up and erected, or which may hereafter be set up and erected; (that is to say,)

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or Mule, drawing any Coach, Berlin*

Landau, Chariot, Calalh, Chaise, Chair, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of S:xp nee:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, or other Bead of Draught, drawing any Waggon.Wain, Cart, or other such like Carriage, the Sum of S xpence:

For every Horse, Mare, Gelding, Mule, or Afs, not drawing, the Sum of One Penny Halfpenny:

For every Drove of Oxen or Neat Cattle, the Sum of One Shilling per Score, and so in Proportion fer any less Number:

And for every Drove of Calves, Swine, Sheep, or Lambs, the Sum of Sixpence per Score, and so in Proportion for any less Number.

And that Double the said respective Tolls shall be demanded and taken on every Sunday during the Continuance of this Act; and which said respective Tolls or Duties shall be and are hereby delated to beveded in the Trustees appointed or to be appointed for the Purposes of the said recited Act or this prefect Ad, and shall be demanded and taken in the Name of and as a Toll by such Person or Persons as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them shall from Time to Time appoint for that Purpose; and shall and may be levied, recovered, applied, and disposed of in such and the same Manner as by the said recited Act is dirtded with regard to the Tolls thereby granted, subject nevertheless to the Alterations herein contained: Provided always, that no Person who shall have paid Toll for the Paflsge cf any Horses, Beads, or Carriages, Neat Cattle, Calves,

Sheep, or Swine, through any Gate, Bar, or Turnpike, erected or to be erected by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, shall be subject or liable on the same Day, to be computed from Twelve of the [Loc. & P/r.] i r L Clock

F> r repealing the present Tolls, and granting neur ones.

Tolls.

962

Exemptions from Toll.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

Clock at Night to Twelve of the Clock in the fucreeding Night, to the Payment of any other or further Toll for passing with the fame Horles, Beads, or Carriages, Neat Cattle, Calves, Sheep, or Swine, through the fame Gate, Bar.or Turnpike where such Person shall have p id such Toll.

X. And be it further enacted, That no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse, Cattle, or Brad employed in carrying or conveying, or going to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying on the same Day any Stones, Bricks, Timber, Road Gravel, or other Materials for repairing of the Did Road, or any of the Roads in the Townships in which any Part of the said Road doth lie, or the next adjoining Townships; or Hay, Grass, Straw, or Com in the Straw only, to be produced from Lands or Grounds in any of the said Parishes or Places through which the said Road doth pass, and not sold or disposed of, but passing to be laid up or placed in the Out-houses or on the Lands of the respective Owners within the said Parishes or Places, for the Purpose of thralhing out such Corn, or of using or consuming such Hay, Grass, or Straw; or for any Cart or other Carriage, Horse, Cattle, or Bead employed in carrying or conveying, or going empty to carry or convey, or returning from carrying or conveying, having been employed only in carrying or conveying any Ploughs, Harrows, or Implements r.f Husbandry, Corn for feeding the Ground, or any Dung, Compod, or Manure empl jyed in Husbandry for manuring or improving Lands, or for any ether Thing employed in the Management of any Farm or Lands (Lime only excepted); or for any Horles, Sheep, or Cattle going to or returning from Padure or Watering Places, or going to be or returning from being (hoed < r farried, within the said Parishes or Places; or for any Horle, Cattle, or Bead employed in carrying and conveying or returning from carrying or conveying any Corn, Grain, Meal, or Flour to er from any Corn Mill for the Owner’s own Use and Consumption, and not fer Sale, within the said Parishes or Places; or from any Person going to or returning from his or her proper Parochial Church, Chapel, or other Place of religious Worship tolerated by Law on a Sunday, or upon any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated, or attending the Funeral of any Person that shall die and be buried in any of the said Townships; or from any Clergyman going to or returning from visiting any sick Person, or going to or returning from other his parochial or miniderial Duty on a Sunday, or on any other Day on which Divine Service is ordered by Authority to be celebrated; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Carriage of whatever Description, employed or to be employed in conveying the Mails of Letters and Lx-prefles under the Authority of His Majesty's Podmaster General, either when employed in carrying, fetching, or guarding such Mails or Expresse.r, or returning back from conveying the fame; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Bead attending any Soldiers upon their March or on Duty, cr drawing any Carriage attending them with tl.eir Arms or Baggage; nor for any Waggon, Wain, Carr, or other Carriage whatsoever, or the Horse or H orfes, or other Cattle drawing the lame, which shall be employed in conveying any Ordnance, Barrack, or Com-miflariat, or other Public Stores of or belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of His Majedv’s Forces; or for any Horse, Cart, Cattle, cr Bead employed in the Conveyance cf Vagrants lent by legal Fades, or

returning

963

49" GEORGII III. C7/.50.

returning therefrom; or for any Horse, Cattle, or Beall carrying or conveying any. Person or Persons going to or returning from any Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament for the Counties of Worcester and Gloucester, or of a Burgels or Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough of Evesham, on the Day or Days of such Election, or on the Day before or L)ay after such Election thall begin or be concluded; and that no Toll shall be demanded or taken for any Horse,

Mare, or Gelding furmshed by or for any Persons belonging to any Corps of Yeomanry or Volunteer Cavalry, and rode by them in going to or returning from the Place appointed for and on the Days of Exercise, provided such Persons shall be ended in the Uniform of their respective Corps, and have their Ai ms, Furniture, and Accoutrements, according to the Regulations provided for such Corps respectively at the Time of claiming such Exemption as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall, in any fraudulent or collusive Manner whatsoever, claim and take the Benefit of any of the Exemptions by this Act granted, not being entitled to the lame, every such Person shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings, One Moiety whereof shall go to the Informer, and the other Moiety shall be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

XI. And be it further enactrd, That no Person owning or driving, CllP*g£!,f1?n' or causing t> be driven, any Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage YJyst<minot provided for the Service of His Majesty's Forces, or conveying any to be subject Ordnance, Barrack, or Commissariat, or other Public Stores of or fo/over-"* belonging to His Majesty, or for the Use of H s Majesty's Forces, weight, kc. shall be subject to any Penalty or Forfeiture for Over-weight $ nor

shall any such Waggon, Wain, Ca t, or other Carriage, be flopped or detained by reason ufany Weight in any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, cr of being drawn by any Number of Horses or Oxen; but ic shall be lawful for any Owner or Driver of any such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carriage, to put any Number of Horses or Oxen to such Waggon, Wain, Cart, or other Carnage, any Thina in any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to Highways or Turnpike Roads, or in this Act contained, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Money shall be Application of agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Here- Gotr.peniation ditaments purchased, taken, or used by virtue of the Powers of the juS"1"1 laid recited Act and this Act, for the Purposes thereof, which shall 'agio 1001, belong to ar.y Corporation, Feme Covert, Infant, Lunatic, or Person or Persons under any Disability or Incapacity, such Money shall, in case the lame shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, with all convenient Speed be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the H gh Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account ex parte the Trustees for executing the said reciied Act and this Act, to ihe Intent that such Money shall be applied under the Direction and wi h the Approbation of the f..id Courr, to be signified by an Order made upon a Petition, to be preferred in a summary Way, by ihe Person or Persons who would have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditamenis, in the Purchase of the Land Tax,or towards the Discharge of any Debtor Debts, or such other Incumbrances or Parts thereof, as the said

964

Application where the Compensation does not exceed aool. nor lets than 301.

Application where the Money is less than so 1.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

said Court shall authorize to be paid, affecting the fame Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or affecting other Lands, Tenements, 01 Hereditaments landing settled therewith, to the fame or the like Uses Hurts, Intents, or Purports; or whtre such Money shall not be so applied, then the lame shall be laid out anti inverted order the like Direction and Approbation of the said Court, in the Purchase of ocher Linds, Tenements, or Hereditaments, which shall be conveyed to, for, and upon such and the like Ul'es, Truth, Intents, and I•'uipoles and in the same Manner as the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditam nts, which shall be so purchased, taken, or used as af m-said, flood failed or limited, or such if them as at the Time of making such Conveyance or Settlement shall be existing, undetermined, and capable of taking Efrtd; and in the mean Time, and until such Purchase shall be made, the said Money shall, by Order of the said Court of Chat,eery, upon Application thereto, be inverted by the said Accountant General, in his Name, in the Purchase of Three Pounds per Centum Consolidated, or Three Pounds per Centum Reduced Bank Annuities; and in the mean Time, and until such Bank Annuities shall be ordered by the said Court to be sold for the Purports aforesaid, the Dividends and annual Produce of the said Consolidated or Reduced Bmk Annuities, shall from Time to Time be paid by Order of the said Court, to the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, nr Hereditaments by the said recited Act or this Act aireded to be purchased, in case such Purchase or Settlement were made.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Money so agreed or awarded to be paid for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments purchased, taken, or urtd for the Purports aforesaid, and belonging to any Corporation, or to any Person or Persons under Disability or Incapacity as aforesaid, shall be let. than the Sum of Two hundred Pounds, and shall amount to or exceed the Sum of Twenty Pounds, then, and in all such Carts, the fame shall, at the Option of the Person or Persons for the Time being entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments so putchaled, taken, or urtd, or of his, her, or their Guardian or Guardians, Committee or Co nmitcees, in case of Infancy or Lunacy, to be signified in Writing under their respective Hands, be paid into the Bank in the Name and with the Privity of the said Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, and be placed to his Account as aforesaid, in order to be paid in Manner herein-before directed, or otherwise the same shall be paid, at the like Option, toTwo Trustees, to be nominated by the Person or Persons making such Option, and approved of by Five or more of the said Trustees for executing the said recited Act and this Act (such Nomination and Approbation to be signified in Writing, under the Planets of the nom nating and approving Parties), in order that such Principal Money, and the Dividends arising thereon, may be applied in Manner herein-before di-reded, so far as the Cate be applicable, without obtaining or being required to obtain the Direction or Approbation of the said Court of Chancery.

XIV. Provided also, and be it further enadeJ, That where such Money lo agreed or awarded to be paid as next before mentioned, shall be less than Twenty Pounds, then and in all such Carts the fame

(lull

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 50. 965

shall be applied to the Use of the Person or Persons who would for the Time being have been entitled to the Rents and Profits of the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, so purchased, taken, or used for the Purposes of the said Act and this Act, in such Manner as the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, shall think fic; or in case of Infancy or Lunacy, then to his, her, or their Guardian or Guardian1;,

Committee or Committees, to and for the Ufc and Benefit of such Person or Persons so entitled respectively.

XV. And be it futthe1-ensfted, That in case the Person or Persons inrsfcofnot to whom any Sum or Sums of Money shall be awarded for the Purchase "gout of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, to be purchased by virtue ^'fip-rfon* of the said recited Act or this Act, shall refuse to accept the fame, or cannot be shall not be able to make a good Title to the Premises, to the Satisfac- dufe Monly tion of the said Trustees, or in case such Person or Persons, to whom such to be paid into Sum or Sums of Money shall be so awarded as aforesaid, cannot be found, subjfcTto'the or if the Person or Persons entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Here- Order of the ditaments, be not known or discovered, then, and in every such Case, it chancery on shall and may be lawful to and for the said Trustres, or any Five or more Motion or of them, to order the said Sum or Sums of Monty lo awarded as aforesaid Petrtlon-to be paid into the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant General of the High Court of Chancery, to be placed to his Account, to the Credit of the Parties interested in the said Lands,

Tenements, or Hereditaments, (describing them), subject to the Order,

Controul, and Disposition of the said Court of Chancery; which said Court of Chancery, on the Application of any Person or Persons making Claim to such Sum or Sums of Money, or any Part thereof, by Motion or Petition, shall be and is hereby empowered, in a summary Way of Proceeding, or otherwise as to the fame Court shall seem meet, to order the same to be laid out and inverted in the Public Funds, and to order Distribution thereof, or Payment of the Dividends thereof, according to the re-specfive Estate or Eftat.s, Title, or Interest of the Person or Persons making Claim thereunto, and to make such other Order in the Premises as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable; and the Cashier or Cashiers of the Bank of England, who shall receive such Sum or Sums of Money, is and are hereby required to give a Receipt or Receipts for such Sum or Sums of Money, mentioning and specifying- for what and for whose Ule the fame is or are received, to such Person or Persons as shall pay any such Sum or Sums of Money into the Bank as aforesaid.

XVI. Provided always.'and be it further enacted, That where any Question Re^e^ing shall arise touching the Title of any Person to any Money to be paid into ,h.fPut d = the Bank of England, in the Name and with the Privity of the Accountant Tltlts' General of the Court of Chancery, in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, for the Purchase of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or of any Estate, Right, or Interest in any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be purchased in pursuance of the said recited Act or this Act, or to any Bank Annuities to be purchased with any such Money, or to the Dividend- or Interest of any such Bank Annuities, the Person or Persons who shall have been in Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments at the Time of such Purchase, and all Persons claiming under such Person or Persons, or under the Possession of such Person or Persons,

[Loc. ft? Per.'] u M s shall

966

The Court of

Chancery may order rea'on-abJt Expences of Purchases to be paid by the Trustees.

Statute Work.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

shall be deemed and taken to have been lawfully entitled to stich Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments, according to Inch Possessi >n, until the contrary shall be shewn to the Satisiad'on of the Did Court of Chancery; and the Dividends or Intercll of the Bank Annuities, to be purchased with such Money, and also the Capital of such Bank Annuities shall be paid, applied, and disposed of accordingly, unless it shall be made appear to the said Court, that such Puffcflion was a wrongful possession, and that fume other Person or Persons was or were lawfully entitled to such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to lbme Estateor Interest thertin.

XVII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That where,by reason of any Disability or Incapacity of the Person or Persons, or Corporation, entitled to any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments to be purchased under the Authority of the said recited Act or this Act, the Purchase Money for the same shall be required to be paid into the said Court ot Chancery, and to be applied in the Purchase ot other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to be fcitled to the like Uses, in pursuance of this Act, it shall be lawful for the said Court of Chancery to order the Expences of all Purchases from Time to Time to be made in pursuance of the said recired Act or this Act, or so much of such Expences as the said Court shall deem reafor.able, together with the necessary Costs and Charges of obtaining such Order, to be paid by the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, who shall from Time to Time pay such Sum or Sums of Money for such Purposes as the said Court shall direct.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That all Perron* who by Law are or shall be liable to do Statute Work, or are or shall be chargeable towards repairing and amending the said Road or any Part thereof, shall (till remain liable thereto in like Manner as heretofore; and it shall and may be lawful to and for any Two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Counties of Worcester or Gloucester, and they are hereby empowered and required upon Application made to them by the said Trulfees, or by their Clerk or Surveyor, by tly-ir Orders, yearly to judge and determine what Part and Proportion of the Statute Work shall every Year be done upon the said Road by the Inhabitants of the refoedive Townfltips or Places in which the said Road lies; and also what Proportion of the Money received by the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways of every such Township or Place, in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work as aforesaid, shall be by him, her, or them paid to the said Trustees, or to their Treasurer; and in order thereunto it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Justices, from Time to Time to summon the Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways fur every such Township or Place to bring in Lifts before such Justices, at some Place to te expnfied in such Sun.mens, (within Fourteen Days aficr the serving of such Summons), of the Names of the several Peifcns who within such PariOi or Place are by Law fubied and liable to do Statute Work for ihat Year, or to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for such Statute Work, distinguishing the Nature of the Work to be done, whether with Teams or Draughts or ether wife, and also the Amount of the respective Sums to be paid, which Lifts cf Names shall be made in such Manner and under such Regulations and Rcftiidions as if, are, or may be

directed

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 50. 967

directed by any Law or Statute in force and effect for the Repairs of the Public Highways; and out of such Lifts the said Justices shall and may allot, appoint, and order such and io many of the Persons who (bail appear to be subject and liable to Statute Work as aforesaid, to do such Number of Days’ Statute Work in every Year upon the said Road as the said Justices shall think reasonable, and the same shall be done on such Days and at such Times (not being Hay Time or Harvest), and in such Parts of the said Road as the said Trustees or their Surveyor or Surveyors shall from Time to Time order, direct, and appoint; and the said Justices shall and may also order and direct the Persons who by such Lifts shall appear to be subject and liable to the Payment of any Money in lieu of or as a Composition for Statute Work as aforesaid, to pay such Proportion thereof as the said Justices shall think proper to the said Trustees or their Treasurer at such Time or Times as they the said Justices shall direct, and in Default of Payment thereof the lame shall and may be recovered by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the respective Persons liable to the Payment thereof, in like Manner as any Penalty is by the said recited Act authorized or directed to be recovered; and each and every Person who shall neglect or refuse to do such Statute Work as aforesaid, after Notice in Writing given to or left for him, her, or them at his, her, or their last or usual Place or Places of Abode for that Purpose by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, shall for every Day of his, her, or their Default, or the Default of any Labourer or Labourers, Team or Teams, Draught or Draughts, Horse or Horses, Beast or Brafts, to be provided by him, her, or them, be subjrdl and liable ro such Pains, Penalties or Forfeitures.as such Person or Persons may be subject or liable to by any Law or Statute in force and cft'ccl for the Repair of the Public Highways; and if any Person who shall come to wotk as a Labourer, or shall be sent with any Team or Draught to work on the said Road shall be found idle or negligent by any Surveyor to the said Trustees, such Surveyor is hereby empowered to remove and turn off the Person who shall be found idle or negligent as aforesaid; and in that Caie every such Person shall be subject and liable to the respective Forfeitures and Payments aforesaid, as if he had neglected or refused to come, or such Team or Draughc

had not been sent to work on any Part of the said Road; all which Forfeitures shall be paid to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, and applied towards amending the said Road; and in case the Lid Surveyor or Surveyors of the Highways for any of the said Townships or Places shall refuse or wilfully neglect to give in such Lilts as aforesaid, or shall knowingly or wilfully give in false or imperfect Lifts, every such Surveyor so offending shall for every such Offence furfeic and pay any Sum not exceeding Forty Shillings.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to Trutteesmay and for the said Trustees to compound and agree with any Person or Per- compound >°r fons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, for the Statute Wotk to be by them UU"e °* done on the said Road or any Part thereof, and also with the Inhabitants and Occupiers of Lancs, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of and in all or any of the Townships or Places in which the said Road is situate, for a certain Sum of Money, by the Year or otherwise, as the said Trustees shall think reasonable, in lieu of the Whole or any Part of the Statute or

other

968

For compelling Payment of Siibicription Monty.

Expences of this Ac:, how to be paid.

Toll-Barkeepers to be

competent,

Witnesses,

[Publick Act.]

Continuarae of the Act.

49° GEORGII III. Cap. 50.

ether Work to be by all or any of the said Inhabitants and Occupiers clone on the said Road, which Composition Money shall always be paid by the Surveyor or Sui veyuts of the Highways or other Officer of the L'own-snip, or by the Person or Persons lo compounding, to the Treasurer to the said Trustees, in advance, on or before the Twenty-ninth Day of September in each and every Year, or otherwise the Inhabitants and Occupiers of such Township or Place shall not be permuted to compound for that Year.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the several Persons who have fob-scribed or shall subscribe to pay Money for or towards amending and repairing the said new Piece ot Road, shall and are hereby required to pay such Money within such Time, in such Parts or Proportions, and to such Ptifon as the said Trustees shall dirtft or appoint; and in Default of such Payment, such Money shall be recovered by Action at Law, to be brought in any of His Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in the Name of the Treasurer or Clerk to the Trustees.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Charges and Expences incident to and attending the obtaining and passing this Act, together with lawful Interest from the Time of advancing the lame to the Time of Payment, shall be paid and satisfied by the said Trustees; and that it shall be lawful for the said Trustees, or any Five or more of them, and they are hereby required to order and direct the Payment of the said Charges and Expences, with Interest as aforesaid, out of the first Monies that shall be collected, borrowed, or received by virtue of the said recited Act or this Act, in preference to all other Payments and Lilbuisements whatsoever.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That in case any Dispute, Suit, or Litigation shall arise touching or in any wise renting to the said Tolls, the Person or Persons appointed to collect the lame, or any other Person or Persons acting by or under the Authority of the said Trustees, shall not on that Account be incompetent to give Evidence in any such Dispute, Suit, or Litigation.

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a Publick Act, and shall be judicially taken notice of as such by all Judges, Justices, and others, without being specially pleaded.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That the Term granied determined by the said recited Act shall, on the first Monday next after the passing of this Act, cease and determine; and the said Act (subject to the Alterations, Variations, and Additions herein-before contained) and this Act shall from thenceforth commence, continue and be in force, and be executed for and during the Term of Twenty-cne Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament.

LONDON: Printed by George Eyre and Andrew Strahan3 Printers to the King’s most Excellent Majesty. 1809.

